<think>
Okay, I need to find a better approach than the previous strategies for optimizing the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous strategies were using gradient-based local optimization and genetic algorithms. But maybe there's another way. Let's think about the problem again.

The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral when shifting the function h by different lags. The overlap integral is calculated as the convolution of h and (1-h), then multiplied by dx. The challenge is to find a function h that satisfies the integral constraint and minimizes this maximum.

I remember that in optimization problems with non-convex objectives, sometimes splitting the problem into smaller, manageable subproblems can help. Maybe I can model this as a bilevel optimization problem, where I minimize the maximum overlap by adjusting h, but that might be too complex.

Another idea: Since the problem involves overlapping regions, perhaps using a probabilistic model where h(x) represents a probability distribution. The integral constraint is that the total area is 1, so h(x) is like a probability density function over [0, 2]. Then, the overlap integral for a lag k is the expectation of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) over x, but I'm not sure how that helps directly.

Wait, the overlap integral depends on the values of h at different positions. Maybe I can model this as an energy minimization problem, where the energy is the maximum overlap over all lags. The energy would be a non-convex function, so gradient-based methods might get stuck in local minima. But perhaps using a differentiable approximation or smoothing the max function could help.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum over lags is the objective, maybe using a penalty method where I penalize each overlap integral and try to minimize the sum of penalties. However, the maximum is tricky to handle; maybe I can approximate it with a soft maximum function, like using the negative log of the sum of exponentials. But that might complicate the optimization.

Wait, here's an idea inspired by multi-objective optimization: instead of focusing on minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps decompose the problem into multiple subproblems that each aim to reduce specific overlaps. For example, using alternating minimization where we iteratively adjust h to reduce the largest overlap, then the next largest, and so on. This could be more tractable than handling all lags at once.

But how would that work in practice? Let's say I first find the lag with the highest overlap integral and adjust h to reduce that. Then, for the next highest lag, adjust h again. Repeat this process until convergence. However, each adjustment might affect other lags, leading to a trade-off. But it's a heuristic that might lead to a better solution than local methods.

Another thought: Maybe using a greedy approach where we assign h values to minimize the overlap for the most critical lags. But determining which lags are most critical is itself a challenge. Perhaps using a weighted sum where the weights are based on the current overlap values, then optimizing for this weighted sum. This could be a form of gradient descent with dynamic weights.

Wait, but the previous strategies already tried stochastic and gradient methods. Maybe a combination approach would help. For example, using a genetic algorithm to explore the space, but with a more effective crossover and mutation that specifically targets reducing overlaps on important lags.

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of Fourier analysis. The overlap integrals involve convolutions, which in the frequency domain are products. But since we're dealing with maximum overlap over all lags, this might not directly translate. However, maybe there's a way to use spectral properties to design h that have low cross-correlation with itself. But I'm not sure how to apply that here directly.

Let me think about the constraints again. The function h must integrate to 1 over [0, 2], and each h(x) is between 0 and 1. The overlap integrals for different lags could be related to how much the function overlaps itself when shifted. So, the goal is to spread out the function such that shifting it by any amount does not create a high overlap with itself.

Inspired by this, perhaps designing h as a piecewise constant function with certain patterns that avoid overlaps. For example, using a periodic pattern that repeats every certain interval, but adjusted to fit the integral constraint. However, the interval [0, 2] is fixed, so the period might need to be a divisor of 2.

Wait, the interval is [0, 2], so maybe using a symmetric function with alternating regions of high and low values. Like a square wave but adjusted to meet the integral constraint. For example, if the function is 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, the integral would be the length of the intervals. But with multiple intervals, it's possible to create a pattern that minimizes overlap when shifted.

But how to determine the optimal pattern? Perhaps using a simulated annealing approach, where we randomly adjust the function's values and accept worse solutions with a certain probability to escape local optima. However, simulated annealing might be slow for high-dimensional problems.

Another angle: Since the integral of h is fixed, perhaps the problem relates to equidistribution. By distributing the function's values in a way that their shifts don't overlap much. For instance, if h has a checkered pattern of high and low values, shifting it would result in less overlap. But designing such a pattern requires careful balancing.

Wait, the initial approach used a gradient-based method, but maybe there's a better way to model the problem for optimization. For example, using a quadratic programming approach by approximating the non-convex objective with a convex one. However, the max over all lags makes it non-convex. So, maybe using a convex relaxation where we minimize the sum of overlaps, or use a different convex surrogate.

Alternatively, consider that the maximum overlap is bounded by the largest individual overlap. So, if we can find a function h that makes all overlaps below a certain threshold, that threshold would be a candidate for C₅. But how to ensure that all overlaps are below that threshold?

Perhaps using a support vector machine approach, where we try to find a function h that separates the lags into regions where their overlap is minimized. But this seems too abstract.

Another idea: Since the overlap integral for a lag k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)), which can be rewritten as integral of h(x) dx - integral of h(x)h(x + k)dx. Since the integral of h is 1, this becomes 1 - integral of h(x)h(x + k)dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum of this expression is equivalent to maximizing the minimum integral of h(x)h(x + k)dx over k. Wait, that's an interesting perspective. So the problem becomes maximizing the minimal pairwise correlation between h and its shifted versions. But that's a different formulation.

This suggests that the problem is equivalent to finding a function h with the maximum possible minimal correlation with its shifts, given the integral constraint. This might allow using techniques from signal processing or statistics that deal with cross-correlation.

Hmm, but again, the exact optimization is tricky. Maybe using a greedy algorithm where at each step, we adjust h to increase the minimum correlation for the worst-performing lag. But this requires evaluating all lags each time, which could be computationally intensive.

Alternatively, think of this as a game where we try to make the worst-case overlap as small as possible. Perhaps using a gradient ascent approach on the minimal overlap, but with the max function involved, it's challenging.

Considering all these angles, perhaps a combination of methods would be effective. For example, using a hybrid of genetic algorithms and gradient descent. The genetic algorithm could explore the space and find promising regions, while gradient descent refines those solutions.

But the previous strategies already tried similar approaches. Let's think of another direction. Maybe using a tensor decomposition approach, or modeling the problem as a neural network where the output is the function h, and the loss function is the maximum overlap. Then, train the neural network to minimize this loss. But this would require significant computational resources and may not be feasible within the time budget.

Alternatively, consider that the function h can be represented as a vector of values, and the overlap computations are linear operations. Maybe we can model the problem as an optimization over these vectors, using a solver that can handle the non-convexity. For example, using a non-convex optimization solver like IPOPT, but that would require setting up the problem correctly.

But the problem is that the objective is the maximum of several linear functions (the overlaps), which is a non-convex and non-smooth function. This makes it challenging for optimizers. However, some solvers can handle this by reformulating the problem.

Another approach is to use a surrogate objective function. For instance, replacing the max function with a sum of the overlaps, but this would change the problem's nature. Alternatively, using a soft maximum with a high temperature parameter, which can be gradually decreased during optimization.

But given the time constraints, perhaps a more feasible approach is to use a multi-step process where the function h is iteratively adjusted based on the current maximum overlap. For example:

1. Start with the initial h_values.
2. Compute the overlap integrals for all lags.
3. Identify the lag with the highest overlap.
4. Adjust h in a way that reduces this overlap, while maintaining the integral constraint.
5. Repeat until convergence or until a stopping criterion is met.

This is a greedy approach, but it might be more efficient and avoid the pitfalls of gradient descent. However, the challenge is step 4: how to adjust h to reduce the maximum overlap.

To adjust h, we could use a local optimization for each lag. For example, for the worst lag, set up an optimization problem where we minimize the overlap for that specific lag, subject to the integral constraint. This is a convex optimization problem since the overlap integral for a single lag is a convex function (because it's the integral of h(x)h(x +k) which is a quadratic form). Wait, is that true?

Let me see. The overlap integral for a specific lag k is:

Integral_{0}^{2} h(x) * h(x + k) dx

Assuming k is fixed. If h is a vector of variables, then this integral is a quadratic form. So, minimizing this for a specific lag is a convex problem. But when we have multiple lags, the maximum is not convex. However, if we focus on the worst lag and optimize for that, then perhaps we can iteratively reduce the maximum.

This seems promising. So the algorithm would be:

- While not converged:
   - Compute all overlaps for all lags, find the maximum.
   - For that lag, adjust h to minimize the overlap integral for that lag, while maintaining the total integral constraint.

This approach could iteratively improve the function h by focusing on the most problematic overlap. However, each adjustment might affect other overlaps, so we need to repeat this process until the maximum overlap no longer decreases significantly.

But how to implement the optimization step for a single lag? Let's formalize it.

Let's say we're focusing on lag k. The overlap integral is:

overlap_k = ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx

With the constraint that ∫ h(x) dx = 1.

This is a constrained optimization problem. To minimize overlap_k, we can use Lagrange multipliers. The Lagrangian is:

L = ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx + λ (∫ h(x) dx - 1)

Taking derivatives with respect to h(x) would give us the optimality condition. However, since h(x) is a function over a continuous domain, we need to consider how to discretize this.

In our case, h is a sampled function, so we can approximate the continuous integral with a discrete sum. The overlap integral for lag k becomes the sum of h[i] * h[i + shift], where shift is the index corresponding to lag k. Wait, but the shift must be adjusted based on the discretization.

Wait, the original problem uses discrete samples over [0, 2], with each sample separated by dx = 2/n_points. So, for a lag k in terms of the original continuous variable, the corresponding shift in the discrete indices depends on the value of k. For example, a lag of dx corresponds to shifting by one index.

But the problem is that the overlap integrals for lags can be non-integer shifts. So, for a discrete x, the convolution of h and (1-h) would have lags corresponding to the positions where the shifted h overlaps with the original h. However, for efficiency, we might need to compute this as a discrete convolution.

Alternatively, for a specific lag k (continuous value), the discrete approximation would be to take the index where the overlap occurs. But I'm not sure.

Assuming that we can map the lag k to the discrete indices, then for a particular k, the overlap integral is the sum over i of h[i] * h[j], where j is i + shift. So, if we can find the appropriate shift for the current lag, we can compute the overlap.

But how to find the optimal h to minimize this sum, given the total integral constraint?

This seems like a constrained quadratic optimization problem. In discrete terms, the target function is the sum of h[i] * h[j], where j is i + shift. The constraint is sum(h) = 1 (or possibly a different value depending on the normalization). 

To minimize this quadratic form under the constraint sum(h) = 1, we can use the method of Lagrange multipliers. The solution would involve finding a h that satisfies the Karush-Kuhn-Tucker conditions. In the discrete case, this reduces to solving a system of equations.

However, the exact solution might be computationally intensive. But for a single lag, this could be a manageable optimization problem. 

But this approach would require solving the optimization problem for each lag in turn, which might be time-consuming. However, since we're dealing with a single lag at a time, it might be more efficient than trying to optimize for all lags simultaneously.

So, the algorithm would be:

1. Start with an initial h_values.
2. Compute the overlap integrals for all lags to find the maximum.
3. For the lag with the maximum overlap, solve the optimization problem to minimize that particular overlap.
4. Update h_values with the new solution.
5. Repeat until the maximum overlap stops decreasing or a stopping criterion is met.

This approach could lead to a local minimum, but it's a systematic way to reduce the worst-case overlap incrementally.

Now, the key is how to perform step 3 effectively. Let's think about how to set up the optimization for a single lag.

Let's consider the overlap integral for lag k (in the discrete sense). The overlap integral can be represented as the dot product between the vector h and a shifted version of h. For example, if k corresponds to shifting the vector h by a certain number of indices, then the overlap integral is h ⋅ shift_h, where shift_h is the shifted version of h.

But since the integral is over the continuous interval, the exact shift may not be an integer, so we need to interpolate. However, in our discrete case, we can approximate the continuous lag as the nearest integer shift or use linear interpolation between shifts.

Assuming that we can approximate the lag k as a shift of by m indices (where m is an integer), then the overlap integral is the dot product of h with the shifted h. But the exact value of m depends on k. However, for the purpose of this step, we can focus on a specific m (the worst lag) and optimize for that.

The problem then becomes: minimize h ⋅ shift_h subject to sum(h) = 1 and 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1.

This is a quadratic optimization problem with box constraints. This can be solved using convex optimization techniques, such as using a quadratic programming solver like CVXOPT or using a method like projected gradient descent.

But since the problem is convex for a single lag, we can use a solver that handles quadratic programming. 

This approach would allow us to iteratively adjust the function h by focusing on the worst lag, which could potentially lead to a better overall solution than local optimization or genetic algorithms.

So, the plan would involve:

- Iteratively identifying the worst lag and solving the quadratic optimization problem for that lag.
- Using a solver that can handle the quadratic constraints.
- Ensuring that the solution satisfies the box constraints and the integral constraint.
- Repeating the process until convergence or until the maximum overlap stops decreasing.

Now, the challenge is to implement this in code, which requires:

1. A way to compute the overlap for all lags.
2. A method to find the lag with the maximum overlap.
3. A solver to find the optimal h for that specific lag.
4. Updating h and repeating.

But how to handle the shift for a given lag? The exact mapping between the continuous lag and the discrete indices depends on the dx. For example, a lag of 0 would correspond to no shift, lag of dx would shift by one index, etc. However, the continuous lags can be any real number, and the overlap integral for any continuous lag can be approximated using interpolation between the discrete shifts.

But for simplicity, perhaps we can focus on the discrete shifts (i.e., integer multiples of dx) and approximate the overlap for those lags. This would limit the lags to a discrete set, but it's computationally manageable.

Alternatively, we can compute the overlap for all possible lags (continuous values) by using the convolution result, which the original code uses.

But for the optimization step, it's sufficient to select the lag with the maximum overlap and adjust h accordingly.

So, in code terms, the steps would be:

- Compute the array of overlaps for all lags.
- Find the lag with the maximum overlap value.
- For this lag, construct the quadratic objective function (the overlap integral) and solve the optimization problem to minimize it, subject to the constraints.
- Update h with the solution.
- Repeat until convergence.

Now, the question is, how to implement this with available libraries like scipy.optimize and cvxpy.

For the optimization problem, the quadratic objective is the dot product between h and the shifted version of h. For a given lag m (number of indices shifted), the shifted h is h_padded = np.roll(h, m), and the overlap is sum(h[i] * h_padded[i]).

But since the shifted version needs to be aligned properly, we have to ensure that the overlapping regions are correctly accounted for. For example, when shifting by m positions, the overlap would be only for indices where the original and shifted h overlap.

Wait, but in the discrete case, the convolution is computed as the full convolution, which includes overlaps of varying lengths. However, for the purpose of the optimization for a single lag, perhaps the exact overlap calculation needs to be considered. 

But for simplicity, let's assume that the worst lag is a certain shift m, and the overlap is the sum over the indices where the original and shifted h overlap. However, in practice, the code already computes the full convolution, so perhaps the maximum overlap is found among all possible lags, and then for that specific lag (which corresponds to a specific shift), we optimize.

This seems feasible. The code would need to:

1. Find the lag k (in the convolution result) with the maximum overlap.
2. Determine the corresponding shift m in the discrete indices.
3. Solve the quadratic optimization problem for that m.

But how to map the lag k (from the convolution result) to the shift m?

The convolution of h and (1-h) with mode 'full' gives an array of size 2n_points - 1. Each lag corresponds to a certain shift in the original array. For example, the lag at index i in the convolution result corresponds to shifting by i positions (but I need to confirm this).

Alternatively, the convolution of h with (1-h) gives for each lag k the integral of h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx. For the full convolution, the lags range from -n_points +1 to n_points -1. 

But for our purposes, we can focus on the maximum value of the convolution array, which gives the maximum overlap. Let's call that value as max_overlap_idx, which is the index of the maximum value in the convolution array. 

For a given max_overlap_idx, the corresponding lag in terms of the discrete indices would be such that the overlap is calculated. However, the exact mapping is complex because the convolution includes all possible shifts and overlaps.

But for the optimization step, regardless of the exact lag, we can use the value from the convolution to determine which overlap we need to minimize. However, the optimization for a specific lag requires knowing the exact shift m that contributes to that overlap.

This is getting complicated. Perhaps a better approach is to, for each iteration, compute all possible lags, find the maximum, and then perform the optimization for that specific lag. However, the mapping from the convolution array index to the actual shift is not straightforward.

Alternatively, during the optimization step, we could generate multiple lags (in the continuous sense) and recompute the overlaps for each, then choose the worst one. But this would be computationally expensive.

At this point, I think it's best to proceed with the following plan:

1. Start with an initial h_values.
2. Compute the overlap integrals for all lags using the convolution method.
3. Find the lag with the highest overlap.
4. For that lag, construct the optimization problem: minimize the sum of h[i] * h[j] where j corresponds to the indices that overlap with the shifted h for this lag.
5. Solve this optimization problem with the integral constraint and box constraints.
6. Update h_values with the new solution.
7. Repeat until the maximum overlap stops decreasing or until a time budget is reached.

This approach focuses on iteratively minimizing the worst-case overlap by optimizing for that single lag, which can be done using quadratic optimization. Each optimization step reduces the maximum overlap, potentially leading to better convergence.

Implementing this would require a way to generate the appropriate overlap sum for a given lag. However, the exact mapping from lag to indices is non-trivial. For the purposes of this plan, let's assume that the worst lag is a specific shift m (e.g., m = 1), and the overlap is the sum of h[i] * h[i + m] for all i where the overlap occurs. 

In practice, this would require understanding the exact overlap indices for a given shift, which depends on the continuous interval [0, 2]. For example, shifting by m positions in the discrete array corresponds to a lag of m * dx. The overlap for such a shift would be the sum over i where the original h[i] and h[j] overlap, where j = i + m if i + m is within the bounds.

But to accurately compute this, we need to determine the range of i where the overlap occurs. For example, for a shift of m positions, the overlapping region is from i = 0 to i = n_points - m -1, assuming that the shift is in the positive direction. However, the exact indices are complex to determine, especially when considering negative lags.

Given the complexity, perhaps the best approach is to approximate the overlap for a given lag by focusing on the discrete shifts that contribute to the maximum value in the convolution array. 

In code, this could be approximated by generating all possible discrete lags (e.g., all shifts m from -n_points + 1 to n_points -1), computing the overlap for each, and selecting the worst one. Then, for that specific shift, compute the overlap sum as the dot product between h and the shifted version of h, considering the overlapping indices.

Once the worst lag is identified, the optimization problem becomes minimizing this dot product while maintaining the integral constraint and box constraints on h.

For example, if the worst lag corresponds to a shift of m (positive or negative), then the overlap is sum(h[i] * h[i + m]) for i in range(n_points - |m|). The integral constraint is sum(h) = 1, and each h[i] ∈ [0, 1].

This is a constrained quadratic optimization problem. Using a solver like cvxpy, this can be formulated as:

minimize (h ⋅ shifted_h)
subject to sum(h) == 1
0 <= h[i] <= 1 for all i

Where shifted_h is the shifted version of h for the particular lag m.

Solving this problem would give us a new set of h values that minimize the overlap for that specific lag while satisfying the constraints.

Repeating this process iteratively could gradually reduce the maximum overlap, leading to a better C₅ bound.

Now, considering the previous strategies, this approach is different because it doesn't use a global optimization method like genetic algorithms or gradient descent but instead focuses on iteratively improving the worst-case overlap through targeted symbolic optimization. This could be more efficient, as each iteration is solving a single quadratic problem, which might be faster than optimizing the entire convolution max.

The code would need to:

- Compute the full convolution and find the maximum overlap.
- Identify the corresponding lag (shift) m.
- Construct the shifted version of h for that lag.
- Set up and solve the quadratic optimization problem.
- Update h and repeat.

However, there are several challenges:

1. Mapping the convolution's maximum index to the correct shift m.
2. Handling the exact overlap indices for the shift m.
3. Efficiently solving the quadratic optimization problem with the constraints.
4. Ensuring that the solution remains within the [0, 1] bounds and maintains the integral constraint.

Additionally, since the problem is non-convex, this method might get stuck in local minima, so multiple iterations may be needed. However, the iterative approach could potentially outperform other methods by focusing on the most critical overlaps.

Another consideration is the number of iterations and the stopping criterion. The process could continue for a fixed number of iterations or until the maximum overlap decreases below a certain threshold.

In terms of implementation, using cvxpy or a similar library to solve the quadratic optimization problem for each iteration would be necessary. However, given the time constraints, this might be computationally intensive, especially for large n_points.

But since the problem allows for n_points up to a few thousand, and the time budget is 600 seconds, this approach might be feasible with careful implementation.

Another optimization could be to precompute the shifted versions of h for all possible lags and select the worst one each time. But this would require O(n_points^2) memory, which could be prohibitive for large n_points.

Alternatively, during each iteration, when selecting the worst lag, compute all possible lags' overlaps on the fly, find the worst, and then perform the optimization for that specific lag.

In code, this could be implemented as follows:

for each iteration:
    compute the convolution and find max overlap
    determine the corresponding lag (m)
    generate the shifted_h for that m
    construct the objective as dot product of h and shifted_h
    solve the quadratic optimization problem with constraints
    update h

But the exact implementation details depend on how to compute the shifted_h and handle the indices correctly.

In summary, the proposed approach is to iteratively improve the worst-case overlap by solving a quadratic optimization problem for that specific lag. This could lead to a better convergence than other methods and potentially improve the C₅ bound. Now, translating this into a concrete strategy with code steps.
</think>

<strategy>
1. Approach and rationale
The strategy employs a hybrid iterative local optimization approach focusing on reducing the worst-case overlap incrementally. By targeting the lag with the highest overlap in each iteration, we refine the solution through a series of targeted convex subproblems. This addresses the bottleneck of non-convexity in previous methods by isolating and resolving the most critical overlaps sequentially, potentially achieving better convergence than global optimization techniques.

2. Mathematical specification
Variables:
- h ∈ [0,1]^n_points with ∑h = n_points/2
- Overlap integral for lag m: overlap_m = ∑_{i=0}^n_points-1 h[i] * h[i + m] if i + m within bounds
- Objective: minimize max_{m} overlap_m
- Constraints: 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 and ∑h = n_points/2

Implementation:
- Select worst lag m from convolution output
- Objective: minimize h ⋅ (shifted_h_m) where shifted_h_m is h shifted by m
- Constraints: sum(h) = n_points/2, 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1

Key mathematical properties:
- Quadratic objective is convex for fixed m, enabling efficient convex optimization
- Lags are mapped to discrete shifts between -n_points+1 to n_points-1
- Convex subproblem ensures reliable local solutions for each iteration

3. Implementation procedure
a. Parent validation:
- If initial_h_values exists, normalize to sum = n_points/2
- h = initial_h_values.copy() / h.sum() * (n_points/2)

b. Core loop:
1. Compute all lags' overlaps using np.correlate(h, 1-h, 'full') * dx
2. Find worst lag m with maximum overlap value
3. For lag m, construct shifted_h_m by rolling h to match the discrete shift
4. Set up optimization problem:
   min (h ⋅ shifted_h_m)
   s.t. sum(h) = n_points/2
   0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 for all i
5. Solve using CVXPY with quadratic objective and box constraints
6. Clip and rescale to maintain constraints:
   h = np.clip(solver_result, 0, 1)
   h = h / h.sum() * (n_points/2)

c. Termination:
- Run for 100 iterations or until change in C₅ < 1e-5
- Track best solution during iterations

d. Final validation:
- Re-evaluate C₅ using original evaluator
- Ensure 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 and sum(h) = n_points/2

4. Search choices and useful variations
Default configuration:
- Iterations: 100
- Lag selection: always use maximum overlap from current h
- Solver: CVXPY with ECOS solver for quadratic problems

Key variations:
- Adaptive lag selection: use top 3 lags for each iteration
- Hybrid approach: combine with 10% of genetic algorithm mutations
- Dynamic solver: switch to MOSEK for larger problems
- Stochastic perturbations: add 5% random noise after each iteration

5. Compute budget and robustness
Time estimation:
- Each optimization: O(n_points^2) operations
- 100 iterations: ~10^5 operations for n_points=70

Robustness measures:
- Clip and rescale after every iteration
- Early stopping if C₅ improves by <1e-5 for 10 iterations
- Maintain n_points/2 sum via clipping/rescaling
- Fallback to initial_h_values if optimization stagnates
- Use 1e-6 tolerance for sum constraint validation

6. Validation and return contract
Post-optimization checks:
1. Verify 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 for all i
2. Confirm ∑h == n_points/2 (within 1e-6 tolerance)
3. Recompute C₅ using original evaluator
4. Validate all lags (full convolution output) match expectations

Required interface:
- Returns (h_values, c5_bound, n_points)
- c5_bound matches exact max(np.correlate(...))
- h_values is a NumPy array (n_points,)
- n_points is length of h_values

Sanity checks:
- Confirm dx = 2.0 / n_points is used consistently
- Ensure full convolution is computed with mode='full'
- Verify max is taken over all lags (2n_points - 1 values)
- Validate that all overlap integrals match the original evaluator
</strategy>