<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for C₅. Let's see. The previous code used a genetic algorithm with some perturbations and selection, but maybe there's a better approach. The strategy mentioned using a divide-and-conquer with multi-resolution optimization, which seems more structured. 

Hmm, multi-resolution. So start with a coarse structure, then refine. Maybe begin with a few blocks and split them as we go. Also, using convex approximations and surrogate models could help. But how to implement that in code?

The previous code used 70 points, which is manageable. Maybe increasing the number of points won't help if the time is limited. Wait, the user wants smaller sequences, so maybe keeping n_points around 70 is better.

Another idea: the problem is non-convex, so perhaps using an optimization method that can handle constraints more effectively. The initial code used a genetic algorithm with random perturbations, which might get stuck in local optima. Maybe switch to a gradient-based method with constraints.

But how to handle the integral constraint? The constraint is that the integral of h is 1. So, when modifying h, need to ensure that sum(h) remains n_points / 2. The previous code scaled the perturbed h to maintain that. 

Alternatively, use a constrained optimization approach. Maybe using CVXPY with a solver. But for a step function, maybe it's better to model it as a piecewise constant function with certain parameters. But coding that might be complex.

Wait, the problem says to use scipy, numpy, and cvxpy. So perhaps use CVXPY for some parts. But the initial approach used a genetic algorithm, which is more heuristic. Maybe combining both: use a genetic algorithm to explore the space, but with more intelligent mutations.

Wait, the current record is 0.38085. The user's previous code achieved 0.381003. So the goal is to beat that. The strategy mentioned using multi-resolution, which might be better.

Let me think of the key steps. The main goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. The current code uses a population-based approach. Maybe instead of random perturbations, use a more systematic way to adjust the function. For example, identifying regions where the overlap is high and adjusting those areas.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=70). Maybe adjusting that? But the user prefers smaller sequences, so keeping n_points around 70 is good.

Another thought: the overlap integral depends on the correlation between h and 1-h. So, the maximum over different lags. To minimize this, maybe the function h should be designed to minimize the maximum overlap with its shifted version. 

A possible approach is to make h as "spread out" as possible, so that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much with itself. But how to model this? Maybe using a sine wave or a wavelet-like structure. The initial code tried a sine-like function. 

Wait, the previous code tried a sine wave as an initial perturbation. Maybe that's a good starting point. So, the initial_h_values could be a sine function. But the user says to use the initial_h_values if available. So if initial_h_values is provided, use that. 

So, perhaps the best approach is to use a more sophisticated optimization method, like a combination of gradient descent with constraints and a population-based approach. Also, ensuring that the integral constraint is maintained.

Wait, the time budget is 1100 seconds. So the code needs to run efficiently. The previous approach had a loop with 30 individuals in the population, and 5 steps. Maybe increasing the population size or modifying the mutation steps could help, but it's time-consuming. 

Alternatively, use a more efficient optimization method. Let me think about the objective. The C5 value is the maximum of the correlation between h and 1-h. So, for each lag k, compute the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k))dx. The maximum of these is C5. 

To minimize C5, we need to make sure that for all lags k, this integral is as small as possible. 

One way to do this is to design h such that it has low self-overlap when shifted. This is similar to the concept of a "low autocorrelation" sequence, which is relevant in signal processing. Maybe applying techniques from that field could help.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values is used, which might be a good starting point. So the plan is to take that initial solution and perform a more refined optimization.

Another idea: use a gradient-based method where we can compute the gradient of the C5 with respect to h. However, since the maximum is over different lags, the gradient might be challenging. But perhaps for each h, we can find the k that gives the maximum integral and then optimize with respect to that particular k. This would be a local approach, but maybe it's possible.

Alternatively, use a surrogate model that approximates the maximum over k for a given h. But that might be complex.

Another thought: since the integral is over a continuous domain, but we have samples, perhaps the evaluation is done using correlation. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the correlation for all lags. Then, the maximum is taken.

So, to minimize the maximum, perhaps the function h should be structured in such a way that it's evenly distributed and avoids overlapping with its shifts. For example, a step function that is periodic or has certain symmetry properties.

Wait, the previous code tried a sine function. The user's strategy mentioned using block partitioning and multi-resolution. Maybe the key is to find a function that is as "spread out" as possible. 

Here's an idea: divide the interval [0,2] into several regions and set h to 1 in some regions and 0 in others, such that the overall integral is 1. Then, adjust the regions to minimize the maximum overlap. This is a combinatorial problem but could be approximated with some optimization.

But since the function must be a step function, perhaps it's better to model it with a fixed number of steps. However, the problem allows for a step function, so maybe using a binary-valued function (0 or 1) would be optimal, but that's not necessarily the case. The integral constraint must be satisfied.

Alternatively, use a piecewise constant function with a certain number of segments, and adjust the segments to minimize the maximum overlap. 

But how to implement this? Maybe use a more structured approach. Let's think of the initial_h_values as a starting point. The user's previous code had a population-based approach. Maybe replace the genetic algorithm with a more efficient one, like a gradient descent with constraints, or use a solver like CVXPY to find the optimal h.

Wait, but the problem states that the function h is a step function. However, the code uses samples over [0,2], so in the code, h is represented as a vector of values. Each value is a step in the function. 

But the problem allows for h to be any step function as long as it meets the constraints. So, perhaps the initial approach is to model h as a vector of values, and use a constrained optimization method to minimize the maximum correlation integral.

But how to compute the gradients? The current code uses a numerical approach with perturbations. Maybe instead of using a population-based approach, use a direct optimization method. For example, using scipy.optimize.minimize with constraints. But that might be challenging due to the non-convexity of the problem.

Alternatively, since the evaluation is based on the correlation, we can model the problem as optimizing h to minimize the maximum of several functions (each for a different k). However, this is again non-convex and difficult to optimize directly.

Another approach: since the maximum of the integrals is the C5 value, the problem is equivalent to minimizing the worst-case overlap. To handle this, perhaps use a method that iteratively finds the k that gives the maximum overlap and adjusts h to reduce that particular overlap. This is similar to the approach used in the previous code, but with more targeted adjustments.

So, here's a plan:

1. Start with the initial_h_values.
2. For a given h, compute the C5 value and the k that maximizes the integral.
3. Adjust h to reduce the overlap at that particular k.
4. Repeat this process until convergence or time runs out.

This is similar to using a gradient-based method where we target the worst-case overlap.

But how to adjust h? The overlap integral for a particular k is:

integral from 0 to 2 -k of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx.

To minimize this, we can consider the derivative of the integral with respect to h, but since h is a vector of samples, it's a bit tricky. However, we can use a local search approach, tweaking the values of h that contribute most to the overlap for that k.

Alternatively, use a constrained optimization where the objective is to minimize the overlap for the worst k, and the constraints are the integral and the bounds on h.

But implementing this requires a way to compute the gradient, which might not be straightforward.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the previous genetic algorithm by making it more efficient. For example, using a different mutation strategy, or using more targeted perturbations based on the overlap.

Another idea: instead of random perturbations, focus on the regions where the overlap is highest. For example, identify the lags where the overlap is largest, and adjust those parts of h accordingly.

But how to implement this? For each individual in the population, compute the maximum overlap and then modify the h to reduce that particular overlap. This could be done by adjusting the h values in regions where x and x + k overlap.

Alternatively, for each h, find the k that gives the maximum overlap, then adjust the h to reduce that overlap. This could be done through a local optimization step.

But since the code is in Python, and the user has a time budget, I need to make the code efficient. Let me think of the previous code and see where I can improve.

The previous code uses a population of 30 individuals, with some random perturbations. It might not be exploring the search space effectively. Maybe using a more deterministic approach, such as simulated annealing or other heuristic methods, could lead to better results.

Alternatively, use a more efficient sampling strategy. For example, instead of randomly perturbing, use a gradient-based approach on the current best solution. But again, without knowing the gradients, it's hard to do.

Wait, the previous code's main issue might be that it's not exploring enough of the search space. So maybe increasing the population size and altering the selection and mutation strategies could help.

But given that the user wants the code to be under 300 lines and 12,000 characters, it's important to keep it concise. So, perhaps the best way is to use a population-based approach with better mutation strategies and a smarter selection process.

Another idea: instead of using a random normal perturbation, use a more targeted mutation. For example, when a new candidate is created, look at the current best solution's overlap and adjust the h values where the overlap is highest.

Alternatively, for each individual in the population, compute the overlap and focus on reducing the maximum.

But implementing all that might be complex.

Alternatively, use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using scipy.optimize.minimize with constraints. Let's think: the objective function is the maximum of the correlation integrals. But how to model this as a minimization problem.

Wait, the constraint is that sum(h) = n_points/2, and 0 <= h[i] <= 1. The objective is to minimize the maximum over k of the correlation.

But this is a non-convex, non-smooth optimization problem. So using a direct method like SLSQP might not be feasible, but perhaps for a small problem size (n_points=70), it could work.

But to compute the maximum correlation, the code needs to evaluate all possible k. For each h, compute all the correlations and take the maximum.

But how to make this into an optimization problem? The maximum is a non-smooth function, so gradient-based methods may not work. However, for numerical optimization with scipy, perhaps using a local optimizer with a smoothing technique.

Alternatively, approximate the maximum by considering the k that gives the highest correlation for the current h, and then optimize to reduce that particular value.

This approach would be to focus on the worst k and iteratively improve that. This could be implemented with a loop that performs several steps of optimization targeting the worst k.

But how to implement this? For each step, find the k that has the highest correlation, then adjust h to reduce that k's correlation. This could be done with a gradient step or a local search.

But given the time, maybe the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a more efficient mutation strategy, perhaps focusing on the regions where the overlap is highest.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed number of points, maybe use a variable number of points. But the user prefers smaller sequences, so keeping n_points around 70 is better.

In the previous code, initial_h_values is used. Let me check if there's any information about it. The user says that when available, use it directly. So if initial_h_values is provided, that's a good starting point. 

So, perhaps the code should use that initial_h_values and then perform a more refined optimization. The previous code used a population-based approach with mutations. To improve, maybe increase the population size or change the mutation strategy.

Alternatively, use a more efficient optimization algorithm. For example, use a particle swarm optimization or differential evolution. But implementing that might take more code.

But considering the time constraints and the need to keep the code concise, perhaps a better approach is to use a more targeted mutation. For example, when creating new candidates, instead of random perturbations, focus on the areas where the overlap is highest.

Alternatively, use a combination of random and directed mutations. 

Another idea: in the previous code, after evaluating the population, the best candidates are kept, and new ones are generated by mutating the parents. Perhaps increasing the number of parents or using a different selection strategy.

Also, the previous code has a loop that runs for a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the mutation rate could help.

But without knowing the exact way to tweak, perhaps the best way is to modify the previous code to use a more efficient mutation strategy, such as focusing on the regions where the overlap is highest. 

For example, when generating new candidates, identify the regions where the overlap is largest and adjust those regions. This could be done by looking at the particular k that gives the highest overlap and modifying the h accordingly.

But how to implement this? For each candidate in the population, compute the C5 value and the corresponding k. Then, perturb the h in the regions that contribute most to this k's overlap.

Alternatively, for each candidate, when generating a new candidate, take the current best h, find the k that maximizes the overlap, and then adjust the h to reduce that particular overlap. This could be done by applying a small perturbation to the h values where the overlap is high.

This approach might lead to faster convergence to a better solution.

In code terms, this would involve, for each new candidate generated from parents, identifying the worst k, and then adjusting h to reduce that overlap. However, this could be computationally intensive.

Alternatively, during the mutation step, instead of adding random noise, adjust the h in the regions that are part of the worst k's overlap. For example, if k=0.5, then for x in [0, 1.5], adjust h[x] and h[x+0.5] to reduce their product.

But this is getting complex. Given the time, perhaps the best way is to improve the previous code by using a different mutation strategy and increasing the population size or the number of iterations.

Another thought: since the evaluation is based on the correlation, the maximum overlap can be reduced by ensuring that the function h has no abrupt changes. However, the previous code uses a sine-like function, which is smooth, but that might not be optimal.

Alternatively, use a step function with carefully chosen intervals.

In conclusion, the main improvements to the previous code could be:

1. Use a better mutation strategy that targets the regions contributing to the maximum overlap.

2. Increase the population size or the number of iterations to explore the search space more thoroughly.

3. Use a more efficient selection strategy to retain better candidates.

But given the constraints, modifying the previous code's mutation strategy and increasing the number of iterations might be the best approach.

So, here's a plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values if available.

- Use a population-based approach with a larger population size (say 50) and more iterations.

- Instead of random perturbations, focus on the regions contributing to the maximum overlap.

But how to implement this? Maybe after evaluating each candidate, store the maximum k and adjust the h accordingly.

Alternatively, for each new candidate, compute the current C5 and the corresponding k, then perturb the h values that contribute to that k's overlap.

But this requires more detailed analysis.

Alternatively, in the mutation step, for each parent, when generating a new candidate, compute the current maximum k and then apply a perturbation to reduce that particular overlap. This would be a targeted mutation, which might converge faster.

But since the code is under time constraints, perhaps the best way is to adjust the previous code's mutation and selection steps to focus more on the best candidates.

Another possible improvement is to replace the random perturbations with a gradient-based approach. For example, for the current best candidate, compute the gradient of the C5 with respect to h, and then adjust h in the direction that reduces C5. This would require computing the derivative, which might not be feasible, but using a numerical approximation is possible.

In code, for a given h, the gradient can be approximated by small perturbations. However, this would be computationally expensive.

Overall, given the time and the need for a concise code, the best approach might be to improve the previous code by using more efficient mutation strategies, increasing the population size, and adjusting the selection process to favor better candidates more strongly.

So, the code would look similar to the previous one, but with some modifications such as:

- Increasing the number of population members.

- Changing the mutation strategy to focus on areas contributing to high overlap.

But without going into too much complexity, perhaps the code can be adjusted as follows:

In the previous code, the mutation step adds normal noise. Instead, for each parent, we can perturb the regions where the overlap is highest. To find this, for the current parent, compute the maximum k, and then adjust the h values in the vicinity of that k.

However, this might require more code. Another simpler improvement is to use a different mutation strategy, such as shrinking or expanding certain regions of h.

Alternatively, for the mutation, use a small step size and adjust h in the regions where the overlap is highest.

But given the time, perhaps the code can be modified to use a more efficient approach, such as increasing the population size and adjusting the mutation rate.

Another possible improvement is to use a different initial H, such as the sine wave. The previous code tried this. So, if the initial_h_values is not available, generating a sine-based initial h might be better.

But the user says to use initial_h_values if available.

In summary, the final code would be a modified version of the previous one, with adjustments to the mutation strategy and population size to improve the results.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
from scipy.stats import norm

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 70
    ones_count = n_points // 2
    initial_h = initial_h_values if 'initial_h_values' in globals() else np.full(n_points, 0.5)
    
    population_size = 50
    population = [initial_h.copy()]
    
    def evaluate(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * (2.0 / n_points)
    
    best_h = initial_h.copy()
    best_c5 = evaluate(initial_h)
    time_used = 0
    max_iter = int(budget_s / 5)
    
    for _ in range(max_iter):
        scores = [evaluate(h) for h in population]
        sorted_indices = np.argsort(scores)
        sorted_pop = [population[i] for i in sorted_indices]
        
        new_candidates = []
        for i in sorted_pop[:int(0.5 * population_size)]:
            h = i.copy()
            k = np.argmax(np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')) - n_points + 1
            overlap = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')[k]
            
            def perturb_func():
                h_perturb = h.copy()
                idxs = np.where((np.arange(n_points) - k) % n_points < 5)
                h_perturb[idxs] += np.random.uniform(-0.1, 0.1, len(idxs))
                h_perturb = np.clip(h_perturb, 0, 1)
                sum_h = np.sum(h_perturb)
                scale = ones_count / sum_h
                h_perturb *= scale
                return h_perturb
            
            new_h = perturb_func()
            new_candidates.append(new_h)
        
        population = sorted_pop[:population_size - len(new_candidates)] + new_candidates
        current_best = min(zip(scores, population), key=lambda x: x[0])[1]
        current_c5 = evaluate(current_best)
        if current_c5 < best_c5:
            best_c5 = current_c5
            best_h = current_best
        
        time_used += 5
        if time_used >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```