<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős constant C₅ by finding a better step function h. The previous code used COBYLA optimization with perturbations, but it didn't achieve the desired lower bound. Let me think about how to approach this differently.

First, the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The previous method used a fixed initial guess and perturbations, but maybe there's a more effective way to initialize the function. The initial_h_values provided might have a structured pattern that's good, but perhaps I can find a better starting point.

I recall that for such optimization problems, using a more structured initial guess can lead to better results. Maybe instead of a simple periodic pattern, I can use a more complex structure that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that balances the integral constraints. However, generating such structures algorithmically without hardcoding might be tricky.

Another thought: since the constraint is the integral of h over [0,2] being 1, the function needs to have an average value of 0.5. So, maybe using a function that has more balanced regions where h is 0 or 1, with transitions that minimize the overlap when shifted.

Wait, the overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). So, for each shift, the integral represents the overlap between h and its shifted version. To minimize the maximum overlap, the function should be designed so that when shifted, it overlaps as little as possible with itself.

This seems similar to a "balanced" function where the regions where h is 1 are spread out so that shifting them doesn't cause too much overlap. For example, if the function has 0s and 1s arranged in a way that each 1 is followed by a certain number of 0s, then shifting by that number would minimize overlap.

So, perhaps the optimal h is a periodic function with certain periodicity. For instance, a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a pattern that's designed to minimize overlap. But how to model this?

Alternatively, using a more mathematical approach. Since the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum correlation between h and its shifted versions. The maximum correlation here is the overlap integral. So, the goal is to minimize this maximum correlation.

In the previous code, the optimization used perturbation and COBYLA, which is a local optimization method. Maybe switching to a global optimization method would help avoid local minima. But COBYLA is already a local method; perhaps using a different algorithm or a combination of methods?

Wait, the previous code's initial guess was a periodic pattern with 1s at every other point, which is probably not optimal. Maybe starting with a different structure, like a more complex pattern that's designed to have better spread.

Another idea: since the integral must be 1, the number of 1s in the step function is n_points/2. So, if n_points is even, half of the points are 1s. Maybe arranging these 1s in a way that their shifts overlap minimally. For example, a function where 1s are spaced out as evenly as possible.

This sounds like a covering problem, where the 1s are spread out to minimize overlap when shifted. For example, in the case of 70 points, having 35 ones arranged in a way that each 1 is as far as possible from others. That's similar to a maximum spacing problem.

But how to create such a pattern algorithmically? One approach could be to use a greedy algorithm: place a 1, then skip a certain number of points, place another, etc. However, this might not be optimal. Alternatively, using a sine-like function or other periodic functions with controlled frequency.

Alternatively, think about it as a packing problem. Place the 1s such that the minimum distance between them is maximized. But again, how to model this in code?

Another approach is to use a more sophisticated initial guess. For example, instead of placing 1s every other point, maybe use a more complex pattern. For example, in the initial_h_values, the pattern might have a certain structure that could be modified.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a specific pattern. If the problem's initial_h_values are available, we can use them as a starting point. But in the absence of such a pattern, we need to construct our own.

Let me think about the constraints again. The integral of h over [0, 2] is 1, which translates to sum(h) = n_points / 2. So for 70 points, sum is 35. The function must have exactly 35 ones and 35 zeros. But since h is a step function, the values are either 0 or 1? Wait, no: the problem says h is a step function, but the values are between 0 and 1. Wait, the problem statement says h is a step function mapping [0,2] to [0,1], so perhaps the actual function is piecewise constant with values in [0,1], not necessarily only 0 or 1. But the discrete version is represented by n_points samples. However, the initial code uses h as a vector with values between 0 and 1, but the sum is n_points / 2. So maybe the initial code's approach is to allow non-binary values.

Wait, but in the previous code, the initial_h_values have 1s and 0s. For example, in the code, the initial_h is set as 1 at every other point. But the problem allows for h(x) to be any value in [0,1], not just binary values. So maybe using a more refined approach where the h values are not necessarily 0 or 1 would lead to a better solution.

But the code's current approach uses COBYLA optimization, which is for continuous variables. So maybe allowing h to take on non-binary values could lead to better results. However, the previous code used a perturbative approach with binary values. Maybe there's a better way to initialize the function.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more structured optimization method. For instance, instead of starting from a binary pattern, use a continuous initial guess where the values are spread out in a way that maximizes the distance between the 1s and 0s. But how?

Alternatively, use a mathematical model. Let me think: if I can model the problem as an optimization problem with constraints, perhaps using a quadratic programming approach or other methods.

But given the time constraints, maybe the previous approach is too slow or not effective enough. Let's think about possible improvements to the existing code.

The previous code used a fixed initial guess and then perturbed it with Gaussian noise, then optimized each perturbed version with COBYLA. This might get stuck in local minima. Perhaps using a different optimization algorithm or a better initialization.

Another idea: instead of COBYLA, use a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing, which could explore the solution space more thoroughly. But these are more computationally expensive. However, given the 1100s time budget, maybe a metaheuristic could be feasible if the code is optimized.

But integrating genetic algorithms into the code might be complex. Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimizer. For example, using LBFGS with constraints, or other methods.

Wait, the previous code uses COBYLA which is a derivative-free method. It's possible that with more perturbation steps and a better initial guess, we can achieve better results.

Another thought: the correlation is computed over all possible shifts. The problem is to minimize the maximum of this correlation. So, the maximum occurs for some shift. The previous approach tries to minimize this maximum by optimizing the function. However, since the correlation is a function of the shift, maybe the function should be designed to evenly distribute the "overlaps" across all shifts.

Alternatively, the function should be such that the overlap is uniform for all shifts. This would suggest that the function is designed to have a certain symmetry, leading to a lower maximum overlap.

So, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is as smooth as possible, with minimal variation, leading to uniform overlaps. But how to construct such a function.

Alternatively, think of it as a convolution. The overlap integral is the convolution between h and 1-h. The maximum of this convolution corresponds to the maximum overlap. To minimize this maximum, the function h should be designed such that this convolution is as flat as possible.

This sounds like a problem related to the theory of signal processing, where the goal is to design a signal with certain properties. But I'm not sure about the exact approach.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum value of the integral, we can model it as a game where we select h to minimize the worst-case overlap. This is similar to robust optimization. However, solving such a problem analytically is unlikely, so numerical methods are needed.

In the previous code, the perturbation step uses a decreasing sigma. Maybe making the perturbations larger at the beginning could explore a wider area of the solution space, then refine. Also, the constraint projection might be improved.

Wait, in the previous code, when perturbing the h, they project the sum to the target by scaling. However, this might not be the best way. For example, after clipping the perturbed values, the sum could be off. To adjust, they do: h_perturbed = h_perturbed * (ones_count / np.sum(h_perturbed)), which scales the values to meet the sum constraint. However, this could cause some elements to drop below zero or exceed 1 if the perturbation is large. So clipping is necessary. But maybe there's a better way to adjust the sum.

Alternatively, after clipping, if the sum is too high, decrease the largest elements until the sum is correct. If the sum is too low, increase the smallest elements. This would preserve the 0-1 bounds. That might be a better way than scaling, which could create values outside the bounds.

So, in the previous code, the projection step is: clip to [0,1], then scale the entire vector to get the sum right. But this scaling could cause values to go out of bounds. For example, suppose after clipping, the sum is 2. Then scaling by (n_points/2) / sum(h_perturbed) would multiply each value by a factor. However, if some of the h_perturbed values are already at 0 or 1, scaling could push them beyond these limits. For example, if after clipping, the sum is 40, but the target is 35, then scaling by (35/40) would decrease the values. However, if some values are already at 1, then scaling would not push them beyond 1. So maybe this is safe. But perhaps a better approach would be to adjust elements to meet the sum constraint without scaling, but that's more complex.

In any case, the previous code uses this method. So, perhaps the way to improve is to adjust the initial perturbation, the optimization method, and the number of iterations.

Another possible improvement is to use a different initial guess. For example, using a more structured pattern, like a binary sequence with specific spacing between 1s. For instance, in the initial_h_values, the pattern could be a periodic sequence where 1s are spaced out more evenly.

But without knowing the initial_h_values, I have to create my own. Wait, the problem says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. Otherwise, create a starting vector. So, if the parent construction provides initial_h_values, I should use that. In the previous code, if initial_h_values is not present, it creates a simple pattern.

So, maybe the initial_h_values is a specific construction that's already better than the previous code's initial guess. For example, maybe it's a more evenly distributed pattern of 1s and 0s.

But regardless, the previous code's initial guess was setting 1s every other point for n_points=70. That would give 35 ones, which meets the sum constraint. However, this might not be optimal. Instead, a more evenly spaced pattern would be better. For example, a greedy approach where each 1 is placed as far as possible from the previous one.

But generating such a pattern programmatically could be done. For example, starting with the first 1 at position 0, then the next at position 2, then 4, etc. But that's what the previous code did. However, perhaps a better initial guess could be a sequence where 1s are spaced in a more optimal way. For example, using a pattern that alternates between 1 and 0 with some variation.

Alternatively, using a mathematical function to generate the initial guess. For example, using a sine wave with certain parameters. For instance, a sine function that is 0.5 between 0 and 1, and then 1 and 0 in the same way. However, this would require careful scaling.

But given the time constraints, maybe the best way is to use the initial_h_values provided and build upon it. However, the previous code's initial_h_values might not be optimal.

Wait, the problem says that the initial_h_values is available when the parent construction exists. So, in the code, if 'initial_h_values' is present, we should use it. So, the initial guess is that. If that's not available, we create a simple one.

But the user's previous code had an initial_h_values that was a periodic pattern. Maybe we can improve on that.

Another idea: using a more sophisticated initial guess. For example, arranging the 1s in the h array such that they are periodically spaced but with some variation. For example, placing a 1 at position i, then the next at i + period, but the period is chosen to be as large as possible. However, this would be similar to the initial guess.

Alternatively, use a more randomized initial guess where the positions of the 1s are chosen to spread out as much as possible. For example, using a random permutation of the positions and selecting the first n_points/2.

But again, how to do this in code without hardcoding.

Alternatively, use a binary pattern where the 1s are placed at positions that are as evenly spaced as possible. For example, in the case of 70 points, the ideal spacing between 1s would be 2 units. However, since the domain is [0, 2], and there are 70 points, the distance between consecutive points is 2/70. So, placing the 1s every 2 points would give a spacing of 2*(2/70) = 4/70 = 0.057... in the domain. But this is not helpful for the overlap.

Wait, perhaps I should think of the positions where h is 1. For example, if I can place them such that each 1 is as far as possible from the others in the domain, then shifting the function by a certain amount would minimize overlap.

But this is getting too abstract. Maybe it's better to focus on the code.

The previous code used COBYLA optimization. Perhaps switching to a different algorithm, like SLSQP, which allows for more control over constraints and might converge faster.

Another thing to consider is the number of iterations. The previous code ran 275 iterations, each taking 4 seconds. That's 1100 seconds. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the perturbation steps would help, but the budget is tight.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method, such as gradient-based optimization. But the previous code already uses COBYLA, which is a gradient-free method.

Another idea: after generating a perturbed h, instead of directly optimizing it with COBYLA, perform a few local steps with a gradient-based method. But again, this depends on the problem's nature.

Alternatively, use a different perturbation strategy. For example, instead of adding Gaussian noise, use a more structured perturbation, like swapping elements or adjusting them in a way that maintains the sum constraint.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to say.

Perhaps the main issue with the previous code is the initial guess. The initial guess is a very structured pattern, which might not be optimal. If we can find a better initial guess, the optimization could converge to a better solution.

So, maybe creating a better initial guess by placing the 1s in a more optimal pattern. For example, in the initial guess, instead of every other point, place them in a way that they are evenly spaced. How can this be done?

For example, with n_points = 70, the ideal spacing between 1s would be 2 / (n_points/2) = 4/70 ≈ 0.057. But since the domain is [0,2], placing the 1s at regular intervals would mean positions like 0, 0.057, 0.114, etc. But since we're sampling at 70 points, each step is 2/70 = 0.0286. So, the ideal spacing between 1s is 2 steps (approx 0.057). So, placing 1s every 2 steps. But that's exactly what the previous code did. Hence, the initial_h_values is a periodic pattern with 1s every other step. This might not be optimal, so perhaps a different starting pattern could be better.

But how to generate a better initial guess? Maybe using a random selection of positions, but ensuring that they are spread out. For example, using a "greedy" approach to select points that are as far as possible from existing points.

However, this would require more complex code. But perhaps, for the initial guess, instead of placing every other point, use a random selection of positions, sorted, and then bring them closer to evenly spaced. For example, randomly select n_points/2 positions, then sort them and adjust to spread them out.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to enhance the previous code by making the initial guess better and adjusting the optimization parameters.

Let me think about the code again. The previous code has the following steps:

1. Initialize h with a periodic pattern of 1s every other point.
2. For each iteration:
   a. Perturb h with Gaussian noise.
   b. Clip and scale to meet the sum constraint.
   c. Apply COBYLA optimization.
   d. Track the best solution.

The main problem with this approach is that the initial guess might be a local minimum, and the perturbations might not explore the solution space enough. Also, the COBYLA method might get stuck.

An alternative approach could be to use a more effective initialization. For example, using a random initial guess where the positions of the 1s are selected to spread out as much as possible. However, generating such an initial guess could be done by:

- Selecting n_points/2 positions randomly, then sorting them and adjusting them to be as evenly spaced as possible.

But how to do this in code. For example, using a sorted list of the positions and then adjusting them to be as spread out as possible. But this would take more code.

Another idea: using a different initial guess where h is not binary. For example, starting with a smooth function that is 0.5 between 0 and 1, and then varying it. But the problem allows h to have any values between 0 and 1.

Wait, the previous code uses a binary initial guess. Maybe using a smoother initial guess could lead to better optimization results.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to say. Perhaps, given the time, the best approach is to improve the previous code by:

1. Using the initial_h_values if available.
2. Improving the perturbation and projection steps.
3. Using more efficient optimization parameters.

Additionally, adjusting the COBYLA settings to converge faster.

Another improvement could be to use a different perturbation pattern, like adding noise in a way that keeps the sum constraint, but that's similar to what's being done.

Another thing to note is that the current code uses the same perturbation for all iterations, decreasing the sigma over time. Maybe adjusting the perturbation strategy or the number of iterations could help.

Also, the previous code only uses COBYLA, but maybe using a combination of methods, such as first doing a global optimization with random perturbations and then refining with COBYLA.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code as follows:

- Use the initial_h_values if available.
- Improve the projection step to better handle the sum constraint.
- Use a more effective perturbation strategy.
- Increase the number of iterations or adjust the iteration parameters.
- Maybe use a different optimization algorithm.

But since the user is asking for an improved code, and the previous code didn't achieve the desired C5 bound, we need to make significant changes.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed n_points of 70, maybe try with a different number of points. The previous code used n_points = 70. Maybe a larger n_points would allow for a better approximation, but the time budget is 1100 seconds. However, the user wants to minimize the n_points to keep it faster.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial code's n_points is not optimal. Let's think: the goal is to find a construction with less than 1k samples. So, n_points = 100 could be possible, but that might consume more time. However, with the budget of 1100s, perhaps the code can process it.

But without knowing the exact performance, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, for the code, use a higher number of points, but with more efficient perturbation steps.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization approach. For example, using the scipy.optimize.minimize function with different methods like SLSQP or L-BFGS-B, which can handle constraints more effectively.

But COBYLA is a derivative-free method, which may not be as efficient as others. If the problem has a smooth objective, using a gradient-based method could be better.

But in this case, the objective function is the maximum correlation. The maximum of a continuous function might be difficult to optimize with gradient methods. However, the previous code minimizes the maximum by optimizing the function to reduce the highest value.

Another thing to note is that the previous code uses the np.correlate function, which might be inaccurate for small n_points. However, the code seems to handle it.

Given all this, perhaps the main issues are:

1. The initial guess is not optimal.
2. The perturbation and optimization steps are not thorough enough.
3. The optimization method could be improved.

To address these, here's a plan:

- Use the initial_h_values if available. If not, generate a better initial guess by spreading out the 1s more evenly.
- Use a combination of random perturbations and a global optimization method.
- Use a more effective optimization algorithm, such as SLSQP, with tighter constraints.
- Adjust the perturbation parameters to allow for more effective exploration.
- Increase the number of iterations or adjust the cooling schedule.

But given the time constraints and the need to fit within the code limit, here's how the code can be modified:

Instead of using COBYLA for all iterations, perhaps use a global optimization method for the initial steps, then switch to a local optimizer. However, without a specific method, it's hard.

Alternatively, try using a different initial guess and adjust the perturbation scheme.

For example, in the initial guess, instead of placing the 1s every other point, use a more evenly spaced pattern. Let's think: for n_points = 70, the ideal spacing between 1s would be such that each 1 is as far as possible from the others. This is similar to spacing them at positions that are spaced every 2 units divided by the number of 1s. For example, if there are 35 ones, then the spacing between consecutive 1s would be 2 / 35 ≈ 0.057. Since each step is 2/70 = 0.0286, this would mean placing a 1 every 2 steps (since 0.057 / 0.0286 ≈ 2).

But this is what the previous code did. So, no improvement there.

Alternatively, using a different pattern, like a binary sequence with 1s placed at positions that are as evenly spread as possible. For example, using a greedy algorithm to select positions:

- Start with the first position at 0.
- Then select the next position as far from the first as possible (e.g., 2, then 4, etc.).
- Repeat until all 35 positions are selected.

This would be the same as the previous code's initial guess.

So, perhaps the initial guess is optimal in terms of spreading the 1s. However, the problem is that the initial guess might be a local minimum. To escape it, the code should perturb the initial guess more effectively.

But how to do this. Maybe increasing the perturbation size initially and decreasing it over time, as the code does, is a good approach.

In the previous code, the perturbation size starts at 0.05 and decreases linearly. Maybe increasing it to 0.1 for the first iterations could allow for more exploration of the solution space.

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimizer. For example, instead of COBYLA, use the SLSQP method, which may handle constraints better and provide faster convergence.

Let me try modifying the code to use SLSQP with constraints.

But the constraints in this problem are:

1. 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 for all i.
2. sum(h) = n_points / 2.

These are bounds and an equality constraint. So, in SLSQP, we can handle these with bounds and constraints.

So, modifying the code to use SLSQP instead of COBYLA could lead to better results.

Another possible improvement is to use the previous code's structure but with adjusted parameters. For example:

- Using a larger number of iterations.
- Adjusting the perturbation sigma.
- Using a more effective optimizer.

Additionally, after generating a perturbed h, instead of directly optimizing it, perhaps perform a few steps of optimization, then perturb again, leading to a more effective search.

But again, time is limited.

Putting this together, the new code would:

- Use the initial_h_values if available, else generate a better initial guess.
- For each iteration, perturb the current best solution.
- Clip and scale to meet the sum constraint.
- Use SLSQP for optimization, which may find better minima.
- Track the best solution.

Let me also consider adjusting the number of iterations and perturbation parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations to explore more of the solution space.

Another thing to note is that the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 70, but maybe a different n_points (e.g., more or fewer) could be better. However, the problem states that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So, n_points=70 is acceptable.

So, modifying the code to use SLSQP and adjust the perturbation parameters.

Also, in the previous code, the initial_h_values were set to have 1s at every other point. If those are available, use them. Otherwise, create a different initial guess.

But given the problem statement says that initial_h_values is provided in the parent construction, I should use it directly. Therefore, the code can use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

In conclusion, the main changes to the code would be:

1. Use SLSQP optimization instead of COBYLA.
2. Adjust the perturbation parameters for better exploration.
3. Use a more effective initial guess.
4. Increase the number of iterations or adjust the budget.

Now, translating this into code:

Implementing the run function with these changes. Use SLSQP, adjust the perturbation parameters, and ensure the constraints are properly handled.

Let me draft the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
from scipy.stats import norm

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 70
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    initial_h = initial_h_values if 'initial_h_values' in globals() else np.zeros(n_points)
    
    # Scale initial guess if it's not binary and meets the sum constraint
    if not hasattr(initial_h, '__array__') or initial_h.size == 0:
        initial_h = np.zeros(n_points)
        for i in range(n_points // 2):
            initial_h[i*2] = 1.0
    initial_h = initial_h * (target_sum / np.sum(initial_h)) if np.sum(initial_h) > 0 else initial_h
    
    def objective(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * (2.0 / n_points)
    
    def constraint_sum(h):
        return np.sum(h) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0)] * n_points
    best_h = initial_h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(initial_h)
    time_used = 0
    max_iter = int(budget_s / 2)
    
    for iter in range(max_iter):
        # Perturb current best with Gaussian noise
        sigma = 0.1 * (1 - iter / max_iter)
        h_perturbed = best_h + np.random.normal(0, sigma, n_points)
        h_perturbed = np.clip(h_perturbed, 0.0, 1.0)
        
        # Adjust sum constraint with clipping and element-wise adjustment
        def adjust_sum(h):
            while np.sum(h) > target_sum:
                h[np.argmax(h)] -= 1e-5
            while np.sum(h) < target_sum:
                h[np.argmin(h)] += 1e-5
            return h
        
        h_perturbed = adjust_sum(h_perturbed)
        
        # Local optimization with SLSQP
        result = minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=h_perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum},
            options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        # Early stopping
        time_used += 2
        if time_used >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```