Okay, so I need to think about how to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is about 0.38085, and my previous approach got 0.381003. I need to find a better construction that lowers this value even more.

First, I'll recap the problem. We need to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral with its shift. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1 everywhere. Discretized, this becomes finding a vector h of size n_points with elements between 0 and 1, summing to n_points/2, and minimizing the maximum of the correlation between h and (1-h) at all possible shifts.

The previous approach used a perturbative method with COBYLA. It started from an initial guess, perturbed it with some noise, and then optimized. But maybe that approach isn't finding the global optimum because it's getting stuck in local minima, especially since the problem is non-convex due to the product terms in the correlation.

So, I need a different strategy. Maybe instead of starting from the initial guess and perturbing, I can look for a structured solution. That structured approach might help avoid local optima by focusing on patterns that naturally reduce overlap.

Let me think about the nature of the overlap. The overlap integral for shift k is essentially summing h[i]*(1 - h[i+k]) for all valid i. To minimize the maximum of this over all k, I want h to have regions where it's 1 and regions where it's 0 in such a way that when you shift it, the overlap doesn't get too large.

Perhaps using a periodic structure with varying on and off intervals could help. But to avoid fixed periodicity leading to some overlaps, maybe overlapping intervals or varying lengths could be better. Another idea is to arrange the 1s and 0s in a way that, for any shift, the number of overlapping 1s and 0s is balanced.

Wait, maybe a deterministic approach where the 1s are spread out as evenly as possible. For instance, in the initial guess provided, the 1s are placed every other point, but that's a bit rigid. Perhaps a more random or randomized approach, but with some structure, could yield a better result.

Another angle: Since the cross-correlation involves both h and (1-h), the problem is symmetric around certain points. Maybe I can construct h such that h and (1-h) have minimal mutual correlations. This symmetry might lead to a more balanced distribution of overlaps.

One approach is to initialize h with a certain pattern, like placing 1s and 0s in a structured way, then optimize. Maybe using a pattern where the 1s are spaced out more evenly but with some variability. Alternatively, perhaps I can model this as a quadratic program because the objective involves products, but quadratic terms can be convex or non-convex depending on the setup.

Wait, considering the problem is non-convex, maybe a more effective way is to use a two-phase approach: first find a good initial guess using a heuristic, then use a local optimizer to fine-tune. The previous method does this in a way by perturbing and optimizing, but maybe a different initial construction can help.

Let me think about the initial_h_values. If I have access to it, perhaps it's better to use that as a starting point but modify it in a structured way. Maybe flipping some points from 1 to 0 and others from 0 to 1 in a way that reduces the overlaps.

Another thought: the problem has a lot of symmetry. For each shift k, the correlation is measured. If I can make the overlap as uniform as possible across different shifts, that might minimize the maximum value.

So maybe the goal is to make all the cross-correlation values as equal as possible, avoiding any peaks. This equalizing could be a good strategy. It's similar to anti-aliasing in signal processing, where you spread out the energy to prevent any single point from being too large.

How can I measure the current distribution of cross-correlations? I could compute the histogram and see where the overlaps are high. Then, adjust h to reduce those high overlaps.

But without being able to recompute, I need an approach that inherently tends to equalize the overlaps. Perhaps using a convex relaxation or entropy maximization could help, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, maybe I can model this as an optimization problem with the objective being the maximum cross-correlation, subject to the constraints. But with the problem being non-convex, standard convex solvers won't find the global optimum.

I recall that the previous approach used COBYLA, which is a local optimizer. Perhaps switching to a global optimizer, like basin-hopping, would help escape local minima. But I'm limited by the time budget, so maybe a combination of local optimizations with multiple starting points could improve the result.

Alternatively, maybe the step function can be modeled using a Fourier basis, expressing h as a combination of sinusoids. This could lead to a smoother solution, but I'm not sure how to translate that into the discretized version.

Wait, maybe I should consider a different initial configuration. For example, instead of placing 1s every other point, I can distribute them more evenly but with some random perturbations. Then, use an optimization method to adjust their positions.

Another idea is to use a probabilistic approach, where each point independently takes a value in [0,1], and then enforce the constraints. But this might require a more sophisticated sampling method.

Alternatively, I can model the problem using binary variables for h (0 and 1) and then relax the problem to a continuous one, allowing h to be in [0,1]. The binary approach would be exact, but computationally expensive, especially for larger n_points.

Wait, in the discretized version, h is in [0,1], so perhaps we can treat it as a continuous variable. However, the problem remains non-convex.

Maybe I can approximate the objective function or find upper bounds. For example, using linear relaxations or Lagrangian methods to handle some parts of the problem.

Let me think about the cross-correlation. The max over all shifts can be considered as the maximum of many linear functions (for each shift k, the sum h[i]*(1-h[i+k])). This is a piecewise-linear function, so perhaps I can use cutting-plane methods or other techniques for minimizing maxima of linear functions.

Alternatively, perhaps using gradient-based methods to directly minimize the maximum cross-correlation. This would involve computing gradients with respect to h for each shift and updating h accordingly.

I think the key is to find an initial h that's already a good candidate, then use a robust optimization method to refine it. The previous approach's problem might be that the initial guess isn't good enough, leading the optimization to get stuck.

So, perhaps I can use the same structure as before but with a different perturbative strategy. Maybe instead of using Gaussian perturbations, I can perform more directed mutations, like swapping 1s and 0s in a way that reduces the overlap.

Wait, another angle: the problem is related to discrepancy theory, where we want to arrange points (or 1s) such that their distribution is as uniform as possible across all possible shifts. Maybe using techniques from discrepancy can help, like low-discrepancy sequences or specific point arrangements.

In the initial approach, the perturbation was Gaussian, but perhaps a more strategic perturbation could have a better chance of finding a lower C₅. For example, directed perturbations based on the gradient of the objective function with respect to h.

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of different optimization methods: first a global search to explore the space, then a local search to exploit promising areas.

But I'm constrained by the time budget. So, I need an approach that is efficient and can be implemented within the given 1100 seconds. Also, the code must be concise and fit within the libraries allowed.

Perhaps a good alternative is to use the same COBYLA-based approach but with a more sophisticated initialization. For instance, starting from the initial_h_values but also considering other structured patterns, like placing 1s in a staggered manner or with varied intervals.

I think the main improvement would come from a better initial guess that is closer to the optimal h. Therefore, I should focus on constructing such an initial h and then using local optimization to refine it.

In summary, my plan is:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point but apply a structured perturbation to create multiple initial candidates.
2. For each candidate, run the COBYLA optimizer to refine it.
3. Select the best result from all candidates.

Alternatively, I can create a new structured initial guess that's based on a more uniform distribution of 1s, then use COBYLA to adjust it.

Another idea is to model the problem as a graph where each shift corresponds to a constraint, and find the h that minimizes the maximum constraint. But I'm not sure how to model that.

Maybe I can exploit the symmetry of the problem by considering only positive shifts, since shifts k and -k would be similar. This could reduce the computational effort.

But I think the most practical approach is to use a more sophisticated initialization, possibly perturbing the initial_h_values in a way that spreads the 1s out more evenly, then using COBYLA with careful settings to find a better minimum.

So, in the code, I can create multiple initial guesses, each perturbed differently, and run COBYLA on each, keeping track of the best result. This way, I explore multiple regions of the search space and increase the chance of finding a better C₅.

I should also consider adjusting the optimizer's settings, like the tolerance and maximum iterations, to allow it to converge better.

Wait, another thing: the previous approach clipped and scaled the perturbed h to ensure the sum is correct. Maybe I can find a better way to maintain the constraints without distorting the perturbation too much.

For example, instead of clipping and then scaling, maybe I can use a projection method that ensures both the sum and the bounds are satisfied. This might help maintain better properties of the perturbation.

In terms of the mathematical representation, I think the problem is well-defined, but ensuring that the constraints are handled correctly is crucial. The previous approach handles it by clipping and scaling, but perhaps a more precise projection is needed.

So, maybe during the perturbation, I can randomly select some points to swap between 0 and 1, ensuring that the overall sum remains n_points / 2. This deterministic swapping could lead to a more controlled perturbation.

Alternatively, perturb each h[i] by a small amount, then project onto the feasible set by ensuring 0 ≤ h[i] ≤1 and sum(h) = n_points /2.

Wait, the projection onto the simplex (sum constraint) is a bit tricky. The standard way is to compute the Lagrange multiplier for the equality constraint and adjust the elements accordingly. But since h is also bounded, it's a more complex projection.

In the previous approach, after perturbing, it clips and scales. That is:

h_perturbed = np.clip(h_perturbed, 0.0, 1.0)
h_perturbed = h_perturbed * (ones_count / np.sum(h_perturbed))

But this can lead to significant changes if the perturbation causes the sum to be too different. Maybe a better approach is to use a projection that respects both constraints without scaling too much.

I remember that projecting onto the intersection of the hypercube [0,1]^n and the hyperplane sum x_i = c can be done with more precision. The method involves first clipping to [0,1], then adjusting the elements to enforce the sum constraint.

If after clipping, the sum is S, and c is the target sum (ones_count), then if S == c, we're done. If S < c, we need to increase some elements. Similarly, if S > c, we need to decrease some.

This could involve finding the elements that have the least increase or decrease needed. For example, if S < c, we can increase the smallest elements until the sum reaches c. Similarly, if S > c, we decrease the largest elements.

This method ensures that we distribute the necessary adjustments more evenly, preserving as much of the perturbation as possible.

In code, implementing this projection would involve sorting the clipped h, then adjusting the lower or higher elements accordingly. It's a bit more involved but ensures a more accurate projection.

So, in the perturbation step, I would clip h_perturbed to [0,1], then adjust it to ensure the sum is exactly ones_count. This adjustment could be done by first clipping, then if the sum is too low, incrementing the smallest elements; if too high, decrementing the largest.

This would create a more valid and feasible perturbation, which might lead to better optimization results.

Another idea is to run multiple instances of the optimizer in parallel, each with different starting points, and then take the best solution found. But since I have only one CPU available, this isn't feasible. So, I need to focus on a single sequence of optimizations with multiple perturbations.

Putting it all together, the approach would be:

1. Start with the initial_h_values.
2. Generate multiple perturbed versions of h, each by a small random change, then project onto the feasible set using the precise projection method.
3. For each perturbed h, run COBYLA to optimize the objective function.
4. Track the best solution found across all perturbations.
5. Terminate when the time budget is exhausted.

This way, by exploring multiple perturbed starting points, I can increase the chance of finding a lower C₅.

I should also consider the number of perturbations and the extent of perturbation (sigma) to control exploration. Maybe start with a larger sigma and decrease it over time to allow for both exploration and exploitation.

But since the code needs to run within 1100 seconds, I need to balance the number of perturbations and the time spent on each optimization.

In the previous code, each iteration involved a perturbation and a COBYLA run with 200 iterations. That took about 4 seconds per iteration. With a budget of 275 iterations, this gives a good number of starting points.

So, perhaps I can keep the same structure but improve the projection method and the way h is perturbed. This would require modifying the perturbation step to perform a better projection, ensuring that the constraints are met without distorting the perturbation too much.

In summary, the key changes I can make are:

- Improve the perturbation process with a better projection method that maintains the constraints accurately.
- Possibly increase the number of perturbations or adjust the perturbation size to explore the space more thoroughly.

By implementing these changes, I can potentially find a better h that leads to a lower C₅.

Another point to consider is that the cross-correlation function is being evaluated at all possible shifts, including negative and positive. To minimize the maximum, perhaps the solution needs to balance the overlaps across all these shifts, which a more uniform distribution of 1s can achieve.

So, focusing on creating an initial h that spreads the 1s as uniformly as possible, then optimizing, would be beneficial.

Perhaps using a low-discrepancy sequence, like a Sobol sequence, to place the 1s. But in a way that the sum constraint is satisfied.

Alternatively, using a deterministic structured pattern, such as a Sturmian sequence, which is known for its low discrepancy.

But given the time constraints, implementing such patterns might be complex.

So, I'll stick with the approach of using the initial_h_values, perturbing it with careful projection, and using COBYLA with multiple starting points to find a better minimum.

Finally, to ensure the solution is feasible, I must verify that the resulting h satisfies 0 ≤ h[i] ≤1 and sum(h) = ones_count exactly.

I think this strategy addresses the limitations of the previous approach by improving the perturbation and projection steps, allowing for a more effective exploration of the solution space and a better chance to find a lower C₅.
</think>

<strategy>
1. Approach and rationale
The Erdős minimum overlap problem requires finding a step function h on [0, 2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral with its shifted version. The previous approach used perturbative COBYLA optimization on an initial guess but achieved limited improvement. This strategy proposes a more systematic method, leveraging structured initialization and advanced projection to better explore the solution space.

2. Mathematical specification
The objective is to minimize:
$$C_5 = \max_k \left( \sum_{i=0}^{n_points-1} h[i](1 - h[i+k \mod (2n_points - 1)]) \right) \times (2.0 / n_points)$$

Constraints:
- $0 \le h[i] \le 1$
- $\sum_{i=0}^{n_points-1} h[i] = n_points / 2$

3. Implementation procedure
The approach involves iteratively generating perturbed versions of the initial guess, projecting them to satisfy constraints, and optimizing each with COBYLA:

a. Initialize with `initial_h_values`, scaled to sum to $n_points / 2$ if necessary.

b. For each iteration:
   i. Perturb h with Gaussian noise of decreasing intensity ($\sigma = 0.05 \times (1 - \text{iter} / \text{max\_iter})$).
   ii. Clip perturbed h to [0, 1], then project to meet the sum constraint using a two-step projection:
      - Clip to [0, 1].
      - If sum > target, decrement largest elements.
      - If sum < target, increment smallest elements.

c. Optimize each projected h with COBYLA, tracking the best solution.

4. Search choices and useful variations
- Number of iterations: 275
- Perturbation size: starts at 0.05, decays linearly
- COBYLA settings: maxiter=200, ftol=1e-9, eps=1e-8

5. Compute budget and robustness
Each iteration uses ~4s, with 275 iterations completing in ~1100s. Early stopping on time constraints retains the best valid candidate.

6. Validation and return contract
Final h is validated by recomputing C₅ and ensuring sum(h) = $n_points / 2$, with each h[i] ∈ [0, 1]. Results are returned with the objective value and points count.
</strategy>