<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the goal is to get lower than that, like 0.380876. The previous code used a simulated annealing approach with a population of candidate solutions, perturbing and optimizing. But maybe I can do better by changing the strategy.

First, I need to understand the problem again. The task is to find a step function h over [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k is minimized. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)) dx, and we need to find the h that makes this maximum as small as possible. The best way to approach this is through optimization, but the problem is non-convex and challenging.

The previous code used a population-based approach with perturbations and Nelder-Mead optimization. But perhaps that's getting stuck in local minima. Maybe I can use a different optimization method, like gradient descent with constraints, or use a more structured approach. However, the problem's non-convex nature makes it difficult for standard methods.

Another idea is to use a more structured initial guess. The initial_h_values provided by the parent might be a good starting point, but maybe there's a way to generate better initial points. For example, using a periodic pattern or carefully adjusting the positions of 1s and 0s to spread out the function h(x) more evenly. Since the integral must be 1 over [0,2], the average value of h is 0.5, but with step functions, we might have regions where h is 1 or 0 and transitions in between.

Wait, the previous code tried 70 points. Maybe reducing the number of points could help? Wait, but the user says smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. However, the current record uses n_points=70. Maybe trying a different n_points, like 50 or 100, could give better results. But given the time budget, 1100 seconds, maybe 70 is manageable.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization algorithm. The previous code used Nelder-Mead, which is a derivative-free method. Maybe using a more sophisticated method like interior-point optimization with constraints, or using gradient-based methods with projected gradients. However, implementing that might be complicated.

Another thought: the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the integral of h(x) - h(x)h(x +k) dx. Since the first term is ∫h(x)dx = 1, the overlap integral is 1 - ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx over all k. So, the problem becomes maximizing the minimum over k of the cross-correlation between h and itself shifted by k.

Hmm, cross-correlation. So, perhaps I need to design h such that its cross-correlation with itself is as high as possible, but over all lags. But the overlap integral is 1 minus that. Wait, no, the overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. Which is ∫h(x) dx - ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx. The first term is 1, so the overlap integral is 1 - ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, to minimize the maximum overlap integral over all k, we need to maximize the minimum ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx over k. So the problem becomes a maximin problem: maximize the minimum of the cross-correlation across all lags.

But how do I approach this? Maybe using a more direct optimization approach. For example, using a sparse design of h where h is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged in a way that the cross-correlation is minimized. However, the function is a step function, so perhaps using a pattern that avoids overlaps.

Another idea: since the function h is over [0,2], maybe we can model it with a periodic pattern. For example, dividing the interval into parts where h is 1 or 0 in a way that the shifts don't cause high overlaps. For instance, if h is 1 on intervals of length 1/2, spaced so that they don't align when shifted by certain k. But the exact placement would need careful design.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? Maybe using a genetic algorithm, but again, the user's code must be efficient. Alternatively, using a Simulated Annealing approach, which is what the previous code did, but with better parameter tuning.

Alternatively, consider using a gradient-based method with constraints. Since the problem is non-convex, but perhaps we can use a proximal gradient method with projected subgradients. However, implementing that might be complex.

Let me think about the previous code's approach. It had a population of candidate solutions, perturbing them and using Nelder-Mead optimization. Maybe the issue is that the optimization is getting stuck in local optima. To avoid that, maybe using a more global search strategy, like differential evolution, which is better at escaping local optima.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first use a global search to find a good initial guess, then refine it with a local optimizer. Differential evolution might be better here.

Let me consider the constraints. The function h must be a step function, so each h[i] is either 0 or 1, or have some values in between. Wait, the problem states that h is a step function, but in the discretization, it's represented by n_points samples. So the h can take any values between 0 and 1, not just steps. However, the initial code used a step function with 0.5 as a starting point, but maybe the optimal solution requires more precise placement.

Another idea: the problem is similar to designing a set of points where the overlap between h and h shifted by k is minimized. So perhaps using a binary representation where h is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere. For example, splitting the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 1 or 0, arranged to minimize overlap when shifted.

But how to translate that into the optimization? Maybe using a binary variable approach, but for large n_points, that's not feasible. Alternatively, using a set of intervals where h is 1, designed to spread out the 1s so that shifted versions don't overlap too much.

But given that the user's code uses a continuous optimization approach with h as a vector of real numbers between 0 and 1, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing algorithm with better parameters and a different optimization method.

In the previous code, the main loop uses a population-based approach, which might not be the most efficient. Let me think about possible improvements. For example, using a better initial guess. The initial_h_values provided by the parent is a starting point. Maybe generating a better initial guess by adjusting the positions of the 1s and 0s to spread them out more.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, instead of Nelder-Mead, using a L-BFGS method with constraints, but handling the constraints properly. However, the problem is that the constraints are nonlinear, and the optimization is non-convex, so standard methods might not work well.

Wait, the previous code uses the Nelder-Mead method with the objective function being the maximum of the cross-correlation. However, Nelder-Mead can get stuck in local optima. Maybe using a different optimization approach, such as the SLSQP method in scipy.optimize, which can handle constraints. But the problem is that the objective is to minimize the maximum of several values, which is a bit tricky.

Another approach is to consider that the maximum overlap is the maximum over all shifts k of the integral. So we can model this as a minimax problem. To handle this, perhaps we can use a penalty method where the objective is the maximum of the overlaps plus some penalty for violating the integral constraint. However, the integral constraint is linear, so maybe it's manageable.

Alternatively, for each candidate solution, we compute the maximum overlap, and the goal is to minimize that. So, during optimization, we can use the maximum overlap as the objective function.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing algorithm. Let's see: the previous code uses a population of solutions, perturbing and optimizing. Maybe increasing the population size or adjusting the parameters like the temperature, sigma, and the number of iterations could lead to better results. Also, using a different optimization method for the subproblems could help.

Wait, the previous code had a step where it evaluated the objective function using np.correlate, which might be a bit slow. But given that n_points is 70, the computation is manageable.

Another thought: the previous code used a fixed number of points (70), but maybe trying a different number of points could lead to better results. For example, using a smaller number of points (like 50) to speed up the optimization and allow more iterations within the time budget. However, the user's target is 0.380876, which is very close to the current record, so maybe increasing the number of points could provide more precision.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values is provided, but maybe generating a better initial guess by applying some transformations. For instance, using a pattern where the function h(x) is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged to spread out the overlaps.

But how to generate such a pattern? For example, if the interval [0,2] is divided into m intervals, each of length 2/m, and h is 1 in certain intervals. The total integral is 1, so the total length of intervals where h is 1 should be 1. So, for example, if m=5, then we have 5 intervals of length 0.4 each, and select one of them to be 1. However, this is just an example, and the actual optimal pattern may not be this simple.

Alternatively, using a binary approach where h is 1.0 in certain positions and 0.0 elsewhere. For instance, for n_points=70, the function h would have 35 points with 1.0 and 35 with 0.0. This would make the integral exactly 1 (since sum is 35 and dx=2/70=1/35, so sum * dx = 35 * (1/35) = 1). This is a binary step function. However, such binary functions may not be optimal, but they could be a good starting point for optimization.

The previous code used a starting point of all 0.5, but maybe a binary pattern would be better. For example, splitting the interval [0,2] into 35 intervals of length 0.0571... and setting h to 1.0 on certain intervals. However, the exact selection would need to be optimized.

But implementing a binary step function as an initial guess might help. However, the problem is that the code uses a continuous optimization, so the initial guess might be a binary vector.

But the user's current code uses initial_h_values if available. So perhaps modifying the initial guess to be a binary pattern. However, the code's initial_h_values is provided, but the user says to use it directly. So if the initial_h_values is not available, the code uses a full of 0.5. So if the parent construction provides that, we can start from there.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is affected by shifts, the function h should be designed so that when shifted by a certain amount, the overlap is minimized. For that, the function h should be "spread out" in a way that avoids overlapping with itself when shifted. This is similar to the concept of a "sparse" set of points where the spacing between the points is chosen to minimize overlaps.

But how to translate that into a step function?

Perhaps, distributing the positions where h is 1.0 as evenly as possible. For example, if we have 35 intervals of 1.0, then their positions should be spread out so that when shifted by any k, they don't overlap. However, due to the nature of the interval [0,2], this is not possible for all shifts, but we can try to minimize the maximum overlap.

So, if the 1s are placed at positions that are as spread out as possible, perhaps the overlap when shifted will be minimized.

This suggests that the initial guess could be a binary vector where the 1s are spaced periodically. For example, placing a 1 every other point, but in a way that the average over the interval is 0.5.

But with 70 points, having 35 ones would mean that every other point is 1. But that would create a regular pattern with very high overlap when shifted by 1, since shifting by one would make the new 1s align with the previous ones. Hence, that's not good.

Alternatively, distributing the ones in a way that they are as far apart as possible. For example, if we have 35 ones, then spacing them with 0s between them. For 70 points, this would mean a 1 every two points. But again, shifting by one would cause overlaps.

Hmm. Maybe this approach isn't working. Let's think of another way.

The problem is similar to designing a binary code with certain properties. For example, in communication theory, sequences with low cross-correlation are used to minimize interference. Perhaps this is a similar problem, where the sequence h(x) is a binary sequence (since it's a step function) that maximizes the minimum cross-correlation, which is equivalent to minimizing the overlap integral.

In that case, the solution might be similar to a binary sequence with low cross-correlation. For example, using a Barker code, which has ideal auto-correlation properties. However, Barker codes are short and for specific lengths. For longer sequences, they may not exist.

Given that the interval is [0, 2], and the function is sampled at n_points positions, the optimal sequence would be one that has the lowest maximum cross-correlation.

But how to generate such a sequence?

For example, for a sequence of length N with M ones, such that the cross-correlation with itself is minimized. This is a known problem in coding theory. However, finding such sequences is non-trivial, and for arbitrary lengths, it might require optimization.

But given that the problem is discrete and the code needs to be efficient, perhaps using a simulated annealing approach with a better initial guess would be better than the previous code.

So, going back, the previous code's approach is to use a population of solutions, perturbing and optimizing with Nelder-Mead. Let's think about how to improve that.

Maybe increasing the population size, using more efficient perturbations, or a better cooling schedule. Also, instead of using Nelder-Mead for each perturbation, perhaps using a gradient-based method with constraints.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the subproblems. For example, using the SLSQP method in scipy.optimize, which can handle constraints.

Wait, the previous code uses the Nelder-Mead method for each perturbed candidate, which is derivative-free but may not converge well. Using a constrained optimization method that can handle the integral constraint and the bounds on h[i] could lead to better results.

But given the time constraints, perhaps modifying the code to use a different optimization method and adjusting parameters would be better.

Let me outline the steps for the new approach:

1. Use a population-based approach with differential evolution (DE) as the optimization method, which is better at finding global optima compared to Nelder-Mead.

2. The initial guess is based on the provided initial_h_values, which might be a binary pattern or a random one. If not available, use a binary distribution where ones are spread out.

3. For each candidate solution, compute the maximum overlap integral. The objective is to minimize this value.

4. Use the differential evolution algorithm to optimize the parameters of h, subject to the constraints that sum(h) = n_points / 2 and h[i] ∈ [0, 1].

5. Use a reduced number of points, like 70, for faster computation within the budget.

Implementing this would require using scipy's differential evolution, which can handle bounds and constraints. However, the objective function is non-linear and non-convex, so convergence might be slow. However, DE is known to be effective for complex optimization problems.

But how to structure this in code? The code must return a vector h of length n_points, with sum 35 (for n=70), and each element between 0 and 1.

The steps in code would be:

- Initialize the population with the initial_h_values if available, otherwise generate a binary vector.

- Define the objective function as the maximum of the cross-correlation values.

- Use differential evolution to optimize the vector h to minimize the objective function.

- Since DE is a global optimizer, it might find better solutions than the previous approach.

However, differential evolution requires that the objective function is differentiable or at least can be evaluated for any candidate. The previous code's approach with a population and perturbations might be more feasible in this case.

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm with crossover and mutation, but that might be more complex.

Another idea: the previous approach had a population and used a cooling schedule. Maybe combining differential evolution with a population-based approach, where each individual is optimized and then the best is kept, while allowing some mutations.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to use the previous code's structure but replace the optimization method with a more efficient one. For example, using the SLSQP method with constraints to optimize the objective function.

Wait, the problem is that the objective function is non-convex and has multiple local minima. So, using a local optimization method might not find the global minimum. However, using a global optimization method like differential evolution might be better.

So, modifying the previous code to use differential evolution:

- The main loop would generate a population and evaluate the objective function.

- For each individual in the population, we could run a differential evolution optimizer, but that might be too slow.

Alternatively, the entire population is optimized using differential evolution, which handles the constraints.

But how to handle the constraints sum(h) = 35 and each h[i] ∈ [0,1]. Well, the bounds for differential evolution can be set as (0,1) for each element, and then a constraint that the sum is exactly 35. But handling this constraint in DE might be challenging, as DE operates on the bounds. However, the sum can be enforced by using a penalty function in the objective.

But in the code, the constraints are handled via feasibility projection, which recovers the sum to 35. However, integrating this into a global optimization method could be complex.

Alternatively, during the optimization process, after each step, enforce the sum constraint by adjusting the variables. This is similar to the previous code's feasibility projection.

But given all that, perhaps the initial approach of using a population with perturbations and local optimization is better, but with improved parameters and a more effective local optimizer.

In the previous code, the Nelder-Mead method was used. Maybe replacing it with a different local optimizer, such as COBYLA, which can handle bounds and constraints.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method, which can handle equality constraints.

But in the previous code, the constraints are handled via a feasibility projection after each optimization step.

So, perhaps integrating the equality constraint into the optimization process.

For example, in the code, after perturbing the initial guess, the feasibility projection ensures that the sum is 35. Then, during the optimization, using a method that handles equality constraints.

But the code as written uses the feasibility projection after each step. So, perhaps the previous code's approach is a combination of perturbation and feasibility projection, along with local optimization.

Therefore, to improve upon the previous code, I need to adjust the parameters, perhaps using a better local optimizer, or a different population management strategy.

Another possible improvement is to use a different initial guess. For example, if the initial_h_values is not available, generating a more optimal starting point. For instance, placing the ones in the function h as evenly as possible.

For n_points=70, the function h has 35 ones and 35 zeros. To spread them out, place them at positions that are as far apart as possible. This is similar to placing intervals of length 1 (since the integral is 1) over the interval [0,2]. So spacing the ones so that their centers are as far apart as possible.

For example, if the ones are placed in intervals of length 1, spaced equally. Wait, integrating over [0,2], the total area under h is 1. So, the length of the intervals where h is 1.0 should be 1.0. For example, if h is 1.0 in the interval [0,1], then the integral is 1, and the rest is 0. But this would have high overlap when shifted by 1.0, leading to higher C5.

Alternatively, distributing the 1s in intervals spread across the [0,2] interval. For example, having 35 intervals, each of length (2 / 35) * 1, so the total length of 1s is 1. This is not feasible as the intervals are discrete. Alternatively, using a more uniform distribution.

But since the function is sampled at 70 points, perhaps distributing the 1s as evenly as possible would be better.

For example, if I create an initial guess where the 1s are placed at positions i * (2 / 35) for i from 0 to 34, but that would result in overlapping when shifted. So, this might not be the best approach.

Alternatively, using a ternary pattern or some other arrangement. However, without knowing the exact optimal structure, it's hard to proceed.

Given the time constraints and the need to produce code that can be executed within the budget, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code. For instance, increase the number of iterations, adjust the temperature schedule, and use a better local optimizer.

Let me consider modifying the code:

1. Replace the Nelder-Mead optimizer with a more efficient one, like the SLSQP method in scipy.optimize, which can handle constraints.

2. Adjust the parameters like the initial temperature, cooling rate, and perturbation size to find better solutions.

3. Increase the population size and the number of iterations to allow more exploration.

But integrating the constraints into the optimization is critical. The previous code uses a feasibility projection after each step, which ensures that the sum is 35 and all values are within [0,1].

So, the main code structure could be adjusted as follows:

- Use a population of candidate solutions, initialized with initial_h_values if available.

- For each candidate, perform local optimization with a method that handles constraints.

- Use a cooling schedule to gradually reduce the perturbation size.

But without knowing the exact details of the optimization method, it's challenging to proceed.

Alternatively, maybe the previous code's approach is not efficient enough. So, trying a different strategy.

Let me think about another idea: since the overlap integral is the maximum over all k, perhaps we can find for each k, the value of the integral, and find the h that minimizes the maximum of these values.

This is a minimax problem, which can be approached by optimization.

But how to handle all the k's? For a fixed h, computing the maximum overlap is required. The number of possible shift k's depends on the sampling. For n_points=70, the possible shifts are from k=-n_points+1 to n_points-1, which is about 140 shifts. For each h, we need to compute the correlate and take the maximum.

This is computationally intensive, but with the code optimized, it may be manageable.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a more efficient optimization method, possibly switch to using a different optimizer, and tune parameters to find better results.

In the previous code, the Nelder-Mead method was used with option xatol=1e-6, maxiter=100. Perhaps increasing the maxiter or reducing the xatol could help, but that would take more time.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method, which can handle the constraints better. For example, defining the constraints as sum(h) = 35, and 0 <= h[i] <= 1.

So, in the code, for each perturbed solution, we can use a constrained optimization method. However, for the global optimization, we might need to use a different method.

But integrating this into the existing population-based approach might be complex. However, for the sake of improving the results, let's proceed with this idea.

The code would look something like:

- For each perturbed solution, define a constrained optimization problem where the objective is the maximum overlap integral, and the constraints are sum(h) = 35 and 0 <= h[i] <= 1.

But since the objective is to minimize the maximum overlap, this is a non-convex problem, and the optimizer may get stuck in local minima.

However, using a more sophisticated method might yield better results.

In code, the previous approach uses feasibility projection, which sets the sum back to 35 after each perturbation. This ensures the constraint is met.

So, modifying the previous code to use the SLSQP method for each optimization step.

But in the previous code, the objective function is defined as the maximum overlap integral. To use SLSQP, we need to pass the constraints and bounds. So, the code would need to redefine the optimization part.

However, this is getting complex, and time is limited.

Another idea: simplify the code. The previous code had a main loop that alternates between perturbing the population and optimizing each candidate. Maybe focusing on a single optimization method with the feasibility projection.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimizer like the L-BFGS-B method with bounds. But again, handling the sum constraint is tricky.

Given the time constraints, I'll proceed by modifying the previous code to use a different optimization method and adjust parameters. For instance, using the SLSQP method with the constraints sum(h) = 35 and bounds [0,1] on each h[i]. The objective is the maximum overlap integral.

But how to implement this? The code would need to use scipy.optimize.minimize with method='SLSQP', setup the constraints, and handle the bounds.

Let me draft this part of the code:

For each perturbed solution h_perturbed, the code would run:

res = minimize(objective, h_perturbed, method='SLSQP', constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda x: np.sum(x) - 35}], bounds=[(0, 1) for _ in range(n_points)])

But the objective function is the maximum overlap, which is a non-smooth function, and SLSQP may not handle it well. The maximum function is not smooth, so the gradient-based method may not converge properly.

This is a problem. The objective function is the maximum of several values, which is not differentiable at the points where the maximum switches between terms. Hence, using gradient-based optimization may not work well.

Thus, the previous approach of using a local optimization method with Nelder-Mead might still be the best option, as it is derivative-free and can handle non-smooth objectives.

Given all that, perhaps the best approach is to proceed with the previous code's structure but adjust parameters to improve performance. For example, increasing the number of iterations, adjusting the sigma, temperature, and perturbation parameters.

The previous code had a time budget of 1100 seconds, with max_iter set to 1000 (budget_s // 25). For n_points=70, each iteration is about 25 seconds. But in practice, the code may take less time. Increasing the number of iterations may allow better exploration.

Alternatively, using a smaller number of points, like 50, to speed up computation. For example, n_points=50, which would have sum(h) = 25. This could be faster, allowing more iterations within the time budget.

Let me try modifying the code to use n_points=50 and see if it can find a better solution.

Another possible adjustment: using a different initial guess. If the initial_h_values is available, use it. Otherwise, generate a binary vector where the ones are distributed to minimize overlap. For example, spread them evenly.

But how to generate such a vector? For n_points=50, the initial vector could have 25 ones evenly spaced. For example, placing a 1 at every other position: [1,0,1,0,...], which would distribute them evenly. This initial guess might be better than the all 0.5 guess.

So, modifying the initial guess to be a binary vector with ones and zeros alternately.

But the initial code uses initial_h_values if available. If not, it uses all 0.5. So, if the initial_h_values is not available, we can create an initial guess with 1s at even indices and 0s at odd indices, or vice versa.

This is a possible improvement.

In summary, here's the plan:

- Use n_points=50 for faster computation.

- Create an initial guess with evenly spaced 1s and 0s.

- Use a population-based approach with perturbations and a more efficient local optimizer.

- Adjust the parameters of the optimization (temperature, sigma, etc.) to allow better exploration.

- Use a different local optimizer, like the SLSQP or L-BFGS-B, with bounds and constraints.

But since the objective function is non-smooth, the best approach may still be to use a derivative-free optimizer like Nelder-Mead, which is what the previous code uses.

In that case, the code can be adjusted to use a smaller n_points, increase the number of iterations, and use a better initial guess.

So, the final code would be similar to the previous one, but with tuned parameters and possibly a different initial guess.

Now, translating this into code, I would write:

- Define n_points=50.

- Create an initial guess as a binary vector (alternating 1 and 0).

- Use the same population-based approach with perturbations and Nelder-Mead optimization.

- Adjust the temperature, sigma, and number of iterations to fit within the time budget.

- Return the best solution found.

This would likely be faster and allow more iterations, potentially leading to a better C5 value.

Another possible adjustment is to use a different initial guess based on the initial_h_values. If available, use it; otherwise, use the binary vector.

However, the user says to use the initial_h_values directly. So, assuming that the initial_h_values is available, we can proceed with that.

In conclusion, the improved code would use a smaller n_points, a better initial guess, and adjusted optimization parameters to find a better C5 bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
from scipy.stats import norm

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 50
    ones_count = int(n_points / 2)
    initial_h = initial_h_values if 'initial_h_values' in globals() else np.zeros(n_points)
    if n_points % 2 == 0:
        initial_h[::2] = 1.0
    else:
        initial_h[::2] = 1.0
        initial_h[-1] = 0.0
    population = [initial_h.copy()]
    
    def objective(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * (2.0 / n_points)
    
    def feasibility_proj(h):
        h = np.clip(h, 0.0, 1.0)
        if np.sum(h) > 0:
            scale = ones_count / np.sum(h)
            h = h * scale
        return h
    
    def perturb(h, sigma, temp):
        return feasibility_proj(h + np.random.normal(0, sigma * temp, n_points))
    
    T0 = 1.0
    alpha = 0.999
    sigma0 = 0.25
    time_used = 0
    max_iter = int(budget_s // 30)
    
    for iter in range(max_iter):
        if len(population) < 50:
            for _ in range(50 - len(population)):
                perturbed = perturb(initial_h, sigma0, T0)
                population.append(perturbed)
        else:
            population.sort(key=lambda x: objective(x))
            keep_ratio = 0.4
            top = population[:int(len(population) * keep_ratio)]
            population = top.copy()
        
        best = population[0]
        temp = T0 * alpha ** iter
        sigma = sigma0 * alpha ** iter
        
        for h in population:
            h_perturbed = perturb(h, sigma, temp)
            res = minimize(objective, h_perturbed, method='Nelder-Mead', options={'xatol': 1e-7, 'maxiter': 100})
            if res.success and objective(res.x) < objective(best):
                best = res.x
        
        population = [best] + [perturb(best, sigma * 0.5, temp * 0.5) for _ in range(49)]
        time_used += 30
        if time_used >= budget_s:
            break
    
    best_h = population[0]
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```