<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral by finding a step function h that satisfies the constraints. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe there's a better way.

First, I should understand the problem again. The overlap integral is calculated using the correlation of h and 1-h. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is even lower.

The previous approach tried multiple initial guesses, including binary spaced and evenly spaced points. But maybe a different strategy can lead to better results. What if I use a different optimization algorithm? Or maybe a more efficient way to explore the search space?

I remember that for such optimization problems, especially with constraints, using a combination of global and local search methods can be effective. The previous code used differential evolution for global search and SLSQP for local refinement. Perhaps I can adjust the parameters or try different algorithms.

Another thought: the initial_h_values are given, maybe I should start with that and consider perturbations around it. But also, maybe trying different starting points like regular patterns or other heuristics could help avoid local minima.

Wait, the problem says that the previous code had a C₅ of 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. I need to get lower than that. Let me think about possible strategies.

Maybe using a more sophisticated optimization method, like using a genetic algorithm with better mutation and crossover strategies. Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to sample promising regions more effectively.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, and only one CPU, I need to make the code as efficient as possible. Differential evolution might be too slow if the budget is tight. Maybe using a combination of a few initial guesses and then refining them with SLSQP.

Another idea: the overlap integral is maximized over shifts k. For each k, the integral is the area where h(x) is 1 and 1-h(x+k) is 1, which is where h(x) is 1 and h(x+k) is 0. So, the overlap is the sum over x of h(x)* (1 - h(x +k)). To minimize the maximum of these over k.

So, maybe I can model this as a problem where I need to arrange the function h to have minimal maximum overlap over any shift. How can this be structured?

Perhaps, the function h should be designed such that the regions where h is 1 and 0 are spread out enough that any shift doesn't cause a large overlap. For example, if h is a series of non-overlapping intervals, but since the integral is 1 over [0,2], the total length of those intervals is 1. So, the function would be a step function with some intervals set to 1 and the rest 0, but arranged to minimize the maximum overlap.

Wait, the previous code used initial_h_values with n=45 samples. Maybe trying a different number of points could help. For instance, using fewer points (like 40 or 50) might be more efficient. But the code is supposed to use the initial_h_values if available, which is n=45. So I should stick with that.

Another approach: instead of using all the previous methods, maybe focus on a different initialization. For example, creating a function h that is periodic or has some symmetry. Let me think about the structure of h. If the function is symmetric, maybe the maximum overlap can be minimized.

Alternatively, using a greedy approach: iteratively adjust the function h to reduce the maximum overlap. But how to implement this?

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method, like using the SLSQP with better initial guesses, but with more iterations. But the previous code already tried that.

Wait, the problem mentions that using different starting points could help avoid local optima. The previous code tried some other guesses, like binary spaced and even spaced. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses would help. However, generating them might take time.

Another idea: Since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. Maybe designing h to have regions where it's 1 and 0 alternately, but with spacing that's optimal. For example, placing intervals of 1 and 0 in such a way that shifting by any k would not cause too much overlap.

But how to model this? It's a bit abstract. Maybe using a regular pattern, like placing 1s in intervals spaced by a certain distance. For example, suppose we divide [0,2] into m intervals. Then, the length of each interval is 2/m. But since the integral is 1, the total length of 1s is 1. So, if there are m intervals, perhaps having a certain number of them set to 1.

But this is getting a bit vague. Let's think about the code structure again. The current approach uses differential evolution and SLSQP, but maybe adjusting the parameters could lead to better results.

What if I reduce the number of function evaluations in differential evolution? Or maybe use a more efficient initial guess?

Alternatively, I can use a combination of multiple optimization methods. For example, first perform a global search with differential evolution, then refine the best solution with SLSQP. Also, maybe adding more initial guess points from different constructions.

Wait, the initial code tried some even and binary spaced guesses, but perhaps adding other structured initial guesses like a specific pattern could help.

Another thing: the code uses the initial_h_values, which might already be a good starting point. So, maybe focusing the refinement around that, but with more aggressive perturbations.

Alternatively, maybe applying some regularization in the optimization to avoid sharp changes, which could lead to better stability.

But I need to write code that fits within the given constraints. Let me think about how to structure the code.

The previous code had a 'run' function that starts with initial_h_values, generates a few guesses, then uses SLSQP and differential evolution.

Let me try modifying that code. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses, but not too much. Also, adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods.

For example, changing the population size in differential evolution, or the number of iterations. Also, using a more efficient convergence criteria.

Alternatively, instead of using differential evolution, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) method. But scipy doesn't have PSO in the standard library. Wait, the user said to use scipy, numpy, and cvxpy, but perhaps the code can use scipy's optimize functions.

Wait, the user allowed the use of scipy.optimize, so maybe using differential evolution with some parameter tweaks.

Another thought: the maximum overlap is a convex function? Or maybe not. Since the problem is to minimize a maximum of several functions, it's a non-convex problem. Hence, optimization is challenging.

Perhaps trying to use a more efficient optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, but that's not guaranteed to work.

Alternatively, considering that the objective function is the maximum of several integrals, perhaps precomputing the integrals for different shifts and then trying to minimize that maximum.

Wait, but in the code, the evaluation uses np.correlate, which computes the cross-correlation of h and 1-h. The full mode gives all possible shifts. Then, the maximum of those values multiplied by dx gives the C5 value.

So the code correctly computes the overlap integral for each shift and takes the maximum.

But considering that the correlation is over all k, maybe the maximum occurs for certain values of k. For example, the maximum overlap might be achieved when the shift is such that the two functions overlap as much as possible.

Hmm. To find a good h, I need to ensure that for any shift k, the overlap is small.

An alternative approach is to model this as a variational problem. However, that might be too abstract for code.

Let me think about the code structure again. Perhaps the previous code's optimization is too slow. To speed it up, maybe using a lower number of iterations for the differential evolution, and more refinement steps.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess, such as a uniform distribution of 1s and 0s, but arranged in a way that their positions are spaced apart.

Wait, maybe the initial_h_values is already a good starting point. If I can refine it further with better optimization steps, perhaps I can get a better result.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP for refinement, which is local, perhaps using a global optimization method for refinement, but that might be too slow.

Alternatively, using a parameter tuning approach where we adjust the positions of the 1s and 0s in h to minimize the maximum overlap.

But how to model this as an optimization problem. For example, if h is represented as a vector of 0s and 1s, then the problem becomes a combinatorial optimization. However, with n=45, that's 2^45 possibilities, which is impossible. So, we need to relax it to a continuous optimization problem.

So, the code is already doing that by allowing h to take any values between 0 and 1.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points). If the initial_h_values has n=45 points, perhaps trying different n_points could help. However, the problem says that the initial_h_values is provided (n=45), and the code should use it directly.

Wait, the problem states that the previous code uses n=45, and the user is to improve upon that. So, maybe keeping n=45 is better than trying to change it, as the user prefers sequences with less than 1k samples, and 45 is low.

So, the code will continue using n=45.

Now, to improve upon the previous code, perhaps the approach is to use a better optimization strategy. The previous code uses multiple initial guesses, then differential evolution and SLSQP refinement. Maybe the previous code didn't run the differential evolution for enough iterations or with sufficient population size.

Let me think about the code's differential evolution part. The code calls optimize.differential_evolution with popsize=60, maxiter=70, etc. But perhaps increasing the maxiter or popsize could help, but within the time budget.

But the time budget is 100 seconds. If the code is too slow, it might not complete. The previous code has a time check: if time is running out, it returns early. So, I need to make the code as efficient as possible.

Another idea: instead of using differential evolution, maybe use a more efficient method for the initial exploration, like a genetic algorithm with a fast implementation. However, scipy's differential evolution may be the best available.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach for the parameters. But again, without a suitable library, that might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a coordinate descent method, iterating through each point of h and adjusting it to minimize the maximum overlap. However, this could get stuck in local minima.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a sequence with certain properties to minimize the maximum cross-correlation. This is similar to the concept of binary sequences with low autocorrelation, like in radar or communications. However, in this case, it's a continuous function, but the approach of using structured patterns might be useful.

For example, in radar, Barker codes are used to minimize the autocorrelation. Perhaps a similar approach can be used here, but with a continuous function instead of a binary sequence.

However, I'm not sure how to translate that into this optimization problem.

Let me think about the code again. The previous code tries multiple initial guesses, then uses differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe I can try adjusting the parameters of the optimization steps to get better results.

For example, in the SLSQP part, decreasing the tolerance or increasing the number of iterations could lead to a better solution. But that might take more time.

Alternatively, using a more aggressive perturbation during the initial guesses.

Another thing: the code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point, but perhaps the optimal solution is not very different from that. So, focusing the optimization around that initial guess might help.

Wait, in the previous code, the guesses list starts with initial_h.copy(), then appends some other guesses. Maybe adding more initial guesses generated from different patterns could help. For example, creating a structured guess where h is a periodic function with a certain period, ensuring that the overlaps are minimized.

Alternatively, creating a guess where h has a certain number of intervals of 1s and 0s, spaced to minimize overlaps.

But how to generate such guesses algorithmically?

For example, let's imagine that the function h has m intervals of 1s, each of length l, arranged in such a way that they are spaced apart. The total integral is m*l = 1. Then, the length of the intervals is 1/m. The spacing between the intervals would need to be such that shifting by any k doesn't cause overlap between the intervals.

But this is a bit abstract. For example, if we have m intervals of length l, spaced with gaps. The maximum overlap would be when the shift k brings an interval into the next one.

But calculating the optimal spacing is non-trivial.

Alternatively, maybe using a randomized approach to generate the initial guesses. For example, randomly placing the intervals of 1s in the [0,2] interval, ensuring that the integral is 1.

But again, without knowing the optimal structure, this might not be effective.

Alternatively, the code could use a different method for generating initial guesses. For example, generating several different patterns, such as:

1. Uniform distribution of 1s and 0s.
2. Regular spaced intervals.
3. A binary pattern with alternating 1s and 0s.
4. Pseudorandom pattern.

But since the code is supposed to be compact and efficient, generating these patterns algorithmically with NumPy could be feasible.

But given that the code must be concise, maybe it's better to focus on modifying the optimization parameters and the initial guesses.

Another idea: the previous code has a line that generates even and binary spaced guesses. Maybe generating more guesses by varying the number of points and spacing.

But I need to code this in a way that's efficient and fits within the constraints.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the main starting point and then applying a few perturbations to it.

Let me think about the code structure again. The code currently:

- Uses initial_h_values as the first guess.
- Adds several other guesses (like binary spaced, even spaced, and perturbed versions).
- Runs differential evolution on those guesses.
- Then runs SLSQP refinement on the best solution.

To improve this, perhaps:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses, especially those that are structured in a way that could lead to better solutions.
2. Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution to run more efficiently within the time budget.
3. Use a different optimization method for refinement, such as using a global search in combination with local refinement.

But considering the time constraints, I need to find a balance between exploration and exploitation.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations for the optimization methods. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in the SLSQP step could lead to better results, but again, time is a constraint.

Alternatively, changing the optimization method. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method for the refinement steps, which is a simplex-based method that doesn't require gradients.

But the code currently uses SLSQP, which is a constrained optimization method. Maybe that's necessary due to the constraints.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, using differential evolution and then refine with SLSQP.

In the previous code, after generating several guesses with differential evolution, they refine with SLSQP for a few iterations.

Perhaps modifying the code to use more efficient refinement steps, or precompute more guesses.

Another thing to consider: the objective function and the constraints are smooth, so using a gradient-based method like SLSQP is appropriate, but the initial guess can greatly affect the result.

So, the key is to get a good initial guess.

The initial_h_values might already be a good guess, so focusing on refining it could be better.

Another idea: instead of using random perturbations, use a structured perturbation, such as adjusting the positions of spikes in h to reduce overlap.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to implement.

Another possible improvement: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal solution is a function that is periodic or has certain symmetries. For example, a function that is symmetric around 1.0 and has intervals that are evenly spaced.

If I can create such a guess, then the code can try it as an initial guess.

For example, suppose the function h has equal intervals of 1 and 0, arranged symmetrically. But since the integral must be 1, it's not straightforward.

Alternatively, creating a function that has high values in regions that are spaced apart. For instance, placing 1s in places that are spaced more than a certain distance apart.

But again, without knowing the optimal spacing, it's challenging.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values and trying to optimize it with more iterations of SLSQP.

In the previous code, the SLSQP refinement runs for 4 iterations. Maybe increasing that number could help.

But again, time is a constraint.

Another thought: The evaluation of the objective function (the maximum overlap) is expensive, especially with high precision. Perhaps approximating the objective function or using a faster evaluation method could save time.

For example, using a faster way to compute the cross-correlation, but in the current code, np.correlate is already used, which is efficient.

So, I think the main improvements to be made are:

1. Use more effective initial guesses that are structured, not just random perturbations.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms to better explore the search space.
3. Use a combination of different optimization methods to find a better solution.
4. Ensure that the code completes within the time budget by optimizing the number of iterations and population sizes.

Let me try to code these improvements.

First, the initial guess is the initial_h_values. The code adds a couple of other guesses. Maybe generating more structured guesses, like placing the 1s in evenly spaced intervals.

But how to generate such a guess? For example, create a guess where the 1s are placed at specific points to minimize overlap.

Alternatively, if the function h is made up of m intervals where it is 1, each of length l, such that m*l=1. The spacing between the intervals can be adjusted to minimize the maximum overlap.

For example, if m is 3, l=1/3, then spacing between intervals can be such that when shifted by k, the overlaps are minimized.

But calculating this is complex. However, this might be something that can be coded as an initial guess.

Alternatively, generating multiple initial guesses with different structures, such as:

- The initial guess.
- Evenly spaced intervals of 1s.
- Randomly placed intervals of 1s.
- Binary spaced intervals (like the code currently does).

But again, I need to code this in a compact way.

Alternatively, generate a guess with 1s at the initial_h_values positions, but with some modifications.

Another idea: using the initial_h_values as a base and then applying a filter to adjust the 1s to be more spaced out.

But this is vague.

Alternatively, given that the previous code had a certain C5 value of 0.381142, trying to find a better value by modifying the code's optimization parameters.

Maybe increasing the maxiter in the SLSQP refinement steps.

In the code, the SLSQP refinement has maxiter=100. Maybe increasing that to 200 or more.

But the code has a check that if the time is running out, it returns early. So, perhaps adjusting the number of refinement steps to balance between exploration and time.

Another possible change: change the optimization method in the SLSQP step to use a different tolerance or eps value.

Alternatively, adding more initial guesses from different constructions.

In the previous code, the initial guesses are the initial_h_values, some even spaced guesses, and some random perturbations. Perhaps adding more guesses by varying the spacing or number of intervals.

But to make it compact, the code can generate these guesses algorithmically.

For example, adding a guess where the 1s are placed at positions spaced 0.5 apart, etc.

Alternatively, generate guesses with different numbers of 1s, but that might not be feasible.

Another thing to consider is that the current code may not be exploring the search space sufficiently. For example, using a different mutation strategy in the differential evolution or increasing the population size.

But if the code runs out of time, it might return a suboptimal solution.

So, the plan is:

- Keep the initial_h_values as the primary guess.
- Generate additional guesses that are structured, like evenly spaced intervals.
- Use differential evolution with a higher population size and more iterations, but within the budget.
- Refine the best solution with SLSQP with more iterations or tighter tolerances.

Let me modify the code accordingly.

First, adjust the number of initial guesses. For example, generate more structured guesses.

In the code, the guesses list starts with initial_h.copy(), then adds guesses with evenly spaced and binary spaced patterns, and perturbations.

Perhaps adding more guesses like:

- A guess with more evenly spread 1s.
- A guess with larger gaps between 1s and 0s.

But how to generate that?

An example could be placing the 1s in the initial_h_values but skipping certain positions. Or creating a guess that has the 1s placed at specific intervals.

But since the code is to be compact, I need to find a way to generate these guesses algorithmically.

For example, creating a guess where the 1s are placed at specific positions.

Alternatively, using a guess that is similar to the initial_h_values but with adjustments.

But perhaps the most effective way is to increase the number of initial guesses and use more diverse patterns.

In the current code, the guesses are:

guesses = [initial_h.copy()]
for m in [10, 12, 14, 16]:
    ... generate evenly spaced guess
for m in [10, 12, 14, 16]:
    ... generate binary spaced guess
then add some random perturbations.

Maybe adding more even and binary spaced guesses for different m values.

But given time constraints, it's better to keep it manageable.

Another possible change: in the SLSQP refinement, instead of running for a fixed number of iterations, perhaps using a adaptive approach that runs more iterations if the improvement is significant.

But without having access to the previous best solution, this is difficult to implement.

Alternatively, increase the maxiter in the SLSQP refinement steps.

So, modifying the code's SLSQP refinement steps to use more iterations.

Another thing: the code has a time check if we are running out of time, and returns early. To ensure that the code doesn't finish too early, perhaps reducing the number of guesses and focusing on the most promising ones.

Overall, the key changes to make would be:

- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP to allow more iterations or better convergence.
- Add more structured initial guesses to explore different search areas.
- Refine the best solution more thoroughly.

Let me now write the code with these adjustments.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(initial_h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = initial_h.copy()
    
    def objective(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_uniform(m):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, m+1)
        idxs = np.searchsorted(x, np.linspace(0, 2, n_points))
        h_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
        for i in idxs:
            if i < n_points:
                h_guess[i] = 1
        return h_guess
    
    guesses = [initial_h.copy()]
    for m in [10, 12, 14, 16, 18]:
        guesses.append(generate_uniform(m))
    
    for _ in range(3):
        noise = np.random.uniform(-0.2, 0.2, n_points)
        perturbed = np.clip(initial_h + noise, 0, 1)
        guesses.append(perturbed)
    
    for guess in guesses:
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, guess, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8})
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 60:
        return best_h, best_c5, n_points
    
    def refine_with_slsqp(h_init):
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, h_init, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else h_init
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(objective, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.7, tol=1e-9)
        if res.success:
            res_slsqp = refine_with_slsqp(res.x)
            if objective(res_slsqp) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(res_slsqp)
                best_h = res_slsqp
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```