<think>
Okay, let's try to figure out how to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get even lower, like 0.380876. The existing code uses a combination of guesses based on different waveforms and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, I need to understand the problem again. We need to find a step function h over [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by different k's. The integral is calculated as the max over k of the integral of h(x)*(1-h(x+k)) dx. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1.

The previous code starts with an initial_h_values and uses various guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves) and then optimizes them with SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe this approach isn't exploring enough of the search space or isn't efficient enough to find a better solution within the time budget.

So, what are some ways to improve this? Let's think about different strategies.

Perhaps instead of starting with initial guesses based on waveforms, using a more systematic approach. Maybe using a genetic algorithm with a better mutation strategy? Or using a more efficient optimization method. Alternatively, trying to find a structure in the optimal function that can be parameterized.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points) and the initial_h_values is given with n=45. Maybe using a different n_points could help. For example, using a higher number of samples might allow for more precise optimization but would be computationally more expensive. However, the problem says that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred for speed. So maybe sticking with a lower n is better.

Wait, the current code uses n_points as the length of initial_h_values. But maybe trying different n_points could lead to better results. However, since the initial_h_values is fixed, perhaps we can't change that. Or maybe not. The problem states that the user can start from the current construction, which is initial_h_values. But perhaps there's another initial construction that could be better.

Alternatively, maybe instead of using SLSQP and differential evolution, using a different optimization method. For example, using Bayesian optimization with a surrogate model, which could be more efficient in the time budget. But implementing that might be complex.

Another idea: the overlap integral involves the maximum over k of the convolution. So, perhaps the problem can be transformed into a problem of minimizing the maximum of these convolutions. Maybe using a Fourier transform approach? Since convolution in time domain is multiplication in frequency domain. But since we have a maximum over different shifts, this might be tricky.

Alternatively, maybe we can model the problem as a constrained optimization problem where we minimize the maximum overlap, subject to the integral constraint. But how to approach this?

The previous code uses SLSQP with an equality constraint on the sum of h. But maybe adding more constraints or using a penalty method to handle the maximum. However, since the maximum is a non-convex function, it's challenging.

Another approach: maybe using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) or a genetic algorithm, which can explore the search space more efficiently. However, those methods are more computationally intensive and might not fit within the 100s time budget, especially with higher n_points.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed n_points (the length of initial_h_values). Let's check: the initial_h_values is 45 samples, so n_points is 45. But the problem says that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe using a lower n_points, like 48, could be better. But if initial_h_values is fixed, we can't change that. Or perhaps the user can generate a different initial configuration.

Alternatively, maybe the previous code is not efficient enough. For example, using a different initial guess that's closer to the optimal solution could help. The initial_h_values might be a starting point, but perhaps there's a better initial guess that can be generated.

Wait, the previous code generates some initial guesses based on pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe trying a different set of initial guesses could lead to a better solution. For example, using random initializations with more diversity, or using a more informed guess based on known constructions for similar problems.

Another idea: The Erdős problem is related to the distribution of the function h such that it overlaps minimally with its shifts. The optimal function might have a certain periodic structure, or maybe it's a combination of different pulses arranged in a way that minimizes the maximum overlap.

Perhaps using a binary optimization approach where the function h is a step function with a specific structure, such as having a certain number of intervals where the function is 1, and others where it's 0. But since h is a step function, maybe trying to model it with a small number of intervals.

Wait, the problem allows h to be any step function, but in the discretized version, it's a vector of values between 0 and 1. So maybe trying to find a binary h (0 or 1) would be easier, but the integrals might not be as accurate. However, the previous code uses continuous values, which allows for better optimization.

Alternatively, maybe using a mix of binary and continuous values. But not sure.

Another thought: The current code uses a lot of different guesses and then optimizes them. However, the number of guesses is limited. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or using a more systematic way to generate them would help.

Wait, maybe using a grid search over certain parameters, like the frequencies and duty cycles, but that could be too slow. Alternatively, using a more efficient method to generate initial guesses.

Another approach: Since the integral of h is fixed, the problem is similar to a resource allocation problem. We need to allocate the integral of 1 over [0,2] to the function h in such a way that when shifted by any k, the overlap is minimized. Perhaps this can be modeled as a covering problem or something similar.

Alternatively, using a greedy approach where we iteratively adjust the function h to reduce the maximum overlap. But this might not be efficient for the time constraints.

Another idea: The maximum overlap integral corresponds to the maximum of the convolution of h with 1-h. So if we can find an h that is as "spread out" as possible, avoiding overlaps with its shifts. For example, if h is a function that has equal parts 1 and 0, but arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. Like a pattern that repeats every certain interval.

But how to translate that into a function h that can be optimized?

Hmm. Maybe considering the function h as a sum of delta functions (Dirac deltas) but since we are working with step functions, it's more of a piecewise constant function. So perhaps the optimal h is a set of intervals where it is 1, spaced in a way that their shifts don't overlap too much.

But how to model that in the optimization. Maybe the optimal solution is to have intervals of 1 that are separated by enough distance so that when you shift by any k, the overlap is minimized.

But the problem requires that the integral of h is exactly 1. So the total length of the intervals where h is 1 must be exactly 1 (since the integral over [0,2] is 1). The length of the domain is 2, so the average value of h is 0.5. But the overlap depends on how these intervals are placed.

For example, if we have four intervals of length 0.25 each, spaced apart, then shifting by certain amounts might reduce the overlap. But this is very hand-wavy.

Alternatively, thinking about the problem as a covering problem where the shifts of h's support don't overlap too much. But again, not sure.

Another idea: The current code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe adding more constraints or regularization could help. For example, ensuring that the function h is smooth or has certain properties. But in the discretized version, smoothness is not directly applicable.

Alternatively, trying to use a probabilistic model or Bayesian optimization to find the optimal h. But again, time is a constraint.

Another thought: Maybe the previous code can be improved by using a more efficient optimization method. For example, the SLSQP might get stuck in local minima. Perhaps using a different optimization algorithm, like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, which are more robust for certain types of problems. Or perhaps using a hybrid approach where we first do a global search (like differential evolution) to find a good starting point, then use a local optimizer like SLSQP to refine it.

Wait, the current code uses differential evolution for some iterations, and then SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in the differential evolution step could find a better solution. But the time budget is tight.

Another possible improvement is to use multiple starting points and run the optimization from different initial guesses. The previous code generates some initial guesses, but perhaps generating more could help.

Also, maybe using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the convolution or using a more optimized method. The current code uses np.correlate, which might not be the most efficient, but perhaps for the given n_points, it's acceptable.

Wait, the problem says that the evaluation is done with np.correlate with mode 'full'. Let me check what that does. For two arrays a and b, the full mode of convolution would compute the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. So the overlap integral for a shift k would be the value at position k in the correlation result. However, the code multiplies by dx, which is 2.0 / n_points. So the correct way is to compute the max over the correlation values multiplied by dx.

But the correlation function might be computed with a certain alignment. For example, when k is such that the shift brings the two functions into alignment. However, the exact details might be correct.

So maybe the code's way of computing the correlation is correct.

Now, considering all this, what can we do to improve the code?

Let me think about the previous code's approach. It starts with initial guesses, which include various waveforms, and then uses SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. But perhaps using a better initial guess would help. For example, using a more informed initial guess based on known lower bounds or structures that are likely to be optimal.

Another idea: The previous code uses a fixed number of guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, etc.), but maybe generating more random initial guesses could help explore the space better. Also, varying the parameters of these guesses might lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a multi-start optimization approach with a larger number of initial guesses. But this could be computationally expensive.

Another approach: Using a metaheuristic such as genetic algorithms, which can explore the search space more broadly. But implementing a genetic algorithm is time-consuming, especially within the time budget.

Wait, the previous code already uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method. Maybe adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution. For example, increasing the population size, or allowing more iterations. However, the time budget is tight, so we have to balance between exploration and computational cost.

Alternatively, using a different optimization strategy. For instance, using a combination of gradient-based and derivative-free methods. The current code uses SLSQP (gradient-based) and differential evolution (derivative-free). Maybe combining them in a smarter way.

Another thought: Since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the maximum is achieved at certain specific shifts. Maybe identifying those shifts and focusing the optimization on those could help. For example, if we can find the shifts k that are most problematic and adjust h to minimize their overlap.

But how to know which shifts are important without knowing h in advance? That's a chicken-and-egg problem.

Another idea: Maybe instead of using the full convolution, precompute for each possible shift k the overlap and then try to minimize the maximum of those values. However, with a large n_points, this could be feasible.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model to approximate the objective function and optimize it more efficiently. For example, using a Gaussian process to model the objective function and then performing Bayesian optimization. But this is more complex and may not fit in the time constraints.

Another possible improvement: The current code uses multiple iterations of the differential evolution and then a few more SLSQP steps. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution and/or the number of SLSQP refinements could yield a better result. However, the previous code already does that within the time limit.

Wait, looking at the previous code, after generating initial guesses, it runs differential evolution for 3 iterations, and then some more SLSQP steps. Maybe that's not enough. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution, but again, time is a constraint.

Alternatively, trying to use more efficient SLSQP settings. For example, reducing the tolerance or changing the method's parameters. Or using a different optimization method like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm.

Another thought: The initial_h_values provided is a starting point, but maybe generating a better initial guess by modifying it. For example, using the current initial guess and perturbing it slightly to create new candidates.

But without knowing the specific values of initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the problem says that the user can start from initial_h_values directly. So perhaps generating initial guesses based on that could be better.

Alternatively, trying to use a different approach for generating initial guesses. For example, instead of generating pulses and sawtooth waves, generating random step functions that have a certain structure. For example, ensuring that the function has a certain number of intervals where it's 1, and others where it's 0, but the exact number is not specified.

But how to generate such functions algorithmically?

Another idea: Since the integral of h is 1, and the domain is [0,2], the total "length" of the intervals where h is 1 must be exactly 1. So for example, if we divide [0,2] into intervals and assign 1s to parts of it, ensuring the total length is 1. But how to distribute these intervals to minimize the overlap when shifted.

This seems similar to the problem of spacing out the intervals to minimize overlaps. For example, if you have multiple intervals of 1, spaced apart, then their shifts would overlap less. But the exact distribution depends on the number and length of intervals.

However, without knowing the optimal configuration, it's hard to model. But perhaps starting with a certain number of intervals and optimizing their positions and lengths could be a feasible approach.

For example, if we consider dividing the domain [0,2] into several intervals where h is 1, and the rest are 0. Let's say we have m intervals. The total length of these intervals must be 1. Then, the problem becomes distributing these intervals such that when you shift them by k, the overlap is minimized.

But how to model this with the optimization problem. The previous code uses a continuous step function, which allows for more flexibility, but maybe a fixed number of intervals could be easier to optimize.

But this might be more complex. Another approach is to use the existing code's continuous optimization and try to find a better solution by adjusting the initial guesses and the optimization parameters.

Let's think again about the previous code. It uses a combination of different initial guesses and optimization steps. Perhaps the main issue is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough or not well-suited to the problem. For example, the pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions may not capture the optimal structure of h.

Maybe generating more initial guesses that are more likely to be near the optimal solution. For example, using functions that have more complex structures, but not sure how.

Alternatively, using a combination of different initial guesses and a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a more sophisticated variant of SLSQP with better convergence properties.

Another idea: The code uses np.correlate, but for large n_points, this could be slow. If the code can precompute the correlation values for the current h and use that to guide the optimization, perhaps more efficient updates can be made. However, I'm not sure how to implement that directly.

Another possible optimization: The current code uses a fixed dx (2.0 / n_points), and the integral is computed as sum(h) * dx = 1. Since the code uses a fixed n_points, it's important that the optimization respects this constraint.

Now, considering all these thoughts, how can we modify the code to get better results?

Maybe the main improvements could be:

1. Generating more diverse initial guesses to avoid getting stuck in local optima.
2. Using a more efficient optimization method, such as an advanced derivative-free method.
3. Adjusting the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.
4. Using a more informed initial configuration based on known lower bounds or structures.

But given the time constraints, it's challenging to implement all these.

Let's think about the existing code. It uses initial guesses generated from pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves, and also some random guesses. Maybe increasing the number of random guesses could help. Also, trying different parameters for the waveforms.

Alternatively, generating initial guesses that have a certain number of peaks or structures that can minimize overlap.

But without more knowledge about the optimal structure, it's hard to say. Perhaps trying to use a combination of different waveforms with different parameters.

Another idea: The current code uses a fixed n_points (like 45 samples). Maybe using a different n_points could be better. However, since the initial_h_values is provided with n=45, changing it might not be possible. But if the user can start with a different initial configuration, generating a different n_points could be better.

Wait, the problem says that the initial_h_values is available through the global variable, so we have to use it. Therefore, the n_points is fixed as the length of initial_h_values.

So the code must work with that fixed n_points. Therefore, the n_points is 45, and the code uses that.

So, to proceed, let's think about how to adjust the code.

Perhaps the main issue is that the current code only evaluates a limited number of guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help, but that would take more time. However, given the time budget, perhaps it's possible.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the guesses. For example, instead of using SLSQP for all guesses, swapping some steps with other optimization methods.

Another thought: The previous code uses SLSQP with an equality constraint on the sum. Maybe the optimization is taking too long for some guesses, and we can speed it up by adjusting the optimization parameters.

Additionally, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations for the SLSQP and differential evolution steps. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution could yield better results, but it has to be done carefully.

Another possible improvement: Using a better initial guess for the optimization. For example, using the initial_h_values as the starting point, then perturbing it slightly, and optimizing from there. But the previous code already uses initial_h_values as one of the guesses.

Another idea: Using a different initial guess generation method that's more tailored to the problem. For example, generating a function h that has certain properties, such as being symmetric or having a specific frequency that minimizes overlaps.

Alternatively, generating a function h that is piecewise constant with a specific number of segments, where each segment is 1 or 0, and then optimizing the positions and lengths of these segments.

But again, without knowing the optimal structure, this is speculative.

Another approach: Since the target is to get C₅ as low as 0.380876, maybe trying to use a more aggressive optimization strategy, such as using a higher precision in the optimization steps, or adjusting the tolerance parameters in the SLSQP and differential evolution steps.

For example, in the current code, the SLSQP has options like 'ftol' set to 1e-9, which is very high precision. Maybe reducing the tolerances could allow the optimization to converge faster, allowing more iterations within the time budget.

Alternatively, using a combination of different optimization methods. For example, using a global search (like differential evolution) to find a better initial guess, and then using local optimization (like SLSQP) to refine it.

Another thought: The problem involves a maximum over k of the overlap. The maximum is a non-convex function, making it difficult to optimize. Perhaps using a proximal method or other techniques to handle the maximum.

But without knowing the exact nature of the maximum, it's hard to proceed.

In conclusion, the main improvements could involve:

- Increasing the number of initial guesses and/or generating more diverse ones.
- Adjusting the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.
- Using a different optimization method for certain steps.
- Making the code run faster within the time budget by optimizing the objective function evaluation or using more efficient algorithms.

Given that the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, perhaps modifying the parameters of these methods could help.

In the code, the SLSQP uses maxiter=150 and ftol=1e-9. Maybe reducing the ftol to allow for faster convergence, or increasing the maxiter if the time allows. However, the code has to finish within 100 seconds.

Another idea: Using multi-threading or parallel processing. But the problem states that there is 1 CPU available, so that's not possible.

Another possibility: Precomputing the correlation values and using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, by using vectorized operations or avoiding redundant calculations.

In the current code, the objective function is computed using np.correlate, which is efficient for small n_points. For n_points=45, this is manageable.

Now, considering all these thoughts, what can be done in the code? Let's outline possible changes:

1. Generate more initial guesses with different parameters. For example, adding more random guesses or using different waveforms.
2. Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP to allow for more iterations or better convergence.
3. Use a different optimization method for certain steps, such as using COBYLA or L-BFGS-B.
4. Try to find a better initial guess for the optimization by modifying the initial_h_values.

Since the code is supposed to return the best solution found, and the initial_h_values is given, perhaps trying to refine the initial guess through optimization steps.

But the code already uses the initial_h_values as one of the guesses. So maybe the main issue is the number of guesses and the optimization steps.

Alternatively, perhaps using a better initial guess by applying some transformation to the initial_h_values. For example, smoothing it or adjusting it to have better properties.

Another idea: Instead of using a fixed set of guesses, use a random search for initial guesses, which could be more efficient.

But in the previous code, some guesses are generated randomly, and others are based on waveforms.

Given time constraints, maybe the best approach is to modify the previous code to try more initial guesses, use different optimization parameters, and better exploit the available time.

For example:

- Increase the number of random guesses generated.
- Use a larger population size for differential evolution.
- Allow more iterations for the differential evolution step.
- Use a more aggressive optimization method.

In the previous code, after generating some initial guesses, it runs differential evolution for 3 iterations. Perhaps increasing that number to 5 or 10, but ensuring that it doesn't exceed the time budget.

Additionally, the code uses a time check to break the loop if the time budget is nearly over. Maybe extending that check or adjusting the remaining iterations.

Another possible improvement: Using the initial_h_values and applying a small perturbation to generate new initial guesses, which can then be optimized.

But trying to implement all these changes within the code's structure.

Another thing to consider is that the current code's initial guesses may not be very effective. For example, using pulses with different frequencies may not be the best, but maybe trying a different set of waveforms or a different number of initial guesses.

In conclusion, the main changes would involve:

- Generating more initial guesses.
- Adjusting the optimization parameters for better convergence.
- Possibly using a different optimization method for certain steps.
- Fine-tuning the time allocation between differential evolution and SLSQP steps.

Now, translating these ideas into code modifications.

For example, in the previous code, the guesses are generated with a few waveforms and some random guesses. We can add more waveforms, or adjust the parameters of the existing ones.

Also, the code has a for loop for the initial guesses, and then runs the SLSQP on each guess. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses.

But given the time constraints, it's important to balance between the number of guesses and the time taken to optimize them.

Another idea: Using the initial guesses from the initial_h_values and then mutating them slightly to create new guesses for optimization.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the first guess and then perturbing it.

But without knowing the exact values, it's hard to say.

In the end, the best approach may be to modify the code to try more initial guesses, use different optimization methods, and adjust parameters to allow for better exploration.

So, let's think about how to implement these changes.

First, in the previous code, the guesses are generated with:

guesses = [h]
for freq in range(2, 8):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
for _ in range(20):
    guesses.append(gen_random())

Maybe increasing the number of random guesses or adding more waveforms.

Additionally, the code uses a loop to generate 20 random guesses. Perhaps increasing this to 50 or 100, but that would take more time.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate random guesses.

Another possible change is to use the initial_h_values as the first guess and then adding more guesses based on different frequencies and duty cycles.

Also, the code uses differential evolution for 3 iterations. Perhaps increasing that to 5 or 10, but checking if it's within the time budget.

In terms of parameter adjustments, for SLSQP, decreasing the ftol or increasing maxiter could allow for better convergence, but it might take longer.

Also, the code uses the same bounds for all guesses, which is correct.

Another possible change: Instead of using a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution, use differential evolution for more iterations and then use SLSQP for refinement.

Given all these thoughts, here's a plan to modify the previous code:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses by generating more random guesses and more waveforms.
2. Adjust the differential evolution parameters to allow more iterations.
3. Use a more aggressive SLSQP optimization for the best guesses.
4. Fine-tune the optimization parameters to allow faster convergence.

Without knowing the exact values, I can't test this, but I'll try to implement these modifications in code.

For example, in the code:

- Generate more random guesses.
- Use a higher population size for differential evolution.
- Allow more iterations for differential evolution.
- Use a better tolerance for SLSQP.

So, modifying the code accordingly.

Now, translating this into code changes.

In the original code, the number of random guesses is 20. Maybe increasing that to 50.

Also, in the differential evolution step, the code uses for _ in range(3): and then for _ in range(5). Maybe increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution.

Another thing: the code has a time check to break out of the loops if time is running out. Perhaps adjusting the remaining time to allow more steps.

Putting all these together, the code could be modified to:

- Generate more initial guesses.
- Use more iterations for differential evolution.
- Use more aggressive optimization parameters.

But without knowing the exact time impact, it's hard to ensure it fits within the budget.

In conclusion, the final code would involve modifying the initial guesses, increasing the number of iterations in the optimization steps, and adjusting the optimization parameters to better explore the search space and find a lower C₅ value.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 8):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(30):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=30,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(6):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```