<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the goal is to find something better, like 0.380876 or lower.

The existing code uses a combination of different heuristics and optimization methods, including SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better approach. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral, which is essentially maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) over different k. The challenge is to find a step function h that balances the overlap across all shifts.

The current code starts with an initial guess and then explores various pulse, sawtooth, and triangle wave patterns. It uses optimization techniques to refine these guesses. However, maybe a different strategy could be more effective.

One thought is that the existing solution might be getting stuck in local optima. So perhaps using a more global optimization approach would help. Maybe using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing, but the code already uses differential evolution, which is a global optimizer. Hmm.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem. Wait, but the objective is to minimize the maximum of some function. Since the maximum is involved, it's a non-convex problem. So convex optimization techniques might not apply directly.

Another angle: the integral over all shifts. The correlation in the code is computed using np.correlate. So the maximum value in that correlation is the value of C₅. The goal is to minimize that.

The existing code uses a fixed number of points, n_points, which is 45 in the initial_h_values. Maybe using a different number of points could help. For example, trying a larger or smaller number of points. But the user said smaller sequences are preferred because they are faster. So maybe using a smaller n_points?

Wait, but the initial_h_values is 45 points. The user's previous code tried several different guesses and optimized them. The current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Let me think about possible improvements.

Maybe instead of starting from the initial_h_values, we can try different initializations. For instance, generating a more diverse set of initial guesses. The current code uses pulse, sawtooth, etc., but perhaps there's a better way to generate these initial guesses.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model this as a covering problem where the step function h(x) has regions where it is 1 and 0, and the shifts k are the positions where the overlap is measured. Maybe a periodic pattern or a more structured approach would help.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral is a convolution, maybe we can find a function h that is designed to have low overlap with its shifted versions. For example, using a wavelet-like function or something with high-frequency components to minimize overlap.

Wait, the initial code uses some generated patterns like pulses and triangles. Maybe trying to use more complex waveforms or combining them would help. But how to generate those effectively?

Also, the optimization routines might be too slow for a large number of points. Maybe using a coarser grid and then refining it. Or using a more efficient optimization method.

But the user's previous code already uses differential evolution and SLSQP. Let me think about the hyperparameters. For example, in the SLSQP method, the options include 'maxiter' and 'ftol'. Maybe adjusting those could lead to better convergence.

Another point: the current code uses an initial guess based on the initial_h_values. But maybe starting from a different initial guess, like a uniform distribution or a different pattern, could lead to better results. Or using a combination of multiple heuristics.

Wait, what's the current best C₅ value? The user says it's 0.381142. The target is 0.380876. So the improvement is around 0.00026. So even a small improvement would be significant.

Perhaps instead of using a fixed set of guesses, we can perform some kind of random search with more intelligent sampling. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach to guide the search towards promising areas.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different optimization algorithms. The current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe adding more variations.

Another idea: the problem is to minimize the max over k of the integral. Maybe we can approximate this by considering the worst-case shift k, and formulating it as an optimization problem where we have to minimize the maximum of several functions. This is similar to minimax optimization.

But how to handle that in practice? Perhaps by adding constraints that each correlation at different k's is below a certain threshold, but that might make the problem too complex for standard solvers.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with a penalty function that penalizes the maximum value. But that's not straightforward.

Wait, the existing code uses a SLSQP optimization with the constraints. Maybe adding more constraints to prevent the solution from being too localized. Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm that can handle the problem better.

Another thing: the current code's differential evolution runs for a limited number of iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the parameters could help. But given the time budget, there's a trade-off.

Also, the initial code has a 'gen_random' function that generates random h values, normalized to meet the integral constraint. Maybe generating more diverse random initial points could help escape local minima.

Moreover, the current code uses a fixed set of guesses (pulse, sawtooth, etc.) and then iteratively refines them. Perhaps expanding the variety of initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, including more waveforms or patterns with different characteristics.

Another thought: the overlap integral depends on the function's behavior over the interval. So maybe designing h to have a more uniform distribution, or with a pattern that repeats in a way that overlaps with shifts are minimized.

For example, if h is a periodic function with a certain period, shifting by that period would not change the overlap. But the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap over all possible k.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 for a certain fraction of the interval and 0 otherwise. But the optimal is more complex than that.

Wait, the problem is similar to designing a binary sequence (or step function) that minimizes the maximum overlap with its shifted versions. This is analogous to the concept of a "binary sequence with minimal autocorrelation" but in a continuous setting.

In the case of binary sequences, the optimal is the one with minimal autocorrelation, but here, the function is continuous and the overlap is computed with 1 - h(x+k). So perhaps there's some analogy here.

In discrete settings, for binary sequences, the optimal is related to the Golay sequences or other codes with low autocorrelation. Maybe trying to adapt similar ideas to the continuous case.

But how to translate that into a step function? Perhaps constructing a function that is a combination of multiple periodic patterns with different frequencies, ensuring that their overlaps are minimized.

Alternatively, using randomization techniques, as in the current code, but with better-strategized random seeds.

Another angle: the code's current approach uses multiple optimization steps. Maybe combining the differential evolution with a more thorough exploration of the parameter space, followed by fine-tuning with SLSQP.

But I need to think about how to implement this in code efficiently within the time constraints.

Let me also consider the time budget. The previous code runs for 100 seconds, and the user's code has a time limit. So the code needs to be efficient.

The current code uses differential evolution with a certain popsize and maxiter. Maybe increasing the number of iterations would help, but it could use more time.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization algorithm where possible, such as model-based optimization (e.g., Bayesian optimization) which could explore the space more intelligently. But implementing Bayesian optimization from scratch might be complex, especially given the time constraints.

Another thought: the integral of h(x) is fixed. So the function h is normalized. Perhaps using a symmetry in the problem, like making h symmetric or having certain structures, could help. For example, making the function h periodic with a certain period so that shifts by that period have lower overlap.

But again, how to translate that into code.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is achieved for certain values of k. So perhaps trying to find h that makes the maximum overlap occur at specific k's where the overlap is minimized.

In the existing code, the maximum is calculated over all shifts. But maybe focusing on the shifts that are most problematic could help. For example, if we can find h such that the maximum overlap occurs at k=0.5 or some other specific shift, which might have a lower value.

But how to determine which shifts to focus on. Maybe this is too vague.

Another idea: the current code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. Maybe using a different initial guess, such as a uniformly distributed h, could lead to better results. For instance, starting with h evenly distributed so that no part is too concentrated, which might help reduce overlaps.

But the initial_h_values is already a starting point. However, perhaps generating a more random initial guess could be better.

Alternatively, combining different initial strategies. For example, generating multiple random initial guesses and then optimizing them.

Another thing to consider is the way the integral is computed. The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the correlation for all possible shifts. But for the problem, the maximum over all shifts is needed. So the code correctly computes that.

Wait, the code computes the cross-correlation between h and (1 - h), which is exactly the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So that part is correct.

Another possible optimization: the current code uses a fixed n_points (45), but perhaps trying different n_points could lead to better results. For example, using a larger n_points allows for more detailed functions, but increases computational cost. However, the user's code uses a smaller n_points (45), which is faster. However, maybe a larger n_points with a more efficient optimization could yield better results.

But given the time budget, it's important to balance between n_points and computational steps. So perhaps keeping n_points at 45 is better.

Now, to think about the code structure. The previous code uses a series of guesses, starting with the initial_h_values, then generating various pulses, sawtooth, etc., and then running SLSQP and differential evolution.

Perhaps the main problem is that the initial_h_values might be a local optimum, and the code isn't exploring enough other possibilities. So the idea is to generate a variety of initial guesses, then optimize them, and find the best one.

So perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses would help. For example, including more types of waveforms, or more randomized guesses.

Moreover, the code uses gen_random(), which generates random guesses. Maybe using a different randomization method, such as generating functions with different patterns.

Another idea: instead of generating random initial guesses, use a structured approach. For example, creating a function that alternates between high and low values in a certain pattern, or has a specific shape that prevents high overlaps.

But how to code that.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach where we evolve the h function over generations, selecting those that give the lowest C₅. However, implementing a genetic algorithm might be complex and time-consuming.

Alternatively, trying to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, in the current code, the SLSQP method is used, which is a local optimizer, so if the initial guess is good, it can find good solutions. But if the initial guess is bad, it might not. Hence, the code uses multiple initial guesses.

So the key is to generate a good set of initial guesses, then optimize them well.

In the previous code, the initial guesses are generated by:

- initial_h_values
- pulses with frequencies 2 to 7
- sawtooth and triangle waves for frequency 3 with different duties
- 20 random guesses

But maybe the number of guesses can be increased, or different patterns can be added.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed set of frequencies for pulses and sawtooth. Maybe experimenting with different frequencies and duty cycles could lead to better results.

For example, generating pulses with higher frequencies, or varying the duty cycle in more ways.

But again, this requires generating these guesses algorithmically.

Another thing to consider is that the optimal solution may have a certain structure, such as being composed of multiple segments with different values. For instance, a function that is high for a certain portion, then low, then high again, etc., creating a pattern that minimizes overlap when shifted.

But how to generate such a function algorithmically.

Maybe using a grid search over parameters like the number of segments, their positions, and durations. However, this could be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, using a periodic function with a certain number of pulses. For example, a function that has a certain number of peaks and valleys arranged to minimize overlap when shifted.

But perhaps the current approach of using pulses and triangles is already covering some of these possibilities.

Another angle: the code could use a different optimization strategy. For instance, instead of using SLSQP on each guess, perhaps using a more global optimizer first, then refining.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: for example, first using differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then refining with SLSQP.

The existing code already does some of this.

Another possible improvement: in the current code, after generating initial guesses, the code runs differential evolution on them, then SLSQP. Maybe adjusting the parameters of these optimization methods to get better results.

For example, increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution, or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Also, the current code uses a fixed number of guesses, but perhaps dynamically generating more guesses based on the current best solution could help.

However, in the context of the time budget, it's important to balance between exploration and exploitation.

In summary, possible improvements include:

1. Expanding the variety of initial guesses to include more types of waveforms or patterns.
2. Adjusting the parameters of the optimization algorithms to allow for better convergence.
3. Increasing the number of initial guesses to explore more of the solution space.
4. Using a different initial guess, such as a more random or structured one.
5. Incorporating methods that explore the parameter space more thoroughly, like Bayesian optimization or genetic algorithms.
6. Utilizing more efficient optimization steps, such as using a smarter initialization or mutation strategy.

Given the time constraints and code structure, perhaps modifying the existing code to include more initial guesses, fine-tuning the optimization parameters, and possibly using different patterns could help.

Another idea: the current code uses fixed frequencies for the pulse and sawtooth waves. Perhaps generating these with varying frequencies or duty cycles could lead to better results. For example, generating pulses with frequencies up to a higher value, or varying the duty cycle in a more systematic way.

Additionally, using asymmetric waveforms or combining multiple waveforms could be beneficial.

So, in terms of code, perhaps modifying the guesses to include more waveforms and more parameters.

Now, considering the code structure, I need to write a code that adheres to the constraints, starts from the initial_h_values, and improves upon the previous solution.

Let me think about possible changes:

- The initial code generates guesses by creating pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more these with varied parameters.

- The 'gen_random' function could be improved by adjusting the random seed or generating better initial distributions.

- The differential evolution parameters could be adjusted for better exploration.

- The SLSQP method could be adjusted with different tolerances or max iterations.

Another possible optimization: precompute all the possible shifts and use them as targets in the optimization. But that might complicate the problem.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model to approximate the objective function and guide the search, but that's complex.

Another thought: the current code computes the correlation for all shifts and then takes the maximum. But perhaps the worst-case shift is not uniformly distributed. For example, certain shifts (like k=1, 0.5, etc.) might be more critical. So focusing the optimization on these shifts could be beneficial.

But how to incorporate that into the optimization. Maybe by modifying the objective function to prioritize the most critical shifts, but this may not be straightforward.

In code terms, the current objective function returns the maximum of the correlation, which is correct.

So, putting this together, the main idea is to create a more diverse set of initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters, and refine the search to find better solutions.

In terms of code, I can modify the previous approach by:

- Adding more varied initial guesses, such as different waveforms with different parameters.
- Using better random initial guesses by perhaps generating them with more structure.
- Adjusting the differential evolution parameters (like population size, mutation range) to get better exploration.
- Using multiple rounds of optimization to refine the solution further.

For example, in the previous code, the guesses are generated with frequencies up to 7, but could be expanded. Also, adding more duty cycles or different waveforms.

Another thing: the current code uses 'gen_saw' and 'gen_triangle' for certain frequencies. Perhaps generating more of these with different frequencies and duty cycles.

Also, the 'gen_random' function could be modified to generate more diverse initial guesses, perhaps by varying the number of segments or other parameters.

In terms of code changes, here's what I could do:

- Generate more initial guesses with varying frequencies and duty cycles.
- Increase the number of random guesses.
- Adjust the SLSQP and differential evolution parameters for better convergence.
- Use different initial guesses, such as more waveforms and randomized ones.

Additionally, the code could include more structured initial guesses, such as piecewise functions that have a certain number of segments, but generating them algorithmically is important to meet the compact-source contract.

So, putting this into code, I'll modify the guesses list to include more waveforms and vary parameters more. Also, adjusting the optimization parameters to allow for more iterations or better exploration.

Also, the code could use a different initial guess by generating a more uniform distribution, but that might not be as effective as the current approach.

In the end, the code will need to be concise, using numpy to generate various waveforms and then optimize them with SLSQP and differential evolution, while tracking the best solution found within the time budget.

Another thought: the existing code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess. If that's a good starting point, it's better to use it. But to avoid getting stuck in local optima, generating other guesses is important.

In summary, the approach would be to expand the initial guesses, optimize them with more thorough methods, and refine the solution further through multiple optimization steps, all while keeping the code concise and within the time budget.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 11):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(30):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=40,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```