<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap constant C₅. The previous approach used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization, starting from an initial guess. The current record is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. To find a better solution, let me think about possible improvements.

First, the problem involves minimizing the maximum overlap integral, which is the maximum over shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). The constraints are that h is a step function with integral 1 over [0,2], and it's represented as samples over [0,2].

The previous code used a variety of initial guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random samples. But maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses. Perhaps using more structured patterns or exploring different symmetry-based constructions?

Another idea is to consider that the optimal function might have certain symmetries. For example, maybe a function that's periodic or has a specific structure that minimizes the overlap. Alternatively, using a piecewise constant function with different segments that balance the integral and the overlaps.

The previous code used a local optimization approach with SLSQP and DE. But maybe adding more global optimization techniques or hybrid methods could find better minima. Also, the current approach might get stuck in local minima, so maybe using different initializations or more diverse starting points is necessary.

I should consider adjusting the optimization strategies. For example, using a genetic algorithm with more diversity in the initial population, or combining different optimization methods. Also, the budget is limited to 100 seconds, so the code needs to be efficient.

Wait, the previous code starts from the initial_h_values provided. Maybe the initial construction isn't optimal. So trying different initial points could be key. For example, generating a new initial guess based on some heuristic, like splitting the interval into segments with certain properties.

Another thought: the overlap integral C₅ is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). To minimize this maximum, the function h should be designed such that for any shift, the overlap between h and its shifted version (by k) is as small as possible. So, perhaps the optimal h is a function that has blocks where it's active and inactive, arranged to avoid overlapping with shifted versions.

An example could be a function that's active for some intervals and inactive elsewhere, arranged in a way that when shifted, it doesn't overlap too much. The challenge is to balance the total area (which is fixed at 1) and the overlaps.

Maybe a better initial guess could be a function with multiple segments, such as a piecewise constant function with different widths. For example, using a combination of pulses or varying the duty cycle in different parts.

Alternatively, using a Fourier-based approach, since the problem involves convolutions and shifts. The overlap integral is related to the autocorrelation function of h, so minimizing the maximum autocorrelation value. This might suggest using a function that has a low autocorrelation, similar to a Barker code or other sequences with low autocorrelation.

However, since the function is over a continuous interval, not discrete, maybe some discrete analog could be adapted. For example, using a sequence that's spread out in the interval and avoids overlapping with its shifts.

Another idea is to use a greedy algorithm. Start with an initial configuration and iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, identify the shift k that gives the largest overlap, and then adjust h to reduce that overlap. This could be done with gradient descent or other local search methods.

But how to implement this efficiently? Maybe using simulated annealing or other global search methods. However, these might be computationally intensive within the time budget.

Let me think about the code structure again. The code needs to generate h_values as a numpy array, with the sum of h equal to n_points / 2. The previous code uses differential evolution and SLSQP. Perhaps adding more diversity in the initial guesses, or using different optimization methods like particle swarm optimization (PSO), or Bayesian optimization.

Wait, the current code uses scipy.optimize's differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe using a better combination of methods. For example, using differential evolution for global search and then SLSQP for local refinement.

Another thing to consider is the number of samples, n_points. The previous code starts with n_points = 45 samples. Maybe increasing n_points could lead to better accuracy, but at the cost of computational time. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. So maybe using a smaller n_points is better.

Alternatively, perhaps using a grid-based approach, where the function is divided into segments and the positions of these segments are optimized. For example, if the function is divided into m segments, then the positions and widths of these segments can be optimized.

Another approach is to model the problem as an optimization over the positions and widths of the segments. For example, suppose the function h is a series of intervals where h is 1, and 0 elsewhere. Then, the problem becomes choosing positions and lengths of these intervals such that the total length is 1, and the maximum overlap with any shift is minimized. However, this is a discrete problem, and converting it into a continuous one might be challenging.

But this could be a useful heuristic. For example, if the function is composed of several blocks, each of which is active for a certain length. By arranging these blocks spaced apart, the overlap with shifted versions can be minimized. The optimal arrangement would involve spacing the blocks such that the shifts don't overlap too much.

Let me think of the example with two blocks. Suppose each block has length a, and they are spaced such that the distance between their edges is b. The total area is 2a = 1, so a = 0.5. Then, the maximum overlap would occur when one block is shifted by b, but if the shifting causes the blocks to overlap. Alternatively, spacing them to avoid overlap.

But with more blocks, this becomes more complex. However, this might be a starting point for generating initial guesses. For example, a function made up of several intervals, each spaced to avoid overlaps when shifted.

Alternatively, considering that the Erdős problem is related to the minimal maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is a function that has high frequency components, but arranged to cancel out overlaps. This might be similar to a waveform that's designed to have low autocorrelation.

Another idea is to use a function that's a combination of different basis functions. For example, using a Fourier series approach, or wavelets, to construct h such that its autocorrelation is minimized.

But how to translate this into code? It's not straightforward. Let me think about the constraints. The integral of h is fixed, so the area under the curve is 1. The function h(x) must be between 0 and 1, and the variable is over [0, 2].

Perhaps the current approach of generating a variety of initial guesses is helpful. But maybe the initial guesses could be more optimized. For example, using a construction similar to the ones in the previous code but with more sophisticated initializations.

Alternatively, trying to find a better initial guess by using a specific pattern. For instance, using a function that is 1 on [0, a], 0 on [a, b], 1 on [b, c], etc., with certain a, b, c defined to minimize overlaps. This could be a way to generate a structured initial guess.

Let me consider using a pattern where the function alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that avoids overlaps when shifted. For example, if the function is 1 for lengths that are spaced such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

But how to find such spacings? Maybe a grid search over possible spacing parameters. However, with the time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Another thought: the previous code uses random initial guesses. Maybe introducing some structure to these random guesses could help. For example, generating random positions for the steps, ensuring that the total area is maintained.

Alternatively, using a randomized algorithm that starts with a uniform distribution and then evolves it. For example, using simulated annealing with a random walk in the space of possible h functions.

But again, implementing this in code would require careful management of the optimization steps within the time budget.

Let me think about the code's current structure. It starts with the initial_h_values, then generates various guesses and runs optimizations. The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and DE. Maybe modifying the parameters of these optimization steps could lead to better results. For example, adjusting the number of iterations, tolerance levels, or population sizes in DE.

Additionally, perhaps using a more efficient database of initial guesses. For instance, using a grid of possible frequencies or duty cycles for generating initial pulses and sawtooth waves.

Wait, in the previous code, they generate pulses with frequencies 2 to 7, and varying duties for sawtooth and triangle waves. Maybe expanding this to include more variations or using different waveforms, such as square, sine, or other periodic functions, could lead to better initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a function that's a combination of multiple different waveforms, or adjusting the duty cycles to better fit the constraints.

Another consideration is that the current code may not be efficient enough. For example, the differential evolution is called multiple times with a population size of 50. Maybe reducing the population size or adjusting the mutation rates could save time, allowing for more iterations.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization algorithm for the local refinement steps. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method instead of SLSQP.

But I need to structure all this into code. Let me outline the steps I could take in the code:

1. Generate a variety of initial guesses, including structured patterns like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random ones.

2. Use a combination of global optimization methods (like DE) and local refinement (like SLSQP) to find better minima.

3. Adjust hyperparameters of the optimization algorithms to improve convergence.

4. Ensure that the code is as efficient as possible to fit within the 100-second budget.

Let me consider modifying the initial guesses. For example, adding more structured patterns, like using a function that is a combination of several pulses with different offsets and durations. Alternatively, using a function that is implicitly designed to have low autocorrelation, such as a binary sequence that's spread out.

Another approach is to use a Monte Carlo method where the function is represented as a set of intervals, and the intervals are randomly placed to meet the area constraint. However, this might be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm where the chromosome represents the positions and widths of intervals. But implementing this in the code may be complex.

Let me think about the previous code again. It uses the initial_h_values, then generates various guesses with pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random samples. Maybe adding more structured patterns could help. For example, generating a sawtooth wave with different frequencies and duty cycles, or a sine wave that is clipped to [0,1].

Wait, the previous code already includes some of these. So perhaps modifying the parameters of these generated functions. For example, varying the frequency more widely, or using different duty cycles for the pulses and sawtooth waves.

Alternatively, generating initial guesses based on specific optimal constructions known for similar problems. For example, the Erdős problem is related to the concept of "low autocorrelation" sequences. Maybe using known sequences like the Barker codes, and adapting them to the continuous case.

But how to adapt them? Barker codes are binary sequences with low autocorrelation, but they are discrete. In our case, h(x) is a function over a continuous interval, so maybe a similar approach could be used by spacing the pulses in a way that minimizes overlaps.

Another thought: the overlap integral is related to the integral of the product of h and the shifted version. This is similar to the cross-correlation. So minimizing the maximum cross-correlation value is the goal. To achieve this, the function h should have minimal cross-correlation with all its shifted versions.

This problem is similar to the problem of designing codes with low autocorrelation, which has applications in radar and communications. So perhaps using techniques from such fields could help.

For example, one approach is to use a set of points (or intervals) that are spread out in the interval [0,2], so that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, distributing the intervals uniformly across the interval.

Suppose the function h is composed of m intervals of equal length, each spaced in a way that the total area is 1. The length of each interval would then be 1/m. But the spacing between the intervals would matter for the overlap when shifted.

For instance, if there are m intervals spaced equally, then for any shift k, the number of overlapping intervals would depend on the distance k. But this is a bit abstract.

However, if the function is made of multiple intervals spaced apart by a certain minimum distance, then when shifted by that distance, the overlap might be minimized. But this requires calculating the optimal spacing.

Alternatively, using a randomized approach where intervals are placed randomly, but ensuring that their total length is 1. This could be a way to generate initial guesses, and then optimizing them further.

But again, integrating this into the code would require generating such structures.

Given the time constraints, maybe the most effective way is to adjust the existing code to generate more diverse initial guesses and improve the optimization steps.

Let me think about the previous code's structure. The code starts with the initial_h_values and then creates several guesses. The code then runs SLSQP on each guess and applies differential evolution for further refinement.

Maybe improving the diversity of the initial guesses could help. For example, adding more types of patterns, such as square waves with different duty cycles, or using a combination of different frequencies in the pulses.

Also, making sure that the random initial guesses are more effective. For example, generating them in a way that ensures they are spread out, not just random values.

Another idea is to use a grid search over some parameters. For example, varying the duty cycle of the pulses and sawtooth waves to find better initial guesses. However, with the given time, this might be challenging.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with frequencies from 2 to 7, and duty cycles of 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5. Maybe expanding this to include more frequencies and duty cycles, but at the expense of computational time.

Alternatively, using a fixed number of pulses in the initial guesses. For example, creating a function that has multiple pulses with varying positions and widths.

But again, generating such structures algorithmically would require code.

Another possible optimization is to reduce the number of optimization steps to save time. For example, using fewer iterations in DE, but making each step more effective.

In terms of code, the previous code uses a lot of functions for generating guesses. Let me see: it has gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, gen_random. Maybe adding a gen_square function, or adjusting the frequencies and duty cycles.

But perhaps the main issue is that the optimization is stuck in local minima. So, instead of using guess-based optimization, perhaps using a more global approach. For example, using a genetic algorithm, which can explore more of the solution space.

However, scipy does not have a built-in genetic algorithm, but there are other packages. But the user mentioned that scipy, numpy, and cvxpy are available. Wait, the user allows using scipy, numpy, and various solvers from cvxpy.

Wait, the code can use the cvxpy library for solving optimization problems. So perhaps formulating the problem as a convex optimization problem. However, the problem of minimizing the maximum overlap is non-convex, and it's unclear if it can be transformed into a convex form.

Alternatively, since the overlap is the maximum of several expressions, which are convex, but the maximum of convex functions is not convex. Hence, it's a non-convex problem.

Given that, perhaps the only way is to use heuristic optimization methods.

So, the previous approach is using a combination of SLSQP and DE. Let's consider that the main issue is that the initial guesses may not be diverse enough, leading to getting stuck in local optima.

So, to improve, perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses. For example, include more structured patterns, or use a different method to generate the initial guesses.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of frequencies, generate initial guesses that are random but with certain properties, like ensuring that the sum is exactly 1. For example, using a function that is a combination of several random intervals.

Alternatively, using a parametrization of the function h(x). For example, using a histogram-like approach where the function is divided into segments of different widths, and the positions of the segments are optimized.

But how to model this in code? Let me think of an example: suppose the function h is made of m segments. Each segment has a start time s_i and end time e_i, such that the length of the segment is e_i - s_i. The sum of all lengths is 1, and the function h(x) is 1 on these segments, 0 elsewhere.

But the problem is to find these segments to minimize the maximum overlap integral. This seems like a combinatorial optimization problem, which is NP-hard. However, for a small m, it might be feasible.

But with the time constraints and given that the user prefers small n_points, this approach might not be efficient.

Another approach is to use a continuous relaxation of the problem. For example, instead of binary segments, allowing h(x) to be a continuous function that can be adjusted to minimize overlaps.

But this is what the previous code is already doing.

So, perhaps the key is to generate better initial guesses. Let's think about generating initial guesses with structured patterns that are more likely to lead to good solutions.

For example, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe modifying it by adding more periodic patterns or adjusting the existing segments.

Alternatively, using a Fourier series approach to generate initial guesses. For instance, a function that is the sum of sine waves with certain frequencies and amplitudes, adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

But constructing such a function would require careful handling.

Alternatively, using a piecewise linear function with certain slopes to minimize the overlap. However, this is speculative.

Given that the user wants the code to be as efficient as possible, I think the best way is to modify the initial guesses to include more structured patterns and possibly use a different optimization approach.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed set of guesses, but perhaps the initial guesses could be more varied. For example, generating a set of initial guesses that are all different types of patterns, not just pulses and sawtooth.

Additionally, including the initial_h_values as a guess is important, as it might have a good starting point.

Another thought: using a multi-start optimization, where multiple different optimization algorithms or parameter settings are tried, to avoid local minima.

In the previous code, after the initial guesses, there is a DE step with three iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using different parameters could help.

But also, using a different method for the local refinement. For example, instead of using SLSQP after DE, perhaps using a tuned method like BFGS with bounds.

Another optimization could be to use a reduced number of points. Since the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, maybe reducing n_points. However, the previous code uses n_points as the length of the initial_h_values, which is 45. If reducing the sample size could lead to better optimization speed, but it's not clear if that would lead to better C₅ values.

Alternatively, using the same n_points but optimizing the code to be more efficient.

Now, considering the code structure, the main points to improve are:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses.
2. Adjust optimization parameters to improve convergence.
3. Ensure that the code completes within the time budget.

Let me try to implement these improvements in the code.

First, generating more initial guesses. For example, adding a function that generates a set of random pulses with varying positions and widths, ensuring the total area is 1. This could be done by choosing random positions for the pulses and adjusting their widths to meet the area constraint.

Alternatively, using a regular grid of pulses, spaced apart to minimize overlap. For example, creating several pulses evenly spaced across the interval. This could be a structured guess.

Another idea is to generate a function that has a certain periodicity, such as a sinusoidal wave with certain frequency and phase that is adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

For example, a sine wave that is clipped to [0,1], or a triangle wave that is adjusted to have a certain duty cycle.

But how to implement this in code? The previous code has some of these functions, but maybe more can be added.

Another thing to consider is the use of a more efficient optimization algorithm. For example, using the differential evolution with more adaptive parameters, or using the covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy (CMA-ES), which is more efficient for high-dimensional problems. However, the code is limited to scipy's optimization routines, which include differential evolution and SLSQP.

Thus, the best approach is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization steps.

Let me modify the code as follows:

- Increase the number of initial guesses by including more structured patterns, such as combining pulses with varying frequencies and duty cycles.
- Improve the DE parameters to run more efficiently.
- Adjust the SLSQP optimization to have tighter tolerances or more iterations.

Now, considering the code's structure, here's how I could implement these changes:

- In the guesses section, add more patterns like square waves, random pulses, and other structured shapes.
- Adjust the DE's mutation and recombination parameters to explore the solution space more effectively.
- Increase the number of iterations in DE to allow more thorough exploration.

Also, the previous code uses a for loop for SLSQP with each guess. Maybe replacing that with a more efficient approach, such as a parallel optimization, but that might not be feasible within the current code structure.

Another idea: after generating the initial guesses and running SLSQP on them, run differential evolution on the best guess found so far. This could allow the code to refine further.

In the current code, after generating the guesses, there are two DE steps. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the population size in DE could help.

But the code must stay within the time budget of 100 seconds. So, balancing between the number of generations in DE and the number of SLSQP steps.

Alternatively, reducing the number of SLSQP steps and focusing more on DE.

Moreover, the initial_h_values might already be a good guess, so perhaps the initial code's guessing part is sufficient, but adding more structured guesses could help.

Another thought: the previous code uses random guesses, which might lead to low-quality initial points. Changing the random guess generation to ensure that the sum is exactly 1 and that the function is spread out.

For example, generating a random set of points where the function is 1 with certain probabilities, then adjusting the values so the sum is 1. This could be done by sampling points and clamping the values to ensure the sum is correct.

However, this is more of a heuristic and might not be straightforward.

In summary, the improvements I could make are:

1. Add more structured initial guesses (e.g., square waves, combination of pulses).
2. Enhance the DE parameters for better exploration.
3. Increase the number of iterations or DE steps.
4. Use tighter tolerances in SLSQP to refine the solution.
5. Ensure that the code is as efficient as possible within the time constraints.

By implementing these changes, the code may find a better solution, leading to a lower C₅ bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_square(freq):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1), 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 8):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_square(freq))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(15):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=40, maxiter=60,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```