<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimizations starting from an initial guess. But the user wants a better approach. 

First, I need to understand the problem again. We need a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, and minimize the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The lower the C5 value, the better. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is to get below 0.380876.

The previous code uses various guesses like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random initializations. Then it applies SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. But maybe there's a better way. Let's think about possible improvements.

One idea is to use more efficient optimization strategies. Maybe using a genetic algorithm with better mutation strategies? Or perhaps using a different method, like Bayesian optimization? But given the time constraints, maybe sticking with existing methods but tuning parameters.

Another approach is to consider the structure of the problem. Since the function h is a step function, maybe we can model it as a binary choice at each point, but that's not the case here. Wait, the problem states that h is a step function, but each sample is a value in [0,1]. So it's a piecewise constant function. Maybe the optimal h has certain symmetries or periodicities?

The initial code starts from initial_h_values, which is a 45-point array. Maybe starting from different initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, using different patterns like more balanced pulses, or a combination of different wave shapes.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, etc.), but maybe generating more diverse initial guesses would help escape local minima. Alternatively, using a more systematic way to generate initial points, such as using a grid or a set of trial functions.

Also, the optimization process might be too slow. Maybe using a more efficient optimization method. For example, instead of SLSQP, which might get stuck, using a global optimization method like differential evolution but with better parameters. Or perhaps splitting the problem into smaller parts.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting tolerance could help. But that might take more time. Also, the code runs multiple iterations of SLSQP on different guesses. Maybe that's not the most efficient.

Another idea: since the problem has a periodicity in the shift k, perhaps the optimal function h has some periodic structure. For instance, maybe a periodic function with period 2/5 or similar. But how to model that?

Alternatively, since the integral is over x and k, maybe there's a way to model the problem using Fourier analysis. The overlap integral involves the convolution between h and 1 - h. The maximum over k could be related to the Fourier coefficients, but I'm not sure how to translate that into an optimization problem here.

But given that the user is using a numerical approach, perhaps focusing on improving the optimization strategy is better. 

Let me think about the previous code's steps. It starts with the initial_h_values, then generates various guesses, applies SLSQP and DE optimization. Maybe the DE part could be optimized by using better parameters. For example, adjusting the population size, mutation rates, etc. Also, maybe the SLSQP is too slow, so perhaps using a different method.

Another thing: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. So for each h, the code computes the cross-correlation and takes the maximum. To minimize this maximum, the optimization is challenging because it's a non-convex problem. 

Perhaps introducing constraints or regularizations could help. For example, ensuring that the function h is smooth, or has certain properties. But since h is a step function, maybe that's not necessary.

An alternative approach is to use a genetic algorithm, which can explore the search space more broadly. But the user's code already uses DE. Maybe integrating DE with local optimization steps, like after a DE run, perform SLSQP to refine the solution. 

Another possible improvement: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial points by varying parameters, or using a grid-based approach. For example, trying different frequencies and duty cycles for pulse and sawtooth waves, then optimizing each.

Also, the code applies multiple rounds of optimization, which could be time-consuming. But with the given budget of 100 seconds, it's important to balance between thoroughness and speed.

Wait, in the previous code, the DE is called three times, each time with 50 population size. Maybe increasing the population size or decreasing the number of iterations could be better. Or using a different mutation strategy. 

Let me consider the parameters for differential evolution. The mutation is (0.5, 0.9), which is the mutation factor range. The recombination is 0.8. Maybe adjusting these parameters could lead to better convergence.

Also, the code uses SLSQP after DE to refine the solution. Maybe using a more aggressive optimization method here?

Another idea: since the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model it as a bilevel optimization problem. But that's complex and might not be computationally feasible here.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral for each shift k can be represented as a convolution, and the maximum over k is the peak of the convolution. To minimize this peak, we might need to distribute the function h in such a way that the overlap is minimized for all shifts. 

Another thought: perhaps the optimal h function has regions where it's 0 and 1 in a way that the shifted regions don't overlap much. For example, if h is a periodic function with certain period and duty cycle, then shifting it would create overlaps that are minimized. 

For example, a periodic function with period T, such that when you shift by k, the overlap is minimized. But the domain is [0,2], so the period must fit into this interval. 

Alternatively, maybe using a function that alternates between high and low values periodically. For instance, a square wave with a certain frequency. 

Wait, the initial code already uses pulse and sawtooth functions. But maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a more complex combination. 

Also, considering that the integral of h is 1, which is half the length of the interval [0,2], perhaps the function h is designed to have equal areas of 1 and 0. So maybe a function that is 1 for half the interval and 0 for the other half, but arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlapping is minimized. However, this is similar to a square wave. 

But for a square wave with duty cycle 0.5, the maximum overlap would be 0.5 (when the shift is 0, the overlap is integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x)) dx, which would be zero if it's perfectly alternating. But when you shift by a certain amount, the overlap could be higher. 

Wait, maybe the initial problem is similar to finding a function h that minimizes the maximum convolution with (1 - h). This seems like a problem related to the theory of optimal transport, but I'm not sure. 

Alternatively, considering the problem in terms of the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and (1 - h). To minimize the maximum value of this cross-correlation. 

So the challenge is to design a function h such that for any shift k, the overlap between h and (1 - h) shifted by k is as small as possible. 

An approach inspired by the previous code could be to generate initial guesses that are variations of pulse, sawtooth, etc., but perhaps with more parameters or different frequencies. 

But how to generate these efficiently? 

Another idea: the problem is similar to the "minimum maximum overlap" problem, which is related to the Erdős's work on covering the real line with intervals. The constant C₅ is the minimal value such that any function h with integral 1 has overlap at least C₅. 

Wait, actually, the problem is to find the minimum possible C₅ such that there exists a function h with integral 1 where the maximum overlap is at most C₅. So the goal is to find a construction that achieves this minimal C₅. 

Given that, perhaps using a combination of different intervals where h alternates between high and low values in a way that when shifted, the overlapping areas are minimized. 

For example, if h is a sequence of intervals where it's 1 for some time, then 0, then 1 again, etc. The length of each interval would need to be chosen such that the overlaps when shifted are minimized. 

But how to model this in a numerical optimization setting? 

Another thought: since the code uses a step function, perhaps the optimal h is piecewise constant with certain positions. The initial code uses 45 points, but maybe using a different n_points could be better. However, the user prefers sequences with less than 1k samples, so 45 is acceptable. 

Alternatively, increasing n_points might lead to better results, but the user prefers smaller sequences. 

So, sticking with n_points=45 is better for speed. 

Putting this all together, the plan is to create a more efficient optimization strategy. The previous code uses SLSQP and DE. Let's see if we can improve that. 

One possible improvement is to use a genetic algorithm with elitism, where the best solutions are carried over to the next generation. Or using a more efficient DE setup. 

Alternatively, using Bayesian optimization to guide the search, but that might be complex. 

Another approach is to use a combination of multiple optimization methods. For example, starting with a DE to find a good initial guess, then using SLSQP to fine-tune. 

But the previous code already does that. Let me think about the parameters. 

In the differential evolution, the code uses popsize=50, maxiter=30, mutation=(0.5, 0.9), etc. Maybe adjusting these parameters could lead to better results. For example, increasing the maxiter or the population size. But with the time budget, that might be too slow. 

Alternatively, using a lower population size but with more iterations. 

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed set of initial guesses, but generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, varying the frequencies and duty cycles for the pulse and sawtooth functions. 

Also, maybe the initial_h_values is a good starting point, but other starting points could be better. For example, using a sawtooth wave with certain parameters. 

Another idea: the code has a 'gen_random' function that generates random h values. Maybe using more sophisticated randomization, like generating h as a random binary function with certain properties. 

But perhaps the best way is to modify the code's initial guess generation and optimization steps. 

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with frequencies from 2 to 7, different duty cycles, and random samples. Maybe adding more guesses, or varying the parameters more. 

Alternatively, using a grid-based approach to generate initial guesses. 

Another thing to consider is that the current code may be getting stuck in local optima. So perhaps trying more diverse initial guesses and then optimizing each one with SLSQP. 

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization method for the initial guesses. Instead of SLSQP, which is local, maybe using a global optimization method for the initial guesses. 

But given the time constraints, maybe it's better to stick with the previous approach but tweak parameters. 

Let me think about modifying the previous code. For example, increasing the number of initial guesses, or varying the parameters of the DE and SLSQP. 

Another thing: in the initial code, when using DE, the code runs it three times, each time with a new guess. Then, in the loop, it does 5 more iterations of DE. Maybe changing the number of DE runs or the parameters. 

Also, the 'slsqp_guess' function is called after each DE run, which may be necessary to refine the solution. 

But how to make this more efficient? 

Perhaps the main issue is the initial guesses. If the initial guesses are not good enough, the optimization may not find the global minimum. 

So, generating more initial guesses could help. For example, generating different waveforms like triangular, square, etc., with varying parameters. 

Another thought: maybe the optimal solution is a combination of different periodic functions, such as a square wave with certain parameters. 

Alternatively, using a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to minimize multiple overlaps. But that's complex. 

Another idea: since the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a penalty method in the optimization. For example, the objective function could be the maximum of the overlaps, but approximating it with a sum of penalties. 

But the current code already computes the maximum directly. 

In summary, the previous code's approach is to generate various initial guesses and then optimize them with DE and SLSQP. To improve this, perhaps generating a more diverse set of initial guesses, tweaking the optimization parameters, and possibly using a more efficient optimization method. 

Let me try to adjust the code. For example, in the guesses generation part, adding more functions or parameters. Also, increasing the number of iterations in DE or SLSQP. 

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses by varying the parameters more. For example, for pulses, using frequencies from 2 to 10, duty cycles in more steps, etc. 

Also, the code uses a seed for the random generator, which is fixed. Changing the seed could lead to different initial guesses. 

But since the user's code starts with the initial_h_values, which could be a good starting point, maybe we can focus on improving the optimization steps. 

Another thing: the previous code has a 'gen_random' function that generates random h values. Maybe generating more structured random guesses, such as ensuring that the sum is correct and that the function has certain properties. 

But perhaps the main issue is the optimization method. Let's think about using DE with different parameters. For example, using a lower mutation factor or a different recombination strategy. 

In the code, the mutation is set to (0.5, 0.9), which is the range for the mutation factor. Maybe using a higher mutation factor could lead to more exploration. 

Alternatively, using a fixed mutation factor. 

Another thing: the code uses the 'full' mode for the correlate function. Wait, no, the code uses np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full'), which returns the cross-correlation. The length of the result is 2n -1. Then, the maximum of this is taken and multiplied by dx. 

But the 'full' mode returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. However, the problem is to find the maximum over all k. Since h is defined on [0, 2], the shifts k could be within a certain range. For example, the maximum shift would be 2, but the cross-correlation for shifts beyond certain points would be zero. So the maximum is likely to occur within a certain range. 

But the code correctly captures the maximum over all possible shifts by using mode 'full', which includes all shifts. 

Another aspect: the code computes the integral as max(np.correlate(...)*dx). But the cross-correlation in numpy is not exactly the same as the integral. Wait, the cross-correlation is the sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). But when the function is discretized, the integral is approximated by sum(h[i] * (1 - h[i + k])) * dx, where k is the shift. But the numpy correlate function with mode 'full' returns the sum for each shift. Therefore, the code is correct. 

So the code is correctly computing the overlap integrals. 

Now, considering all this, the key idea is to generate better initial guesses and optimize them more effectively. 

Perhaps the previous code uses a fixed set of guesses, but generating more guesses with varying parameters could lead to better results. 

In the code, the guesses are generated with pulses for frequencies 2-7, saw and triangle waves for duty cycles. Maybe adding more pulses with higher frequencies, or more variants of sawtooth and triangle waves. 

Also, the code uses a 'gen_random' function that creates a random guess. Perhaps generating more random guesses could help. 

Another thought: maybe the initial_guesses could be generated using more systematic approaches. For example, using a grid-based approach for frequencies and duty cycles. 

But given the time constraints, it's better to focus on adjusting the existing code. 

So, modifying the code to generate more initial guesses. For example, increasing the frequency range, adding more duty cycles. 

Alternatively, using a different approach for the initial guesses. 

Another possible improvement is to use a combination of different functions for the initial guesses. For example, including more waveforms or mixing different shapes. 

Additionally, the code's DE and SLSQP steps might be slowed down by the number of iterations. Maybe reducing the number of iterations for DE and relying more on SLSQP refinement. 

But the previous code already does that. 

Perhaps the main issue is that the initial_h_values is not optimal, and other initial guesses could be better. 

In the given code, the initial_h_values is provided, so the user can use it. But the code also generates other guesses. 

Another idea: using a combination of the initial guess and the generated guesses. For example, the initial guess could be one of the starting points. 

But I think the main idea is to generate more diverse initial guesses. 

Another thing to consider: the code uses SLSQP with a maximum of 150 iterations. Perhaps that's enough, but maybe increasing the tolerance or adjusting the ftol parameter could help. 

But this is getting a bit too into the weeds. To make progress, perhaps modifying the previous code to use a better optimization strategy. 

For example, instead of using SLSQP for all guesses, maybe use SLSQP only for the best guesses, or use a different method for refining. 

Alternatively, using the L-BFGS-B method for SLSQP, which is more efficient. 

Another possible change is to use a different initial guess for the optimization. For example, using the initial_h_values as the first guess, then exploring other guesses. 

But the user's previous code already does this. 

Considering all of the above, perhaps the best way to improve the code is to:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, especially for different waveforms.

2. Tune the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP optimization to find better solutions.

3. Increase the number of iterations for the optimization steps to explore more of the search space.

But with the time budget of 100 seconds, it's important to balance the number of iterations and the time spent. 

So, in the revised code, I can:

- Generate more initial guesses by varying frequencies and duty cycles more widely.

- Adjust the DE parameters, such as increasing the population size or the number of iterations.

- Use more aggressive SLSQP settings to refine the solutions.

Additionally, perhaps using a different method for the initial guess generation, such as generating functions with more complex patterns. 

Let me outline the changes to the code:

- For the guesses generation, add more pulse and sawtooth/triangle functions with varied parameters.

- For the differential evolution, increase the number of iterations or population size.

- For the SLSQP optimization, adjust the tolerance and maximum iterations.

But how to implement this concisely in the code while keeping it under the token limit?

Another idea: the previous code uses 20 random guesses. Maybe increasing that number or varying the parameters of the generated functions. 

Also, using a more efficient way to generate the initial guesses, like using different functions for the initial guesses. 

In the code, the 'guesses' list includes various generated functions. Adding more entries to this list would increase the chances of finding a better initial guess. 

Moreover, using a more sophisticated way to generate the initial guesses, such as varying the frequency and duty cycle in a more granular way. 

But given that the code is already quite long, I need to be concise. 

Perhaps the key change is to use a more diverse set of initial guesses and improve the optimization parameters. 

In the 'guesses' list, adding more functions. For example, adding more pulses with different frequencies, more sawtooth and triangle functions with different duty cycles. 

Also, for the DE parameters, increasing the maxiter from 30 to 50. 

Another thing: in the DE phase, the code runs 3 times. Maybe increasing the number of DE calls or the number of iterations. 

But given the time budget, perhaps it's better to balance these parameters. 

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the starting point and then generating other guesses based on it. 

In conclusion, the revised code will:

- Generate more varied initial guesses.

- Adjust the optimization parameters for better convergence.

- Use a combination of DE and SLSQP to refine the solutions.

Now, translating this into code changes.

The code's current guesses are generated with frequencies from 2 to 7, and duty cycles 0.2,0.3,0.4,0.5. Expanding these to higher frequencies and more duty cycles may help. 

For example, adding frequencies up to 10 and duty cycles in steps of 0.1. 

But in the code, each guess is stored in the guesses list. Adding more guesses will increase the number of iterations, but with the time budget, it's worth trying. 

Also, modifying the DE parameters to have more iterations and population size. 

Another idea: in the DE step, instead of running it three times, run it more times, but that may take more time. 

Alternatively, in the code's DE loop, after generating the initial guess, run DE and then SLSQP. 

Another possible change: the code's 'de_guess' function is called three times, each time with a different mutation. Maybe increasing the number of DE calls. 

But the code already has a loop that runs DE three times. 

Considering all that, here's a plan for the revised code:

1. Generate more initial guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles.

2. Adjust the DE parameters (population size, maxiter, mutation, etc.) for better exploration.

3. Optimize more thoroughly using SLSQP with tighter tolerances.

The code will be modified to include these changes. 

Finally, ensuring that the code doesn't exceed the token limit and is concise.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 10):
        for duty in [0.25, 0.35, 0.45]:
            guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, duty))
    for freq in [3, 5, 7]:
        for duty in [0.1, 0.25, 0.5, 0.75]:
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
            guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))
    for _ in range(25):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=40,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 25:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(6):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```