<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. My goal is to find a better construction with a lower C₅ value. 

First, looking at the previous code, they used SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize the step function h. They started with an initial guess and tried various pulse, sawtooth, and triangle wave patterns. But maybe there's a better approach. Let me think about alternative strategies.

The key is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since this is over the interval [0,2], when k is such that x + k stays within [0,2], the integral is over that region. But when k is larger, the overlap region shrinks, so the integral might be smaller. So the main challenge is to manage the overlaps for small shifts k where the integral is maximized.

The previous code used a combination of different waveforms and random guesses. Maybe I can explore more structured approaches. For example, using aperiodic patterns or dividing the interval into segments with specific properties. Also, the problem is similar to designing a signal that avoids overlaps with itself when shifted, which is related to the concept of a "sparse" function.

Another idea: since the integral is over the entire range, maybe splitting the interval into regions where h is 1 or 0 in a way that when shifted, the overlapping regions are minimized. For example, if we can have h(x) be 1 in non-overlapping regions, but that's probably not possible since the integral of h(x) must be 1. Wait, the integral is 1, so h is a density function that integrates to 1 over [0,2]. So maybe designing h as a combination of steps that are spaced in a way that when shifted, the product h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) is minimized for all k.

Another approach is to use a greedy algorithm or iterative optimization. Perhaps I can use a more efficient optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using Bayesian optimization or other hyperparameter tuning techniques could help, but given the time constraints, it's tricky.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point, but maybe generating other initial guesses with different patterns can lead to better results. For example, using a more regular pattern like a periodic function with higher frequency, or a piecewise constant function with varying widths.

Also, considering the constraints: the integral of h must be 1. So for n_points samples, the sum of h[i] must be n_points / 2. So for example, if n_points is 45, the sum is 22.5. The previous code uses 45 points. Maybe using a different number of points could help? But the problem says to prefer smaller sequences. However, the current code uses n=45, which is acceptable.

Another idea: the overlap integral for a shift k is equivalent to the inner product between h and (1 - h shifted by k). So to minimize the maximum of these inner products. This is similar to a problem in signal processing where you want a signal that has low cross-correlation with itself. The minimum possible value of the maximum cross-correlation would relate to the Erdős constant.

In such cases, using a set of points that are spread out in a way that their overlaps are minimized might be beneficial. Perhaps using a greedy algorithm to select positions where h is 1, ensuring that when shifted, they don't overlap too much.

But since the function is continuous and we are dealing with integrals, it's more of a continuous optimization problem. So maybe using some structure like a checkerboard pattern, but with varying intervals.

Another thought: the current code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe adjusting the optimization parameters could improve results. For example, increasing the number of iterations, or using a better initial guess. Also, perhaps using a multi-start optimization with different initial points.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is a convex optimization problem? Wait, the objective is to minimize the maximum of several convex functions, which makes it non-convex. So it's a non-convex optimization problem, which is hard. Hence, methods like SLSQP and differential evolution are suitable, but they can get stuck in local minima. So trying to generate more diverse initial guesses is crucial.

In the previous code, they generate various pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more types of functions as initial guesses could help. Also, maybe even random initial guesses could be better, but the problem is that the optimization may not find the global minimum from a random guess.

But given the time constraints, maybe focusing on a more structured initial guess and then using optimization techniques. For example, generate a set of points that are evenly spaced and then adjust them to meet the integral constraint. Or, construct h as a step function with a certain number of steps, each of which is a segment where h is 1 or 0.

Let me think about the structure of an optimal h. Suppose we divide the interval [0, 2] into m intervals, each of length L, and set h(x) to be 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others. Then the integral over [0,2] is sum of lengths of intervals where h is 1. To have the total integral be 1, the total length of the 1 regions must be 1. So for example, if we have m intervals, each of length L, then the number of intervals set to 1 is (1)/L. But the actual number of intervals would depend on how they are arranged.

But how to choose these intervals so that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, if the 1 regions are spaced apart, then shifting by small k would cause minimal overlap. However, the exact arrangement would need to be optimized.

This seems similar to the concept of a "noisy" or "randomized" function that's designed to avoid overlaps. Maybe using a structured regular pattern but with some randomness.

Alternatively, using a binary step function where the 1s are placed in certain positions. For example, if we have a period of T, and arrange the 1s in such a way that they are spaced by more than 1 unit apart. But that depends on the interval.

Another idea: perhaps using a function that is 1 in certain regions and 0 elsewhere, with the regions arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimal. For example, if the 1 regions are placed in a way that they are interleaved with 0 regions, but their positions are such that overlaps with shifted versions are minimized.

But how to model this? It's a bit vague. Maybe trying different patterns and seeing which ones perform better.

In terms of code structure, the previous code uses a combination of initial guesses and optimization. Perhaps I can refine the initial guesses, or generate more diverse ones. For example, instead of generating random guesses each time, I can generate more structured ones.

Another thought: maybe using a genetic algorithm for optimization. But the available libraries don't have a built-in genetic algorithm. Alternatively, using differential evolution, which is what the previous code uses. The previous code uses DE for a few iterations, then SLSQP for refinement. Maybe tweaking the parameters of DE and SLSQP could help. For example, increasing the population size in DE or adjusting the mutation rate.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of points (45), but perhaps trying different n_points could yield better results. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. Maybe trying 30 or 50 points is better.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given, and the code uses that. The user allows me to start from that. So perhaps building on the existing code but making changes.

Another thing: the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the cross-correlation over all possible shifts. But in reality, for the overlap integral, the shifts k must be such that the integral is over the overlapping region. However, the current code computes the full correlation and then takes the maximum value. That seems correct, as the maximum over all k would be the maximum of the cross-correlation, scaled by dx.

But is there a way to compute this more efficiently? Probably not necessary, as the code is already using numpy's correlate function.

Now, considering the current code's approach. The initial code starts with a given initial_h_values, then generates various patterns (pulses, sawtooth, triangle) and random guesses. Then uses SLSQP and DE to optimize. The best result is kept.

But maybe there's a way to make the initial guesses more informed. For example, instead of using random guesses, perhaps using a more structured randomization. For example, generating a function that is a combination of intervals with varying lengths.

Alternatively, trying to use a pattern that's similar to the known best solution. For instance, the known best solution for C₅ is around 0.38085. To beat that, the C₅ must be lower than 0.380876. So even a small improvement in the optimization could help.

Let me think about the previous code's steps. It generates a list of guesses, then for each guess, runs SLSQP optimization. Then runs DE for a few iterations. Then runs SLSQP again on the best guess.

Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. So generating more varied initial guesses could help. For example, including more types of patterns, like more pulse trains with different frequencies, or different duty cycles, or even using combinations of functions.

Another idea: perhaps using a more structured optimization approach. For example, using a gradient descent method with line search, but that might be difficult to implement for this problem.

Alternatively, focusing on the problem's constraints and trying to find an analytical approach. For example, considering that the overlap integral for a shift k is:

Integral_{x in [0, 2 -k]} h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx.

So to minimize the maximum of these over all k. 

This can be rephrased as: the function h should be designed so that it's "spread out" enough that when shifted, the overlapping regions are minimized. This is similar to the concept of a universal set of shifters or something similar.

Another approach is to use a binary function with as many non-overlapping regions as possible. However, with the integral constraint of 1 over [0,2], the number of regions would be limited. For example, if each region where h is 1 has length l, then the number of such regions is 1/l. But the actual number depends on the arrangement.

But this seems challenging. Let me think about possible implementations. For example, using a set of intervals that are spaced in a way that their shifts do not overlap much. 

Alternatively, using a hierarchical approach, where the function h is divided into multiple parts, each part designed to minimize the overlap with other parts when shifted.

But implementing this in code is non-trivial.

Given the time constraints and the need to write code that fits within the token limit, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code. Let's see.

In the previous code, the guesses include various waveform types. Maybe generating more of them, or trying different frequencies and duty cycles. Also, the random guesses are generated by taking random numbers, normalizing them, and scaling to the required sum. However, this might not be very effective. Maybe using a different strategy for generating initial guesses, such as using a grid of possible parameters, but that would require more computations.

Another thought: the current code uses SLSQP with a maximum of 150 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help, but that would take more time. However, the code has a time budget of 100 seconds, so I need to balance between the number of iterations and the number of guesses.

Additionally, the code uses differential evolution for a few iterations. Maybe using a higher population size or more iterations could help, but again, time is limited.

Another possible improvement is to use the fact that the problem's maximum is over all k. The number of possible k is large, but in practice, the maximum might be achieved for small k. Therefore, focusing the optimization on minimizing the overlap for small shifts might be more effective.

Alternatively, perhaps the current code could benefit from using more diverse initial guesses. For example, instead of generating random guesses every time, perhaps generating a set of guesses based on different patterns (like various pulse trains, triangle waves, etc.) and then optimizing each.

In terms of code modifications, perhaps the following steps:

1. Expand the initial guesses with more waveform types, such as square waves with different frequencies, or combinations of waves.

2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods (like the number of iterations for SLSQP and DE) to allow for more thorough exploration.

3. Use a more efficient initial guess based on the current best solution. For example, take the initial_h_values and apply some perturbations to it to generate new initial guesses.

4. Consider using a different optimization method. For instance, maybe the COBYLA method from scipy.optimize, which handles bounds and constraints more efficiently.

However, considering the code's existing structure, perhaps modifying the initial guesses and the number of iterations would yield better results.

Additionally, the code uses a fixed n_points of 45 (if the initial_h_values has that length). Maybe trying with a different n_points (like 50) could yield better results, but again, the problem prefers smaller sequences. However, if the code can handle it, maybe using a slightly larger n_points could help, but the code is already using 45.

Another idea: the current code generates 20 random guesses. Maybe increasing that number would allow more exploration, but the time might be a bottleneck. Alternatively, using a cheaper method to generate initial guesses, like generating a few structured patterns and then optimizing them.

In the previous code, the gen_random function generates a guess by taking random numbers, normalizing, and scaling. Maybe using a better random generation, like starting with a histogram of the initial_h_values and perturbing it.

Alternatively, perhaps using a method where the initial guess is a uniform distribution, but then adjusting to meet the sum constraint. However, the current code already does that.

In terms of code optimization, the previous code uses multiple loops and evaluates the objective function multiple times. To speed things up, perhaps using more efficient data structures or reducing redundant computations.

Another point: the evaluation of C5 is done by np.correlate, which is efficient. So the code's evaluation is probably fast enough.

In conclusion, the main areas to improve are:

- Generate more diverse and effective initial guesses.

- Adjust the optimization parameters (like number of iterations, population size in DE) to allow for better convergence.

- Maybe use a different optimization method or combine multiple methods.

But given the time constraints, perhaps modifying the number of initial guesses and the optimization parameters could yield better results. Also, considering that the previous code had a C5 of 0.381142, which is slightly worse than the current best of 0.38085. So the new code should aim to find a C5 lower than that.

Let me think about implementing these changes.

First, let's try to generate more structured initial guesses. For example, adding more types of waveforms with different parameters. The previous code has pulses, sawtooth, triangle. Maybe adding more like square waves or other periodic functions.

Alternatively, using a binary pattern where the function is 1 on certain intervals. For example, using a uniform distribution of 1s across the interval, but with some spacing.

Another idea: split the interval [0,2] into segments and assign 1 to certain segments. For example, if the interval is divided into m segments, and we select k segments to be 1, ensuring that the total length is 1. For example, if m is 4, then each segment is 0.5 units long. Choosing 2 segments (with total length 1), and placing them in positions that minimize overlap when shifted.

But how to model this in code? Maybe generating various such patterns and using them as initial guesses.

In code, this could be done by creating an array where certain positions are set to 1 and others to 0, with the total sum being n_points / 2. However, with n_points=45, this would require precise placement.

Alternatively, using a Gaussian-like function, but that might not be optimal.

But perhaps generating a regular pattern where the function is 1 in certain intervals. For example, a square wave with a certain frequency.

But the previous code already uses gen_pulses for that. Maybe that's sufficient.

Alternatively, considering that the current code uses a 45-point initial guess. Maybe trying a different frequency for the pulses. For example, varying the frequency in the gen_pulses function.

Another thing: in the previous code, the gen_saw and gen_triangle functions may not be fully utilized. Perhaps generating more variations here could help.

But without making the code too complex, I need to focus on refining the existing approach.

Another possible improvement is to use a combination of different waveform types as initial guesses. For example, include more duty cycles or different frequencies in the generated guesses.

Additionally, the code's DE optimization is run for a few iterations. Increasing the number of iterations might help, but it would take more time. However, the code has a time budget, so it's a trade-off.

Given that, perhaps modifying the code as follows:

- Increase the number of initial guesses generated, such as by adding more waveforms with different parameters.

- Increase the number of iterations in the SLSQP optimization.

- Adjust the DE parameters to allow for more exploration.

But how to implement this in code concisely?

Let me try to outline the modified code steps:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.

2. Generate a variety of initial guesses, including:

   - Pulse waves with different frequencies and duty cycles.

   - Sawtooth waves with various duty cycles.

   - Triangle waves with varying duty cycles.

   - Random guesses, but with more diversity in their generation.

3. For each guess, perform SLSQP optimization with more iterations, possibly.

4. Run DE optimization with more iterations and a larger population size.

Additionally, making sure that the code stays within the time budget.

Another optimization: precompute the correlation matrix and use it in the objective function, but that might not be necessary.

Alternatively, using a better initial guess. For example, using the initial_h_values and applying a small perturbation to it. But that might not be helpful.

Another idea: the problem requires minimizing the maximum of several integrals. Perhaps using a multi-objective optimization approach, but that's more complex.

Alternatively, using a penalty method to penalize larger overlaps, but the current objective function already does this by taking the maximum.

Given the time constraints, I'll proceed to modify the previous code by:

- Increasing the number of random guesses.

- Adding more waveform types as initial guesses.

- Adjusting the number of iterations in the DE and SLSQP steps.

Also, trying to use different optimization methods if possible.

But since the time is limited, I'll focus on the code structure and make sure that the initial guesses are more diverse.

Another possible adjustment: instead of generating 20 random guesses, generate more. For example, 30 or 40. However, that would increase the computation time. But maybe the code can handle it with the given budget.

Another thing: the previous code's DE runs for 3 iterations. Increasing that to 5 or 6 could allow for more exploration.

Moreover, the previous code uses the same n_points as the initial_h_values. If the code can use a different n_points, perhaps that would help. But since the initial_h_values is provided, the code must use that n_points. However, the code can be modified to try different n_points. But the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe a larger n_points would allow for more precise control.

But the code is already using 45 points. Maybe trying with n_points=60 or 90, but that would increase the time. However, the code's current time budget is 100 seconds. It's possible that with more points, the code might be too slow.

Therefore, the code should stick with the initial_n_points of 45.

Putting this together, here's an outline of the modified code:

- Generate more initial guesses by varying the frequency and duty cycles of the waveforms.

- Increase the number of random guesses.

- Run DE with more iterations and a larger population.

- Use a higher number of iterations in SLSQP optimization.

But how to implement this in code concisely?

The code will have to include more loops for generating initial guesses. For example, adding more frequencies and duty cycles.

Also, the code may need to use a different method for generating random guesses. For example, instead of generating truly random guesses, use a Kronecker delta-based pattern where the initial guess is a step function with certain properties.

But given the time, the best approach is to modify the previous code by expanding the initial guesses and adjusting the optimization parameters.

So, here's the plan for the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

2. Generate initial guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles for pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves.

3. Generate more random guesses.

4. Run SLSQP optimization for each guess with more iterations.

5. Run DE optimization with increased parameters.

6. Keep track of the best result found.

Now, implementing this in code.

The previous code had:

guesses = [h]
for freq in range(2, 8):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
for _ in range(20):
    guesses.append(gen_random())

Maybe expanding the freq range, adding more duty cycles, and adding more types of functions.

For example, adding more frequencies and duty cycles for the waveforms.

Also, adding more pulse frequencies.

In the code, the gen_pulses function is called with freq from 2 to 7. Maybe extending this to higher frequencies.

Similarly, adding more duty cycles for sawtooth and triangle waves.

Moreover, generating more random guesses. Instead of 20, maybe 30.

Additionally, adjusting the number of iterations in the SLSQP and DE steps.

Another change: in the DE step, increasing the number of iterations and using a higher population size.

But given the code's budget, I need to make sure that the code runs within 100 seconds.

Now, modifying the code accordingly.

In code:

- For gen_pulses, increase the frequency range. For example, from 2 to 10.

- For gen_saw and gen_triangle, add more duty cycles, like 0.1, 0.6, 0.7, etc.

- Increase the number of random guesses.

- Run DE for more iterations.

Also, in the SLSQP optimization, increase the maxiter parameter.

But the code already has a maxiter of 150. Perhaps increasing that to 200 or 300.

But the previous code has:

res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                       constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                       options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-9})

Maybe increasing maxiter to 200.

In the DE step:

res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=30,
                                         mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)

Increasing maxiter to 50 or 60.

But this may take more time, so trade-offs are needed.

Moreover, in the code, after the initial guesses, the DE runs for 3 iterations. Then, the code refines the best guess with SLSQP again.

To summarize, the modified code will have:

- More initial guesses with varied parameters.

- Higher iteration counts for SLSQP and DE.

- More random guesses.

With these changes, the code may find a better solution.

Now, translating this into code.

Another possible improvement is to use a different starting point for the optimization, such as the initial_h_values, and then perturbing it to generate new guesses.

But the code already starts with the initial_h_values and uses it as the first guess.

In conclusion, the code should be modified with these changes to increase the chances of finding a better C5 value.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 12):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(4, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(4, duty))
    for _ in range(30):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.85, tol=1e-10)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 40:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(7):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```