<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for C₅, which is the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is to get it down to 0.380876. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize a step function h(x) that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. 

First, I should think about why the current approach might not be sufficient. The previous code starts with an initial guess and uses various functions like pulses and sawtooth waves. Then it uses SLSQP and differential evolution to refine. But perhaps this is getting stuck in local minima, or the optimization isn't efficient enough.

I remember that for such optimization problems, especially with constraints, using different algorithms or combining them might yield better results. Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, which is a max function, maybe I need to focus on reducing the maximum value of the convolution. 

Another thought: the current approach uses a step function with n_points samples. Maybe increasing the number of points could lead to better precision, but the problem states that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred for speed. So maybe using a smaller n_points but more sophisticated optimization.

Wait, the initial code uses n_points=45, which is the length of initial_h_values. The user might want to stick with that or try a different n_points. But the problem says to use the initial_h_values if available, which is given. So perhaps keeping n_points=45 and focusing on optimizing that.

The previous code uses several different guesses (pulses, sawtooth, etc.) but maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, using more structured patterns or considering symmetry. Also, the current code uses a fixed set of functions, which may not cover the optimal shape.

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy approach, where we iteratively adjust the h function to reduce the maximum overlap. Or using gradient-based methods with more sophisticated constraints.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is the convolution of h and (1-h), the maximum value of this convolution over all shifts corresponds to the maximum overlap. To minimize this maximum, perhaps we need to make h(x) as spread out as possible, avoiding overlaps. Maybe using a periodic pattern that's evenly distributed.

But how to translate that into an algorithm? Maybe using a combination of different waveforms, or constructing h(x) with certain properties like high symmetry or low autocorrelation.

Wait, the current code uses the initial_h_values. Maybe the initial guess is not optimal. If there's a better way to generate the initial guess, that could help. For example, using a random permutation with certain constraints, or a more structured initial setup.

Another consideration: the optimization problem is a constrained optimization with bounds and equality constraints. SLSQP is suitable, but maybe with better hyperparameters. Also, the previous code uses multiple initial guesses, which might not be efficient. Perhaps using a metaheuristic like genetic algorithms could be more effective in exploring the search space. However, the problem mentions using scipy's functions, and differential evolution is part of that.

Wait, the current code uses differential evolution for a few iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters could help. Also, combining differential evolution with SLSQP refinement might be better.

Another thing: the current code applies SLSQP after DE to refine the solution. Maybe doing more rounds of DE followed by SLSQP could lead to better results. Also, the DE has a population size of 50, which might be too high for the budget. Maybe reducing it to 20 or 30 to save time.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses by varying parameters, such as different frequencies, duties, and even more complex patterns. For example, using a combination of multiple pulses or more complex waveforms.

Alternatively, perhaps exploring the problem in a different way. For example, instead of trying to directly minimize the maximum overlap, maybe considering the integral as a function of the shift and trying to find the minimum over that. But that's too abstract.

Another approach: since the integral is over a full convolution, the maximum shift is up to 2 (since the interval is [0,2]). Maybe the maximum occurs at certain shifts, so we can model it as a function of shifts and minimize that. However, this seems similar to the current approach.

Wait, maybe using a different optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP with equality constraints (sum h=1). But perhaps using a different method like COBYLA or trust-constrained could be better, especially if there are more constraints. However, since the problem has only one equality constraint, maybe SLSQP is still the best.

Another idea: the current code allows for different initial guesses, but maybe adding more structured initial guesses, like binary patterns that spread the function evenly. For example, a binary function with periodicity that minimizes overlap. However, generating such patterns algorithmically might be challenging.

Alternatively, maybe using a gradient-based approach with a better initial guess. For instance, starting with a function that has certain properties like low autocorrelation, which is similar to the problem's requirement.

Wait, the problem is similar to designing a signal with minimal peak sidelobe level. In radar and communications, such problems are addressed using techniques like optimal pulse shaping. Maybe applying similar principles here.

But how to implement that? Maybe using Fourier methods. Since the convolution is the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. Minimizing the maximum of this cross-correlation. The Fourier transform approach could involve finding a function h(x) whose transform has minimal maximum value when combined with the transform of (1-h). However, this is abstract and might not be straightforward to code.

Alternatively, considering that the cross-correlation is the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)), which can be expressed in terms of the Fourier transform. The maximum value might be related to the maximum of the product of the transforms, but I'm not sure.

Maybe I should focus on improving the optimization approach. The current code runs SLSQP after DE, but perhaps the optimization is not efficient. Maybe using a better initial guess would help, or adjusting the optimization parameters.

Another point: the current code uses a fixed set of initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses by varying parameters, such as using different waveforms, or modifying the existing guesses. For example, for each frequency, trying different duty cycles or mixing multiple waveforms.

Alternatively, maybe using a different strategy for generating initial guesses. For instance, creating a function that is a combination of multiple pulses spaced apart to minimize overlaps. But how to code that?

Alternatively, maybe using a convex relaxation approach. Since the problem is non-convex, but perhaps approximating it with convex constraints. However, I'm not sure how to do that here.

Another thing to consider is that the current code uses a fixed n_points. Maybe trying different n_points could help. For example, maybe a smaller n_points allows for faster optimization and better exploration. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe keeping n_points=45 or similar.

Wait, the initial_h_values is of length 45. So perhaps the code uses that as the starting point. Maybe the initial guess is already good, but the optimization is stuck. So, perhaps trying to improve the optimization steps.

In the previous code, after generating some initial guesses, it applies SLSQP with a limited number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP, or using a better tolerance.

Also, the current code uses differential evolution with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations, but keeping within the budget. For example, in the previous code, DE runs for 30 iterations with a population size of 50, which may be too much for the budget. Maybe reducing that and making more use of SLSQP.

Another idea: the current code uses the max of the correlation as the objective. But maybe the maximum is achieved at certain shifts. Could we precompute the shifts that are most likely to give the maximum and focus the optimization there? However, that's similar to the current approach.

Alternatively, using a different objective function that's easier to optimize. For example, using the average of the correlation or some other metric, but that's not the same as the maximum.

Hmm. I'm not sure. Let me think about the previous code's approach. It uses a combination of DE and SLSQP. Maybe the code could be improved by:

1. Using a better initial guess.
2. Refining the optimization steps with more iterations or better parameters.
3. Exploring a more diverse set of initial guesses.
4. Using a different optimization algorithm, like a genetic algorithm or particle swarm.

But the problem allows using scipy's functions, which include differential evolution, SLSQP, etc. Maybe using a different combination.

Alternatively, maybe using a mixed approach where we first perform a global search with differential evolution and then more local optimization with SLSQP.

Another point: the current code's DE runs with 'mutation' (0.5, 0.9) and 'recombination' 0.8. Maybe adjusting these parameters to get better exploration.

Alternatively, trying to find a way to make the initial guesses more effective. For example, generating initial guesses based on the golden ratio or other distribution to spread out the function evenly.

Wait, the previous code uses gen_pulses and gen_saw functions. Maybe generating a more complex initial guess by combining multiple functions. For example, combining different frequencies or varying the duty cycles.

Alternatively, maybe using a random permutation where the function is 1 at certain points and 0 otherwise, but ensuring the sum is correct. For example, placing the 1s in positions that are spread out over the interval. This could be a better initial guess than uniform random.

But generating such a permutation may be computationally intensive. However, for the initial guess, perhaps generating a random binary vector with certain properties.

Wait, the sum of h must be n_points / 2. So for the initial guess, if it's a binary vector (0 or 1), then the number of 1s must be exactly half the length. So for n_points even, that's possible. For example, n=45 is odd, so it's not possible to have exactly half. Wait, the initial_h_values have sum(h) = n_points / 2 exactly. So the initial_h_values must be such that the sum is exactly that. Therefore, the initial guess is a real-valued function, not binary. So maybe generating initial guesses with more structured patterns could be better.

Another idea: instead of using random initial guesses, use patterns that are known to have low autocorrelation. For example, a binary sequence with low cross-correlation. Such as a Barker code. However, Barker codes are for specific lengths and may not be directly applicable here. But perhaps a similar approach.

Alternatively, using a more systematic way to generate the initial guess. For example, using a sine wave with certain parameters, or a combination of multiple sine waves.

But how to implement that in code? Maybe generating a function that is a sum of sinusoids with different frequencies, amplitudes, and phases, adjusted to meet the sum constraint.

Alternatively, the current code uses the gen_pulses, gen_saw, etc. functions. Maybe trying more functions, like a triangular wave or modified square waves.

Another thought: perhaps the optimal function h(x) is periodic. Since the interval is [0,2], a function with period 2 would repeat. So maybe constraining the function to have a certain period could help. For example, making h(x) symmetric around x=1 or some other point.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral is over the entire interval, maybe the function h(x) should be designed to minimize the overlap with its shifted versions. This is similar to designing a signal with minimal cross-correlation, which is related to the concept of a "good" set of points.

In the previous code, the initial guesses are based on various waveforms. But maybe generating a more optimal waveform by finding the parameters that minimize the maximum overlap. However, this is again an optimization problem.

So perhaps the best approach is to improve the optimization steps. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses, using better parameters for the optimization algorithms, and possibly switching between different algorithms.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of the convolution, which is a non-convex function, the optimization is challenging. Maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the search space more efficiently. However, scipy doesn't have a Bayesian optimization function readily available, unless using other libraries, which are not allowed here.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm. The DE method is a type of evolutionary algorithm, but perhaps tweaking the parameters of DE could help. For example, increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the mutation and recombination rates.

Wait, in the previous code, the DE runs for 3 iterations, with a population of 50. Maybe increasing the number of iterations to 5 or 10. But the budget is only 100 seconds. So the code needs to be efficient.

Another approach: since the problem requires minimizing the maximum of the convolution, perhaps the maximum occurs at certain shifts. For example, shifts of 1, 2, or other specific values. Maybe the code can be modified to evaluate and optimize for those specific shifts, instead of the full convolution.

But the original problem states that C5 is the maximum over all k, so the code needs to consider all possible shifts. So that approach may not be feasible.

Another thought: the current code computes the convolution using 'full' mode, which gives the full cross-correlation. However, the maximum could be achieved at specific positions. Maybe the code can focus on the central part of the convolution, but that's not certain.

Alternatively, the code could sample the convolution at specific points, but again, this is not guaranteed to find the maximum.

So maybe the previous approach is as good as it gets, but with some modifications.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code uses a number of initial guesses, then applies DE and SLSQP. Maybe adding more initial guesses could help. For example, generating a few more pulses or other waveforms with different parameters.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex algorithm for the SLSQP steps. Or using a combination of different optimization techniques.

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed seed for the initial random guesses. Perhaps varying the seed could lead to different solutions, but the problem specifies that the code is called with seed=42, so the code should use that.

Another idea: the code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. Maybe the initial guess is quite good, and the code could focus on refining it further. So perhaps increasing the number of SLSQP iterations or using a better tolerance.

In the previous code, the SLSQP calls have a maxiter of 150 and ftol of 1e-9. Maybe reducing ftol to 1e-8 or similar would allow for more iterations. Or increasing maxiter.

Also, after the initial guesses, the code runs DE for a few iterations and then SLSQP. Maybe doing more DE steps with different parameters.

Another point: the DE is using a mutation of (0.5, 0.9), which is a range for the mutation factor. Maybe adjusting this to a lower or higher value to explore the search space better.

In terms of code structure, the previous code is a bit lengthy. To make it more efficient, maybe precompute the initial guesses and generate them in a systematic way.

Alternatively, using a different approach for generating initial guesses. For example, using a binary pattern with equally spaced 1s and 0s. But for n_points=45, which is odd, that's not possible. So, perhaps using a binary pattern with a slight deviation.

But how to code that?

Alternatively, using a function that's a pulse train with certain spacing. For example, placing pulses at certain positions. But again, generating this systematically.

Another idea: since the problem is about the maximum overlap, perhaps the function h(x) should be designed to avoid overlapping with itself when shifted. This is similar to a set of non-overlapping intervals. So, maybe designing h(x) to be 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, but ensuring that shifting it doesn't overlap much.

But how to translate that into a step function. For example, if the function is 1 on two non-overlapping intervals, then shifting it would overlap with itself in certain ways. However, the challenge is to choose the positions of these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap.

But this seems too abstract for code. However, for the initial guess, maybe generating such a pattern could help.

But with n_points=45 and the function sum being fixed, it's difficult to do that. However, maybe using a grid that divides the interval [0,2] into equal parts, and selecting some of them to be 1.

For example, if the function is 1 on certain points spaced every two units, but that would be very low. Hmm.

Alternatively, for the initial guess, create a function that is 1 over certain intervals and 0 elsewhere. For example, using a binary pattern with 1s and 0s, but ensuring the sum is correct.

But for the initial_h_values, the code uses a specific predefined array, so perhaps the code should use that and then optimize further.

Alternatively, generate initial guesses as follows: create a function that is 1 over half the interval, but shifted. For example, the first 22.5 points are 1 and the rest are 0, but adjusted to meet the sum constraint. But the initial_h_values may already be optimized for that.

In summary, the improvements I can think of are:

1. Improve the initial guesses by generating more diverse and structured patterns.
2. Adjust the optimization parameters for SLSQP and DE to allow better convergence.
3. Increase the number of optimization iterations within the budget.
4. Use a different combination of optimization methods for global and local search.

Since the previous code uses SLSQP and DE, perhaps the code can be modified to use more DE steps followed by more SLSQP steps. Also, varying the initial guesses more.

Another idea: using the 'L-BFGS-B' method for the SLSQP steps, which is good for bound-constrained problems. But the problem has an equality constraint as well.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with more parameters, like better tolerance.

So, modifying the code to increase the number of iterations for DE and SLSQP, and generating more varied initial guesses.

Now, translating this into code:

- Generate more initial guesses by varying frequencies and duties for the pulse and sawtooth functions.
- Increase the number of DE iterations.
- Run more SLSQP refinements.

But the code needs to stay within the time budget. So, perhaps reducing the population size in DE and increasing the number of generations.

Another thing: in the previous code, after generating initial guesses, it runs DE for a few iterations. Maybe combining DE with more SLSQP steps.

Now, considering the code structure, perhaps precompute more initial guesses by generating different waveforms. For example, in the previous code, they generate pulses for frequencies 2-7, sawtooth for duty cycles 0.2-0.5, and random guesses. Maybe expanding this list.

But with limited time, perhaps adding more guesses is not feasible. So, perhaps focusing on the optimization steps.

Another approach: instead of using gen_random() for initial guesses, use a more systematic initial guess. For example, creating a function that is a sine wave with certain parameters.

But again, without knowing the optimal parameters, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the first guess, and then running DE and SLSQP with more iterations.

Another thing to consider: the current code returns the best solution found after all iterations. To improve this, the code could run multiple rounds of DE and SLSQP, each time using the best solution from the previous round as the starting point.

This way, each iteration refines the solution further.

So, the code could have a loop where it runs DE and SLSQP multiple times, each time using the current best solution as the starting guess.

However, within the budget of 100 seconds, this might be feasible.

Putting all these ideas together, here's a potential plan for the code:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as the initial guess.
2. Run differential evolution with a population size and iterations that allow exploration.
3. Refine the best solution found with SLSQP, adjusting parameters to allow more iterations.
4. Repeat the DE and SLSQP steps multiple times, each time using the previous best solution as the starting point.
5. Track the best solution found throughout the process.
6. Use a combination of different initial guesses to avoid local optima.

Now, translating this into code:

- Increase the number of DE iterations and population size, but within the budget.
- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point for DE.
- For the DE, perhaps decrease the population size to speed up.
- For SLSQP, increase the maxiter and ftol.

Another thing: in the previous code, the DE has a mutation of (0.5, 0.9), which may be too broad. Perhaps adjusting this to (0.3, 0.7) or similar to focus more on exploration or exploitation.

In code, modifying the DE parameters to have a better balance.

Also, the current code runs DE for 3 iterations. Maybe increasing that to 5 or 10, but adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Another idea: using a more efficient objective function evaluation. For example, precomputing the convolution once and reusing it. But the objective function is already computed as part of the code.

Now, considering the code's structure, here's how I can modify the previous code:

- Generate more initial guesses by varying parameters for the generated functions.
- Increase the number of DE iterations and population size.
- Use better parameters for SLSQP.
- Run multiple rounds of optimization, using the previous best as the starting point.

But I need to make sure that the code stays within the time budget. For example, using DE with a smaller population and fewer iterations but more refinements with SLSQP.

Alternatively, use DE once, then refine with SLSQP multiple times.

Another consideration: the current code uses a for loop for guesses and runs SLSQP on each. Maybe replacing that with a few more DE runs and SLSQP refinements.

In conclusion, the revised code should focus on better optimization parameters, more diverse initial guesses, and more thorough refinement of the solution through multiple optimization steps. The key is to ensure that the code efficiently explores the search space and refines the solution within the given budget.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    def gen_binary():
        mask = np.random.choice([0, 1], size=n_points, p=[0.5, 0.5])
        mask = mask.astype(float)
        mask = mask / np.sum(mask) * target_sum
        return mask

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 8):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(20):
        guesses.append(gen_random())
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_binary())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=20, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-10)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```