<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is essentially the maximum of the correlation between h(x) and 1 - h(x + k) over all k. The current best bound is around 0.38085, and I need to try to get even lower, like 0.380876 or better.

The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization methods, starting from some initial guesses. But maybe I can find a better approach. Let me think about possible improvements.

First, the initial construction is given as initial_h_values with n=45 points. Maybe starting from there is good, but perhaps other initializations could help. The previous code tried various pulse, sawtooth, and triangle wave patterns as initial guesses. Maybe I should consider more diverse initializations, or perhaps explore different structures.

Another thought: the problem is similar to optimizing a function under constraints, which could be approached with more sophisticated optimization techniques. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe using a different method or adjusting parameters could lead to better results. For example, maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach or a genetic algorithm with more tuning.

But given the time constraint of 100 seconds, perhaps a more efficient method is needed. Also, considering that the previous code uses a lot of random guesses, which might not be the most effective. Maybe a better approach is to use a gradient-based method with careful tuning of the objective function and constraints.

Wait, the objective function is the maximum correlation. Correlation can be tricky to minimize because it's a max over many different shifts. How can I structure the optimization to handle this?

Alternative idea: Since the correlation is over multiple shifts, maybe I can model this as an optimization problem where for each shift k, the integral is considered, and we want the maximum of these to be minimized. However, the maximum is a non-differentiable function, which complicates the use of gradient-based methods. So perhaps using a penalty approach where the objective is the maximum of the integrals plus some penalty term for violating the constraints.

Alternatively, since the previous code uses scipy.optimize, maybe trying different solvers. For example, using the 'COBYLA' method which handles bounds and constraints without needing gradients. Or using 'L-BFGS-B' with some transformations.

Another angle: the constraints are that the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1. So the sum of h's samples multiplied by dx equals 1. The previous code enforces this with a constraint function. Maybe there are ways to make the optimization more efficient by handling the constraints better, or by reparameterizing the problem.

But the main issue is how to find a good h that minimizes the maximum overlap. Let me think about the structure of h. The current best solution might be a piecewise constant function with certain regions where it's 1, 0, or something in between. To minimize overlap, we want h(x) and 1-h(x+k) to be as low as possible. That suggests that h(x) should avoid being 1 or 0 in regions where x +k would be in areas where h(x +k) is 1 or 0. So h(x) should have some periodicity or symmetry that balances these overlaps.

Another idea: Since the problem is over the interval [0, 2], perhaps considering functions that are periodic with period 1, but since the interval is [0,2], maybe splitting it into two intervals. For example, h(x) could be designed such that overlapping with h(x +k) is minimized for k up to 1. But how to structure that?

Alternatively, using a structure that's similar to the known optimal solutions for Erdős problem. For example, the optimal h for C₅ might have a certain number of "blocks" where h is 1, then 0, etc., arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. Maybe a checkerboard pattern or some kind of frequency modulation.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to code that. So perhaps focusing on the optimization approach.

The previous code uses several initial guesses, including random ones. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using different pulse widths, different frequencies, or even combining multiple waveforms.

Another thing: the code uses a fixed number of sampling points, n_points. The initial solution has n_points=45, but maybe using more points could lead to a better solution? But the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. However, given that the current code uses 45 points, maybe increasing to 60 or 80 could help, but need to check if it fits within the time budget. However, the code's current setup uses 45 points, so maybe trying larger n_points could be worth exploring.

Wait, but the problem states that the user's previous program had an initial construction with n=45 points, and the current code is supposed to start from that. So perhaps using the same n=45 points, but trying different optimization strategies.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization strategy. The previous code uses SLSQP with 150 iterations and then differential evolution. Maybe using more advanced optimization techniques like genetic algorithms with better parameter tuning, or using a combination of methods.

Another thought: the previous code uses differential evolution in a loop, but perhaps that's too time-consuming. Instead, using a more efficient method, like a local search with the best initial guess, or using a Bayesian optimization approach that focuses on promising regions of the search space.

But given that all these methods are computationally intensive, I need to find a way to balance between exploration and exploitation within the 100 seconds.

Another angle: the objective function is max_k [integral h(x) (1 - h(x+k)) dx]. The integral can be thought of as the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k. So, for each k, we compute the overlap and take the maximum. To minimize this maximum, the function h should be designed so that for all shifts, the overlap is as small as possible.

Maybe the optimal h is constructed with a certain number of intervals where it is 1 or 0, arranged to minimize overlaps. For example, if h is 1 on a subset of [0,2] and 0 elsewhere, the overlap for a shift k would be the area where both h(x) and 1 - h(x+k) are 1. But since h(x) is 1 on some set A and 0 elsewhere, then 1 - h(x+k) is 1 when x+k is not in A. So the overlap would be the measure of x in A where x +k is not in A. But this seems complex.

Alternatively, if h is a step function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 otherwise. For example, if h has periodicity that avoids having high overlaps for any shift. However, designing such a function requires careful balancing.

But without knowing the exact structure, perhaps the optimization approach is the way to go. Let me think about how to modify the previous code.

In the previous code, the initial guesses are a combination of pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Maybe generating more initial guesses, or using different types of functions. For example, maybe using a combination of different waveforms or more complex patterns.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations, or using a different solver. Also, maybe adjusting the convergence criteria to allow for more thorough optimization.

Another thing: the code runs SLSQP on each guess, which might be time-consuming. Perhaps trying to run more efficient methods first, and then using SLSQP to refine. For example, starting with a genetic algorithm to get a good candidate, then applying SLSQP locally.

But since I have to fit this into 100 seconds, perhaps using a hybrid approach where some initial exploration is done with differential evolution, followed by local optimization.

Wait, in the previous code, they do differential evolution for a few iterations and then use SLSQP on the best result. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in the differential evolution could help. Or maybe adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution, like population size, mutation, recombination, etc.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed set of initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses by varying parameters in a more systematic way. For example, varying the frequency and duty cycle of pulses and waves, or creating more diverse structures.

Alternatively, perhaps using symmetry. Since the problem is over [0,2], maybe the optimal h is symmetric around 1. For example, if the function is symmetric, it might help in balancing overlaps.

Alternatively, maybe using a model that's a combination of multiple pulses. For instance, if h has several disjoint intervals where it's 1, spaced in such a way that shifting by k doesn't cause too much overlap.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, this is speculative. Let's think about the code structure.

The code in the previous version uses a combination of methods. The current code could benefit from:

1. Using more efficient initial guesses.
2. Tweaking the optimization methods to allow better convergence.
3. Possibly using a more suitable solver for the constraints.
4. Exploring different structures for h that might be better than the initial ones.

Let me think about the constraints. The sum of h needs to be exactly target_sum (n_points / 2). The previous code uses the SLSQP method with equality constraints. But maybe using a different solver or adding more constraints could help.

Another point: the evaluation of the objective function is done by computing the correlation. However, the correlation for the full mode gives the values for all lags. For the interval [0,2], the maximum lag would be 2. So, when using np.correlate with 'full' mode, the number of lags is 2n_points - 1. But the actual shifts k that are relevant are those where the overlap is significant. For example, shifts that are small (like up to 1) might be the most critical.

But in the current code, it's taking the maximum of all these, which might be computationally expensive. However, with n_points=45, it's manageable.

Another optimization idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of the integrals, perhaps using a different objective function where the maximum is approximated, or using a penalty term that captures this.

Alternatively, using a Monte Carlo method to estimate the maximum, but that might not be helpful here.

Now, thinking about how to proceed with code changes. The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and DE. Maybe trying to use more efficient optimization methods, such as using a Bayesian optimization library like skopt, which could be more effective in higher dimensions. However, scikit-learn's Bayesian optimization might require more setup, and the time constraints may not allow it.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimizer. For example, in the previous code, the SLSQP method had options like 'ftol' set to 1e-9. Maybe increasing the 'ftol' to allow faster convergence, but this could lead to suboptimal results.

Another idea is to use a multi-start approach with the SLSQP method, but starting from multiple diverse initial points. The problem is that generating diverse initial points is time-consuming. However, the previous code does generate some structured initial guesses, so perhaps expanding that.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with a rigorous mutation and crossover strategy. However, scipy's differential evolution is a form of genetic algorithm, but perhaps tweaking its parameters could yield better results.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is run for a few iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help, but that uses more time. The code has a check to break early if time is running out.

Another thing: the initial guesses include some random guesses. Maybe generating more random initial points could help find a better solution. However, random guesses may not be as effective as structured ones.

Alternatively, using a grid search over some parameters. For example, varying the number of intervals or the positions of the intervals. But this is not straightforward.

Another approach: since the problem is similar to a two-player game, where one wants to maximize the overlap and the other to minimize it. This is a minimax problem. Optimizing such a problem with gradient-based methods can be challenging, but perhaps using a more robust optimization method.

In the code, the objective function is the maximum of the integrals. However, the maximum is a non-smooth function, making it difficult to optimize with gradient-based methods. The SLSQP method requires gradients, but since the objective is the maximum of smooth functions, the gradient might be approximated via subgradients. However, the previous code uses the 'max' function directly, which might not be handled well by the solver.

Wait, the code uses the 'obj' function as the maximum of the correlation results. This is where the non-differentiability comes in. So, the objective function is non-smooth, which could make the optimization challenging. Perhaps using a smoothed maximum function, or using a surrogate that approximates the maximum.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective optimization approach where the objective is the sum of the integrals, but that might not directly help with the max.

Hmm. This seems like a dead end. So perhaps the best approach is to stick with the current methods but try to optimize the parameters.

In the previous code, the SLSQP method is called with 'maxiter' of 150. Maybe increasing this number could allow better convergence. But the time budget is tight.

Another idea: the code uses a fixed n_points of 45. Maybe trying different n_points, such as 60 or 80, could yield better results. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe using 45 is better. But if increasing n_points allows for a better approximation, perhaps that's worth trying. However, with the time constraint, it's not clear.

Wait, the original problem says that the previous code used n=45, and the user is to improve upon that. So changing n_points might not be beneficial, but perhaps trying.

Another thing: the initial_h_values is given. The previous code starts from that. Maybe exploring different starting points could help. For example, using the initial_h_values, but perturbing it slightly, or using a different initial construction.

But since the user says that the initial_h_values is given, perhaps using that is the best way to start.

Now, looking back at the code, perhaps the main issue is that the optimization is not thorough enough. The code runs a few iterations of differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP or DE could help.

Alternatively, using the 'BFGS' method with bounds could be tried, but it's not clear.

Another thought: the code uses the 'SLSQP' method with equality constraints on the sum. However, the problem allows for the h values to be in [0,1]. The previous code uses the bounds as (0., 1.) for all points.

Perhaps trying to use the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a bounded optimization method, and see if it performs better. However, since the objective is non-smooth, the gradient might not be accurate, leading to poor convergence.

Alternatively, using a method that can handle non-smooth objectives, like the 'COBYLA' method, which doesn't require gradients.

Let me think: COBYLA is suitable for problems with bounds and constraints. It uses a derivative-free approach. So maybe switching the SLSQP calls to COBYLA could help, especially for the initial optimization steps.

Another change: in the previous code, after generating a few guesses via the structured methods, it runs SLSQP on them, then runs DE, then refines with SLSQP again. Perhaps that sequence could be adjusted. For example, after DE, run more iterations of SLSQP on the best solution.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where after getting a good guess from DE, run SLSQP with more iterations and tighter tolerances.

In the code, after DE, the best_h is refined with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP here could help. Also, perhaps adjusting the ftol parameter to a higher value to allow more iterations.

In the previous code, the SLSQP options are {'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-9}. Maybe reducing ftol could allow more iterations and better optimization.

But given the time constraints, this is a delicate balance.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed 'dx' based on the initial n_points. If we can dynamically adjust the number of points, but given that the code must use the initial_h_values (which has n_points=45), perhaps it's not feasible.

Another possible optimization is to use the fact that correlations for shifts beyond a certain point may not contribute significantly. However, I'm not sure.

So, considering all this, perhaps modifying the previous code to:

- Use more optimized initial guesses, especially by varying parameters in structured functions.
- Use COBYLA instead of SLSQP for some steps to avoid gradients.
- Increase the number of iterations for SLSQP and DE.
- Use different parameters for DE, like larger populations or more iterations.

But since I have to write the code, let me think about how to implement these changes in the code.

For the initial guesses, the previous code generated structured functions like pulses, sawtooth, triangle, etc., with various frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe adding more structured initial guesses, such as combining multiple pulses or other patterns.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed 45 points. Let's stick with that.

Now, in terms of the code structure, the main changes would be:

- Use a different optimization method, like COBYLA for some steps.
- Increase the number of iterations for DE and SLSQP.
- Generate more diverse initial guesses.

Let me try to think of the code changes step by step.

First, the initial guesses. The previous code generates 20 random guesses and some pulses, sawtooth, triangles. Maybe adding more possibilities, like different waveforms, or varying the parameters more widely.

But how to generate more guesses? Perhaps adding more frequencies and duty cycles.

Alternatively, using a different approach for generating initial guesses. For example, using a Fourier series or other basis functions.

But that might be too complex.

Another idea: for the initial guesses, use some periodic functions with different frequencies. For example, generating a sine wave that's sampled over [0, 2], modulated by a duty cycle.

Alternatively, generating a multi-tonal signal with multiple frequencies.

But again, this is getting complex.

Alternatively, using a grid-based approach where the initial guesses are generated by varying the parameters of the structured functions.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with frequencies up to 7 and different duty cycles. Maybe increasing the frequency range.

But for the purpose of the code, perhaps leaving that as is, but adding more structured guesses.

Now, considering the optimization part:

The previous code uses SLSQP on each guess, then runs DE, then runs SLSQP again. Perhaps using COBYLA for some steps, especially for the initial phase, where the gradient is less relevant.

Alternatively, using a combination of SLSQP with COBYLA for some steps.

But I need to code that.

Alternatively, removing the DE part and relying more on SLSQP with more iterations.

But the previous code's DE part might be necessary for exploration.

Alternatively, switch to using a genetic algorithm approach.

But scipy's differential evolution could be used with more parameters.

For example, increasing the number of iterations in DE, or increasing the population size.

But the previous code runs DE for 3 iterations, which may not be enough.

Another thought: in the previous code, after DE, the code runs SLSQP on the best solution. Maybe doing more SLSQP iterations here could help.

In the code, after generating a guess with DE, it runs SLSQP with 150 iterations, which could take time. But in the current code, the DE is run with maxiter=30, which may be too low.

So, modifying the DE parameters to use more iterations.

Also, the DE is run for 3 times, but perhaps more iterations could help, but time is limited.

Another idea: instead of running DE multiple times, focus on running SLSQP with more iterations on the best guess found so far.

In the previous code, after generating guesses, the best_h is refined with SLSQP.

But maybe after finding a good guess via DE, run more iterations of SLSQP to fine-tune.

So, modifying the code to use more SLSQP iterations on the best solution.

Also, adjusting the tolerance parameters.

Another thing: the current code's SLSQP has a 'ftol' of 1e-9, which is very tight. Perhaps loosening it to something like 1e-6 to allow faster convergence, and then tightening it later.

In summary, the plan is to:

- Use more diverse initial guesses (perhaps adding more structured functions or more parameters).
- Use COBYLA or other methods for initial optimization steps.
- Increase the number of iterations for SLSQP and DE.
- Adjust tolerance parameters to balance between speed and accuracy.

But implementing this in code requires careful adjustments.

Now, translating this into code changes.

First, the initial guess generation. The current code has:

    for freq in range(2, 8):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(20):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

Maybe expanding the frequencies and adding more structured guesses. For example, adding more sawtooth and triangle functions with varying frequencies and duty cycles.

But since the code is already generating a few guesses, maybe adding more varied frequencies.

But I need to code this.

Another idea: instead of using fixed frequencies, generate frequencies that are factors of the number of points, or other patterns. But perhaps it's not necessary.

Now, the optimization part. The previous code uses:

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

Perhaps changing the method to 'COBYLA' here. Let me try that.

But 'COBYLA' is for bound-constrained optimization and can handle equality constraints.

So, modifying the 'method' to 'COBYLA' and possibly fine-tuning the options.

Another change is to increase the number of iterations for SLSQP or COBYLA.

But in the code's previous setup, running SLSQP on each initial guess and then DE, then more SLSQP.

Another consideration: the function obj is the maximum of the correlation. Since this is non-smooth, perhaps using a different approach to estimate the maximum, but that might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model for the objective function. But that would require more complex code.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with a modified objective function that is differentiable. For example, using the max of the integrals, but approximating it with a smooth function. However, this is not straightforward.

Thus, the best approach is to proceed with the previous code but adjust parameters and methods to see if a better solution can be found.

Now, implementing the code changes. Here's what I'll do:

1. Modify the initial guesses to include more structured functions. For example, adding more sawtooth and triangle functions with different frequencies and duty cycles.

2. Use the 'COBYLA' method in the slsqp_guess function for better handling of the non-smooth objective.

3. Increase the number of iterations for SLSQP, possibly adjusting the tolerance.

4. Increase the number of iterations for DE.

5. Monitor the time usage to ensure the code doesn't exceed the budget.

Let me try to write the code accordingly.

Another thing: the previous code uses np.correlate with 'full' mode. The maximum of these values is taken. However, the correlation for k=0 is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x)), which can be computed as sum( h_i * (1 - h_i) ) * dx. But this is not necessarily related to the other lags. However, the maximum is taken over all lags.

But for the optimization, the code evaluates this correctly.

Another thing: the initial_h_values is given, so using that as one of the initial guesses is important.

Now, considering all these changes, the revised code would look something like the following:

- Use more varied initial guesses.
- Use COBYLA for optimization steps.
- Increase DE iterations.
- Adjust parameters for SLSQP and COBYLA.

But due to time constraints, I need to code this concisely.

The final code will be an updated version of the previous code with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(20):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def cobyla_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'disp': False})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = cobyla_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=40,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = cobyla_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = cobyla_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```