<think>
Alright, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is to get even lower, like 0.380876. The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization methods, starting from an initial guess. But I need to come up with a better approach.

First, let me understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h: [0, 2] → [0, 1] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0, 2] is 1, and h is a step function represented by n_samples points.

The previous code uses an initial guess and then optimizes using different methods. To improve this, maybe I can try different initializations or optimization algorithms. Let me think about possible improvements.

One idea: maybe using a different initialization strategy. The initial guess is based on some regular and varied distributions. But perhaps starting with a more optimal structure, like using a specific pattern that could potentially lower the overlap.

Another thought: the current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe switching to a different optimization method, like genetic algorithms or a more efficient local optimizer. Also, maybe combining multiple strategies in a more intelligent way.

Wait, the problem is about minimizing the maximum of several functions. This is a maximin problem. So the objective function is the maximum of several values. To optimize this, perhaps using a multi-objective approach or a more targeted search.

Another angle: since the function is piecewise constant, maybe there's a structure in the optimal solution that can be exploited. For example, the optimal h might have a certain periodicity or symmetry. Maybe regular spacing of 1s and 0s, or some pattern that balances the overlaps.

The previous approach uses a random initialization. Maybe a better initialization could be a more regular pattern that's known to have good properties. For example, a periodic structure with certain spacing.

Also, considering that the integral over [0,2] is 1, the average of h is 0.5. So perhaps distributing the 1s and 0s in a way that balances the overlaps.

But how to translate this into a concrete strategy? Maybe using a function that's a combination of periodic functions, or using a more structured approach than random.

Another idea: instead of using a single optimization method, maybe doing a more systematic search over possible structures. For example, trying different numbers of 1s and distributing them in a structured way. But with the time constraint, this needs to be efficient.

Alternatively, using an evolutionary algorithm with a better mutation strategy. The differential evolution used in the previous code might not be the most effective. Maybe using a different mutation scheme or incorporating local optimization steps.

Also, the previous code uses a while loop to perform additional iterations. Maybe that's not effective, and we need to make better use of the time budget.

Wait, the problem is that the current code is getting stuck in local optima. So maybe using a better initial guess, or a more diverse set of initial guesses, could help. For example, starting with different structured patterns and then optimizing them.

Let me think about the initial guess. The previous code starts with a regular guess with num_ones in 20, 25, 30, 35. But maybe trying other numbers of 1s or different distributions could be better. For instance, maybe a more optimal number of 1s that balances the integral and the overlaps.

But how to determine that? Well, for a given number of 1s, say m, the spacing would be 2/m. But since the integral is 1, the average value of h is 0.5, which is satisfied if exactly half of the points are 1s (assuming even distribution, but for odd n_points, that's not exactly possible).

Wait, n_points is 45, so the sum needs to be 22.5. So, maybe having 22 or 23 ones. The initial guess might have some number of ones, but perhaps trying different numbers could lead to better results.

Another approach: using symmetry. Maybe the optimal function has symmetry properties. For example, it might be symmetric around the midpoint of the interval [0, 2]. This could reduce the number of parameters and maybe lead to a better solution.

But how to enforce symmetry in the optimization? It might complicate things, but considering that the overlap is symmetric, this might be a valid assumption.

Alternatively, partitioning the interval into segments where h is 1 or 0, and trying to find a regular pattern. For example, a periodic function with a certain period that aligns with the interval.

But how to model this in code? Maybe by generating initial guesses with a certain structure, like a triangular wave or some other pattern, then optimizing.

Alternatively, using a grid search over possible parameters for the initial guess, such as the number of 1s and their spacing. But with the time constraint, this might not be feasible.

Let me think about the optimization methods. The previous code uses SLSQP for local optimization and differential evolution for global search. Differential evolution might not be the best here, especially since the objective function is non-convex and has many local minima. Maybe a genetic algorithm with a different mutation strategy, or a Bayesian optimization approach, could find better solutions.

But given the time budget, maybe using a more efficient method. Let's think about the evaluation. The objective function is the maximum of the convolution of h and (1-h). For each h, compute the correlation at all k, then take the maximum. This is computationally expensive for each evaluation. Therefore, the optimization needs to be efficient in terms of evaluations.

So, maybe using a metaheuristic that's more efficient in terms of the number of function evaluations. For example, a particle swarm optimization (PSO) or a more sophisticated evolutionary algorithm.

Alternatively, since the problem is about finding a step function with certain properties, maybe using a greedy approach: iteratively adjusting the positions of the 1s to reduce the maximum overlap.

But greedy approaches can get stuck in local optima. So, combining a local search with a global search method might be better.

Another idea: the overlap integral is related to the autocorrelation of the function h. So the problem is to minimize the maximum of the autocorrelation. Wait, no, the overlap is h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). So for each shift k, we're looking at the overlap between h and its shifted version.

This is similar to the concept of minimizing the maximum cross-correlation between h and 1 - h. So, perhaps there are known strategies for minimizing such maxima.

But I'm not sure about existing literature. Maybe the optimal h is such that the cross-correlation is as uniform as possible. That is, making sure that the overlaps for different shifts are as small as possible.

Another thought: maybe the optimal solution has a certain number of 1s and 0s arranged in a way that their positions minimize the maximum overlap. For example, spacing them as evenly as possible.

But how to translate this into code? Maybe generating initial guesses with evenly spaced 1s and then optimizing from there.

Wait, the previous code starts with some regular and varied guesses. Perhaps trying more regular guesses with different spacings, and then optimizing them.

Another thing to note: the current implementation uses a while loop that keeps applying L-BFGS-B optimization on the best solution found so far. Maybe this is getting stuck in a local minimum. Perhaps trying a different optimization method for the local refinement.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization library, such as using the COBYLA method, which is suitable for bound-constrained problems.

But the main issue is that the current approach might not be exploring the solution space thoroughly enough. So, perhaps using a combination of different initializations and optimization strategies would help.

Another angle: instead of using a step function, perhaps the optimal solution is a function with more than two levels (0 and 1), but the problem specifies that h is a step function, which I assume means it's piecewise constant with values in [0,1]. Wait, no, the problem says h is a step function, meaning it's a piecewise constant function with jumps, so each value is 0 or 1? Or can it take other values between 0 and 1 as well?

Wait, the problem says h(x) is a step function, but the discretization uses n_points samples, where each h[i] is between 0 and 1. So it's a piecewise constant function, but each interval between the points has a constant value, which can be any value between 0 and 1. So, it's not necessarily binary. Therefore, the optimization is over the values of h at the sample points, which can be any real numbers between 0 and 1, as long as the integral is 1.

So, the variables are the h[i] values, which are real numbers between 0 and 1. The constraint is that the sum of h[i] * dx equals 1.

So, the optimization problem is to minimize C_5, where C_5 is the maximum of the convolution (correlation) of h with (1 - h) over all possible shifts k, multiplied by dx.

Given that, perhaps the previous approach is a starting point, but needs enhancements.

Let me try to think of possible improvements.

First, the initial guess: the previous code uses a starting guess. Maybe using a better initial guess could lead to better results. For example, if I can create a more optimized initial guess that's structured in a way that could lead to the minimum overlap, that would be better.

What if I use a known structure that's known to have good properties for this problem? For example, maybe the optimal solution for C_5 has a certain known pattern, or perhaps it's similar to the current initial guess but with adjustments.

Alternatively, the current initial guess is based on some random construction. Maybe generating a structured initial guess, such as a periodic function, could be better.

Another idea: since the integral is 1 over [0,2], and the function is over [0,2], maybe the optimal function has certain properties related to this.

Wait, for the overlap integral to be minimized, we want that for any shift k, the overlap between h and (1 - h) is as small as possible. This suggests that h should be as uniformly distributed as possible, so that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. However, due to the integral constraint, we can't have a perfectly uniform distribution.

Alternatively, the overlap integral is the expectation of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) over x, which can be seen as the probability that h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. So, for each k, we want to minimize this probability.

This is similar to the concept of minimizing the maximum cross-correlation between the function and itself.

But how to model this? It's a challenging problem.

Perhaps the key is to find a function h that has a low maximum correlation with 1 - h. So, the problem is to find such a function with the integral constraint.

Now, thinking about the optimization approach. The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP, differential evolution, and L-BFGS-B. But maybe using a more efficient or better-suited optimization algorithm could help.

For example, using Genetic Algorithms (GA) could explore the solution space more thoroughly, but they can be slow. However, with the time budget, maybe a combination of GA with local optimization steps would work.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which is efficient for expensive black-box functions. However, implementing that would require some code.

But given the time constraints, maybe the main improvement would be to use a better initialization and optimize more effectively.

Another idea: use the current initial guess and try to optimize it using more aggressive search strategies. For example, increasing the number of iterations in the optimization, or changing the optimization method.

Wait, the current code uses differential evolution for global search and then SLSQP for refining. Maybe the differential evolution is not covering the solution space thoroughly. Maybe using a different mutator or recombination strategy would help.

Alternatively, the code could generate a variety of initial guesses and optimize each one, then take the best result. The previous code does this by generating regular and varied guesses for different numbers of ones.

But perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses would help. For example, using different numbers of ones, different spacing strategies, or combining them with varying random perturbations.

Another idea: since the overlap is related to the maximum of the convolution, maybe it's possible to model this as a constraint optimization problem, where we try to minimize the maximum value, but it's challenging because it's a non-convex problem.

But perhaps we can use a penalty method, where we minimize the objective function with a penalty for violating the constraints. However, the previous code uses equality constraints for the sum, which is good.

Another possible improvement: since the evaluation of the objective function is expensive, perhaps caching or using a more efficient way to compute the convolution.

Wait, the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which is correct. But maybe there's a way to compute the convolution more efficiently, but given that n_points is small (like under 1000), this is manageable.

Another point to consider: the time budget. The previous code runs for approximately 100 seconds. The code needs to run within that time. The current approach might be using too many resources, and maybe the code can be optimized to run faster and make better use of the time.

For example, reducing the number of initial guesses, or using more efficient optimization methods.

Alternatively, using parallel processing, but the problem states that only one CPU is available, so that's not an option.

Let me think about the structure of the code. The previous code starts with an initial guess, then generates several other guesses and optimizes them. Then uses differential evolution, then a few local optimizations.

Maybe the code can be modified to use a better optimization strategy. For example, using the SLSQP method with more iterations, or using a different method like COBYLA, which is suitable for bound-constrained problems.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first perform a differential evolution, then use a local optimizer on the best solution found.

Another idea: since the objective function is the maximum of several values, it's possible that the maximum is achieved at certain shifts. By focusing the optimization on those shifts, we can reduce the problem's complexity.

But how to know which shifts are important? It's hard without knowing the optimal solution.

Another thought: the maximum occurs at certain shifts, like k=1, k=0.5, etc. Maybe the optimal solution has its maximum at k=1, so focusing the optimization on that particular shift could help. However, without knowing where the maximum occurs, this approach might not be feasible.

An alternative approach could be to use a more sophisticated method for the initial guess, such as generating a function with a certain pattern that is known to have lower overlap, and then optimizing from there.

For example, the current initial guess might have a certain pattern, but maybe it's possible to generate a more optimal initial guess by using a different structure.

Another idea: the overlap integral for a function h(x) and its shifted version can be minimized by making h(x) and h(x + k) as uncorrelated as possible. This could be achieved by using a function that has a certain kind of randomness, but with the constraint on the integral.

Maybe using a randomized construction where the positions of the 1s are spread out as much as possible. For example, placing 1s at positions that are evenly spaced, but with some randomness.

But how to implement this in code?

Alternatively, using a deterministic approach, such as placing the 1s at positions that divide the interval [0, 2] into equal segments. For example, for m ones, placing them at positions i * (2/m) for i=0,...,m-1.

But how to determine m? The sum of h is 1, so the number of 1s would be approximately n_points * 0.5. For n_points=45, this would mean about 22 or 23 ones. So, m=22 or 23.

But if we use a regular spacing, then for m=22, the spacing would be 2/22 ≈ 0.0909, but since we're using discrete points, the positions would be spread out.

But when we discretize the function h, we have to map the continuous positions to the discrete samples. So, for example, the positions could be at intervals of dx=2/n_points. So, for a regular grid, perhaps placing the 1s at regular intervals.

But I'm not sure if this is the best approach.

Another idea: in the previous code, the initial guess uses a fixed number of ones (like 20, 25, etc.), but maybe trying a wider range of numbers could help. For example, using 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, etc., but for a given n_points, the maximum possible number of ones is n_points. But this could take more time.

However, given the time budget, maybe trying a couple of different numbers is feasible.

Alternatively, since the optimal solution might have a certain number of ones, perhaps the code can try different numbers of ones, generate a structured initial guess, and then optimize.

But given the time constraints, it's better to focus on what's possible within the allowed time.

Now, thinking about the code structure. The previous code starts with the initial guess and then generates more guesses. Perhaps generating more structured guesses, like a regular pattern with varying numbers of ones, could lead to better results.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation: the objective function is the max of the convolution. To optimize this, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the SLSQP method with a better set of parameters.

Perhaps the previous code's use of SLSQP with 250 iterations and tight tolerances is too slow. Maybe reducing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerances could help, but that might not be the case.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimizer after the global search. For example, after differential evolution, using SLSQP for refinement.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed number of initial guesses, perhaps generate a few different initial guesses with varying structures and optimize each one, then take the best result.

But again, how to do this efficiently.

Another idea: the current initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which is a specific structure. Maybe using a different initial guess could lead to better results. For example, the initial_h_values might be a random array, but perhaps a better initial guess can be constructed by combining different patterns.

Alternatively, using the current initial guess and then generating a few more structured guesses based on it. For example, random perturbations to the initial guess, or swapping certain points.

But this is getting too vague.

Let me think about what a better approach might look like. The key is to find a way to explore the solution space more effectively, avoiding local optima and finding a better upper bound for C_5.

Perhaps a better approach is to use a more efficient global optimization method, such as the Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO), which could explore the solution space more effectively than differential evolution. PSO has parameters that can be tuned to balance exploration and exploitation.

However, implementing PSO would require more code and careful parameter tuning. But given the time constraints, it might be feasible.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first perform a global search with differential evolution, then refine the best solution using SLSQP.

But the previous code already does this. So maybe the main issue is the initial guesses and the optimization parameters.

Another idea: instead of using a random initial guess, use some structured initial guess that is more likely to lead to a better solution. For example, a striped pattern where 1s and 0s alternate in a certain way.

For example, if the function h is periodic with period 1, then the overlap might be minimized. Let's say h is 1 on [0, 1) and 0 on [1, 2). Then, the overlap integral for k=1 would be integral over [0, 1) of 1 * (1 - h(x+1)) dx. Since x+1 ∈ [1,2), h(x+1) is 0, so (1 - h(x+1))=1, so the overlap is integral [0,1) 1 * 1 dx = 1. But this is higher than the current target, so this is not good.

Therefore, a simple periodic pattern isn't good. Maybe a more complex pattern, like having 1s in certain intervals spaced apart.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to proceed.

Another thought: the optimization problem is similar to finding a binary vector (or real-valued) that satisfies the integral constraint and minimizes the maximum correlation. This is similar to a binary design problem, but with real values.

Given that, maybe there's a known algorithm or method for such problems. However, I'm not aware of specific algorithms. So, proceeding with heuristic methods.

Perhaps the main issue is that the initial guess is not the best possible. So, the previous code uses a random initialization, which might not be optimal. If I can generate a better initial guess, that would help.

For example, the current initial guess is using a certain pattern. But if I can generate a better initial guess that's more likely to lead to the optimal solution, that would be better.

Alternatively, since the problem's target C₅ is 0.380876, perhaps the optimal solution is very close to the current best. So, the previous code's result of 0.381142 is very close but slightly worse.

To improve this, maybe the code needs to explore the solution space more effectively, and use a more efficient optimization strategy.

Another idea: using the current initial guess and performing more aggressive optimization, maybe tweaking the parameters of the optimization methods to get better convergence.

For example, in the SLSQP optimization, increasing the number of iterations or relaxing the tolerance slightly could allow for better optimization.

Alternatively, using a different solver, such as the IPOPT solver, which is available via the scipy.optimize library through the ipopt module, but this requires that the solver is installed. However, the previous code uses other solvers, and this might not be available.

In the absence of such solvers, perhaps focusing on using the existing methods more effectively.

Another possibility: precompute the list of shifts k that are most likely to be the ones contributing to the maximum overlap. For example, since the interval is [0, 2], the shifts k can range from 0 to 2, but the correlation is calculated for all k. However, the maximum might be achieved at certain values of k, such as k=1, k=0.5, etc.

By focusing on those k values, we can reduce the objective function to a single value and optimize it. However, this would change the problem to minimize the maximum overlap for those specific k, which might not be the case.

Alternatively, this approach could be used to create a lower bound or to guide the optimization.

But without knowing the optimal k, this is speculative.

Given all these considerations, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to improve the initial guesses and use more effective optimization strategies.

Let me outline the steps:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point, but generate additional initial guesses that are more structured.

2. Use a combination of different optimization methods: differential evolution for global search, and SLSQP for local refinement.

3. Increase the number of iterations in the optimization steps to allow for better convergence.

4. Use more diverse initial guesses, such as regular and varied guesses with different numbers of ones.

But how to implement this in code.

The previous code uses generate_regular_guess and generate_varied_guess for numbers of ones of 20, 25, 30, 35. Perhaps expanding this to more numbers, or trying other distributions, could help.

Another idea: for each initial guess, after generating it, apply a few iterations of a local optimizer, such as the L-BFGS-B method, to refine it further.

Moreover, the current code uses a while loop for additional L-BFGS-B steps. Maybe increasing the number of these steps or varying the parameters would help.

Alternatively, using a different local optimizer, such as COBYLA.

Another thought: the previous code's objective function might be too expensive to compute, but with the given n_points (45), it's manageable. Perhaps using a faster implementation or caching the results.

But in the code, the objective function is already as efficient as possible, since it's using numpy's correlate function.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to compute the maximum. For example, instead of using np.correlate, which returns all values, perhaps computing only the necessary shifts. But the current approach is already efficient.

Another idea: since the maximum of the convolution is being optimized, maybe we can use a technique where we enumerate possible k values and optimize for each one, but this seems unfeasible due to the number of k values.

Alternatively, in the objective function, instead of computing the maximum of all shifts, we could focus on the most critical ones, but this is speculative.

In terms of code, the previous code has a few issues. For example, the generate_regular_guess function uses np.arange and then rounds to the nearest integer. This could cause uneven spacing. Perhaps there's a better way to distribute the points.

Another thing to consider: the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but the code could start with it and then refine it. However, the previous code already does this.

Perhaps the main issue is that the code doesn't explore enough different initial guesses. To address this, I can generate more initial guesses with varied structures.

For example, instead of generating guesses for 20, 25, 30, 35 ones, maybe generate for more values, like 22, 23, 24, 25, etc., which are closer to the required number of ones (n_points/2 = 22.5).

But this would require more computational time.

Another idea: using a different initial guess based on a compact pattern. For example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into intervals where the function is 1 for a certain period and 0 otherwise, but this might not work well.

Alternatively, using a pattern that alternates 1s and 0s in a way that spreads them out. For example, placing 1s at intervals of 0.5, but this would be too regular and may have high overlaps.

But again, without knowing the optimal pattern, it's hard to proceed.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best course of action is to modify the previous code to generate more diverse initial guesses, use a more effective optimization method, and refine the optimization parameters.

Let me outline the changes I can make:

- Increase the number of initial guesses, such as adding more different numbers of ones (like 22, 23, 24).
- Use more structured initial guesses, like regular spaced points.
- Use a different optimization strategy, such as a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization to allow more iterations or better convergence.
- Use a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function, if possible.

Implementing these changes in code.

For example, the generate_regular_guess function could be called with a range of numbers of ones, say from 20 to 30, step 2, and generate structured initial guesses for each. Also, for each number of ones, generate a regular spaced guess and a varied guess.

Also, in the optimization, after using differential evolution, use a local optimizer with more iterations.

Another change: in the previous code, the differential evolution is run with maxiter=200 and popsize=150. Perhaps increasing maxiter or popsize could help, but with the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a smaller popsize and more iterations.

But with the time limit, it's important to balance exploration and exploitation.

In code, the previous approach uses a differential evolution loop, followed by a few local optimizations. To enhance this, perhaps adding more local optimization steps or varying the local optimization method.

Given all these thoughts, here's how I can modify the code:

- Generate more initial guesses with various numbers of ones.
- Use differential evolution with more population size or iterations.
- Use a more efficient local optimizer.
- Refine the best solution found with multiple local optimizations.

These changes might lead to a better C_5 value.

Now, translating this into code.

I'll modify the previous code to:

- Generate initial guesses for more numbers of ones.
- Use more structured guesses.
- Refine the best solution with more local optimizations.

Additionally, I'll adjust the optimization parameters, such as increasing the number of iterations for the SLSQP optimizer.

Implementing these changes in the code.

Finally, return the best solution found within the time budget.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_regular_guess(num_ones):
        spacing = n_points / num_ones
        indices = np.round(np.arange(0, n_points, spacing)).astype(int)
        indices = np.unique(indices)
        h = np.zeros(n_points)
        h[indices] = 1.0
        if np.sum(h) < target_sum:
            idx = np.random.choice(np.where(h == 0)[0], size=1)
            h[idx] = 0.5
        return h
    
    def generate_varied_guess(num_ones):
        indices = np.random.choice(n_points, num_ones, replace=False)
        h = np.zeros(n_points)
        h[indices] = 1.0
        if np.sum(h) < target_sum:
            idx = np.random.choice(np.where(h == 0)[0], size=1)
            h[idx] = 0.5
        return h
    
    # Expanded initial guesses with more varied numbers of ones
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess]
    for num_ones in [22, 23, 24, 25, 27, 28, 29]:
        initial_guesses.append(generate_regular_guess(num_ones))
        initial_guesses.append(generate_varied_guess(num_ones))
    
    def optimize_guess(guess):
        try:
            result = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=guess,
                method='SLSQP',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
            )
            return result.x if result.success else None
        except:
            return None
    
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        result = optimize_guess(guess)
        if result is not None and objective(result) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(result)
            best_h = result
    
    try:
        result_de = optimize.differential_evolution(
            fun=objective,
            bounds=bounds,
            popsize=150,
            maxiter=200,
            mutation=(0.5, 1.0),
            recombination=0.9,
            tol=1e-10,
            vectorized=True,
            seed=seed
        )
        if result_de.success:
            result_slsqp = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=result_de.x,
                method='SLSQP',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
            )
            if result_slsqp.success and objective(result_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(result_slsqp.x)
                best_h = result_slsqp.x
    except:
        pass
    
    # Additional refinement with L-BFGS-B
    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s - 100:
        try:
            result = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=best_h,
                method='L-BFGS-B',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
            )
            if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(result.x)
                best_h = result.x
        except:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```