<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral. The previous code used SLSQP optimization with several initial guesses and perturbations. But the current record is 0.38092, and we need to get lower than that, aiming for 0.380876.

First, I need to understand what the previous approach did. It started with an initial guess, then tried different patterns like step functions, alternating, periodic, etc. Then it optimized each with SLSQP, and did perturbations on the best solution found. However, the result wasn't good enough.

So, what can be improved? Let's think about the lessons mentioned. The first lesson says to use SLSQP with equality constraints, which the previous code already does. So that's already in place. Maybe the issue is with the initial guesses or the optimization parameters.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses, but maybe exploring more diverse initial configurations could help avoid local optima. Also, the perturbation phase might not be sufficient. Maybe using different optimization strategies or more sophisticated methods could help.

Wait, the problem mentions that the previous program achieved C₅ bound of 0.380965. The target is 0.380876. So we need to improve by about 0.000089. That's a small improvement, so the optimization needs to be more precise.

What if we use a different optimization method? The previous code used SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization approach could help find better solutions. However, global optimization is computationally expensive. But given the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, perhaps we can parallelize the search.

Alternatively, maybe using a different parameterization of the function h. For example, instead of using a step function with discrete points, maybe using a more continuous approach, like a piecewise linear function or a Fourier series. But since the problem requires a step function (discrete samples), perhaps that's not applicable.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=100). Maybe trying different n_points could help. For example, using fewer points (like 50 or 100) might be faster, but the previous code used 100. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, so maybe trying with 50 or 100 points is better.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given as n=100 samples. The previous code uses that as the initial guess. Maybe starting with that and then trying to optimize it further with more sophisticated methods.

Another observation: the overlap integral is computed as the maximum correlation between h and 1-h over different shifts. To minimize this maximum, perhaps the function h should be designed to have as uniform as possible overlap with its shifted versions. Maybe a more structured approach, like using a periodic function with specific spacing, could help.

But how to translate that into a step function? For example, if we can find a pattern where h(x) is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, such that shifting it by k units doesn't create large overlaps. For instance, if the function is designed to have a certain periodicity that avoids overlaps when shifted by specific amounts.

Alternatively, maybe using a more complex initial guess that's not just step functions or random. For example, using a combination of different patterns or a more sophisticated initial guess generated via some heuristic.

Another thought: the previous code uses a perturbation phase where it adds noise to the best solution found and then optimizes again. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the noise parameters could help. However, the code already does 1000 perturbations, which might be too much for the time budget.

Wait, the time budget is 100 seconds. The previous code's perturbation phase might be taking too long. Maybe we can optimize that by using a more efficient approach, like using a different optimization method for the perturbations, or reducing the number of iterations.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing could explore the search space more effectively, but those are more computationally intensive. However, given the time constraints, maybe combining SLSQP with some global search steps could help.

Another idea: the current code uses the same optimization method for all initial guesses. Maybe some initial guesses are better than others. For example, the initial guess provided (initial_h_values) might be a good starting point, so focusing more on optimizing that could be better.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given, and the previous code starts with that. Maybe the problem is that the initial guess isn't good enough, and we need to find a better initial configuration. For example, generating a more optimal initial guess based on some heuristic.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different way to compute the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which might not be the most efficient. But I think that's correct.

Another possible improvement: instead of using SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach to find the best parameters. However, implementing that from scratch might be complex, and given the time constraints, it's not feasible.

Wait, the problem allows using any of the solvers in scipy.optimize, including CVXOPT, Gurobi, etc. Maybe using a different solver could help. For example, using the SLSQP method with a different solver backend, or using a different optimization method.

Alternatively, maybe the constraints are too tight, leading to poor convergence. Perhaps relaxing the constraints slightly during optimization and then tightening them could help. But I'm not sure.

Another angle: the overlap integral is maximized over k. To minimize this maximum, perhaps we can model this as a minimax problem. However, solving such a problem with standard optimization methods is challenging.

Wait, the previous code uses the max of the correlation as the objective. But maybe there's a way to approximate this max with a different formulation. For example, using a penalty function that penalizes large correlations. However, that might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the maximum correlation. For example, precomputing all possible shifts and then taking the maximum. But that's what the current code does.

Hmm. Maybe the key is to improve the initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might not be optimal. Perhaps generating a better initial guess based on some known patterns or structures.

Another idea: using a more structured initial guess, such as a function that is designed to minimize overlap. For example, a function that alternates between 1 and 0 with a certain period, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint. For example, a function that is 1 for a fraction of the interval and 0 otherwise, but with a specific period.

But how to determine the period? Maybe trying different periods and seeing which one gives a better initial guess.

Alternatively, using a Fourier-based approach. Since the problem involves shifts, maybe a function with a certain frequency could help. However, translating that into a step function with discrete samples is non-trivial.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=100). Maybe trying with a different number of points, like 50 or 200, could lead to better results. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. So perhaps using 50 points is better, but the initial_h_values is for 100 points. Maybe the initial guess is for 100 points, so we should stick with that.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given as a global variable, and the previous code uses it. So perhaps the initial guess is already a good starting point, but the optimization could be improved.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method instead of SLSQP, which doesn't require gradients. But I'm not sure if that would help.

Alternatively, using a different way to handle the constraints. The current code uses an equality constraint for the sum. Maybe adding inequality constraints on the individual h[i] values, but that's already handled by the bounds.

Hmm. Maybe the problem is that the previous code's perturbation phase is not effective. Instead of adding noise and then optimizing, perhaps using a different perturbation strategy, like varying the positions of the steps in the function.

Alternatively, using a more global search approach. For example, using a genetic algorithm where each individual is a step function, and the fitness is the C₅ value. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time budget might be challenging.

But given the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to refine the existing method. Let's think about the previous code's steps:

1. Generate multiple initial guesses (step, alternating, random, etc.)
2. Optimize each with SLSQP
3. Do perturbations on the best solution found, adding noise and optimizing again

The problem might be that the initial guesses are not diverse enough, or the perturbations are not effective. So perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using different periodic patterns with varying periods, or more complex structures.

Another idea: instead of using random initial guesses, generate initial guesses based on known optimal configurations for similar problems. For example, if there's a known optimal pattern for C₅, perhaps using that as a starting point.

But since I don't have that knowledge, maybe I can generate more structured initial guesses. For example, using a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, with specific spacing to minimize overlap.

For instance, if we divide the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 1 for a certain length and 0 for another, such that shifting by k units doesn't create large overlaps. For example, if the function is 1 for 0.5 units, then 0 for 0.5 units, and so on. But this is similar to the alternating pattern already used.

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern with multiple segments. For example, a function that is 1 for 0.25 units, 0 for 0.25, 1 for 0.25, 0 for 0.25, etc. But again, this is similar to the existing patterns.

Another approach: using a function that is 1 in regions that are spaced apart by a certain distance, such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, if the function has 1s in non-overlapping regions, but since the integral is 1, the total length of 1s must be 1 unit (since dx is 2/n_points, and sum(h) is n_points/2). So for n_points=100, each 1 contributes 2/100 to the integral. So the total length of 1s is 1 unit.

So, for example, if the function is 1 for 1 unit and 0 for the rest, but that's a step function which might not be optimal. However, the previous code already tried that.

Hmm. Maybe the key is to use a more sophisticated optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could help. However, the previous code already has a high ftol of 1e-10, which might be too strict.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients. But again, I'm not sure.

Another thought: the overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). To minimize this maximum, perhaps we can model this as a minimax problem and use a more sophisticated optimization approach. However, standard optimization methods might not handle this directly.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with a custom objective function that approximates the maximum. For example, using a penalty function that penalizes large values of the correlation. However, this might be complex.

Wait, the current code's objective function is the maximum of the correlation. But the maximum is a non-differentiable function, which makes optimization difficult. Perhaps using a different formulation, like approximating the maximum with a smooth function, could help. However, this would require modifying the objective function, which might complicate the code.

Another idea: instead of optimizing the entire function at once, use a greedy approach. For example, iteratively adjusting the function to reduce the maximum overlap. However, this is vague and might not be effective.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code by:

1. Increasing the number of initial guesses with more diverse patterns.
2. Using a different optimization method or adjusting the parameters of SLSQP.
3. Improving the perturbation phase by using more effective perturbations.

Let me think about the initial guesses. The previous code tried step, alternating, random, binary shuffled, and periodic patterns. Maybe adding more patterns, like a combination of different periodicities or more complex structures.

For example, using a function that is 1 for a certain fraction of the interval, then 0, then 1 again, but with varying lengths. Or using a function that has multiple peaks spaced in a way that minimizes overlap when shifted.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 in regions that are spaced by a certain distance, such that shifting by k units doesn't align them. For example, if the function has 1s spaced every 0.5 units, but that might not be optimal.

Another idea: using a function that is 1 in regions that are spaced such that the overlap with shifted versions is minimized. For example, if the function is 1 for a certain length, then 0 for a certain length, repeating. This is similar to the periodic patterns already tried.

But perhaps varying the period and the length of the 1s could lead to better results. For example, using a period of 0.4 units, with 1s for 0.2 units and 0s for 0.2 units, but this is similar to the existing periodic patterns.

Hmm. Maybe the previous code's initial guesses are not sufficient. Let's think about generating more initial guesses. For example, using a function that is 1 for a certain number of points, then 0, then 1 again, but with different numbers of points. Or using a function that is 1 for a certain fraction of the interval and 0 otherwise, but with varying fractions.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 for a certain number of points, then 0, then 1 again, but with different spacing. For example, a function that is 1 for 25 points, 0 for 25, 1 for 25, 0 for 25, etc. But this would require adjusting the number of points to fit the integral constraint.

Another approach: using a function that is 1 in regions that are spaced to avoid overlap when shifted by certain amounts. For example, if the function has 1s in non-overlapping regions, but since the integral is 1, the total length of 1s is 1 unit. So for n_points=100, each 1 contributes 2/100 to the integral. So the total number of 1s would be (1 * 100)/2 = 50. So the function is 1 for 50 points and 0 for the other 50. But this is the step function already tried.

Wait, but the step function has a maximum overlap when shifted by k=1, which would overlap the 1s with the 0s. So perhaps a more optimal function would have the 1s spread out in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

For example, if the 1s are spread out with spacing such that shifting by k units doesn't align them. This is similar to a periodic function with a certain period.

But how to determine the optimal spacing? It's unclear. Maybe trying different spacing values and seeing which ones give better results.

In the previous code, periodic patterns with 0.4 and 0.2 spacing were tried. Maybe trying more spacing values could help.

Another idea: using a function that is 1 for a certain number of points, then 0, then 1 again, but with varying lengths. For example, a function that is 1 for 20 points, 0 for 20, 1 for 20, 0 for 20, etc. This would give a total of 100 points, with 20*2 = 40 points of 1s, which is more than the required 50. Wait, no: sum(h) should be 50. For n_points=100, each 1 contributes 2/100 to the integral. So total sum is 50 * (2/100) = 1. So if the function is 1 for 50 points and 0 for the other 50, that's correct.

So, for example, a function that is 1 for the first 50 points and 0 for the next 50. But this is the step function already tried.

Alternatively, a function that is 1 for points spaced every other point, which is the alternating pattern.

But maybe a better approach is to use a more complex initial guess, such as a function that is 1 for certain points and 0 for others, but with a more optimal distribution. For example, using a function that is 1 for points that are spaced to minimize overlap when shifted.

However, without knowing the optimal distribution, it's hard to generate such a function. So perhaps generating multiple initial guesses with different patterns and letting the optimization find the best one is the way to go.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed number of initial guesses, generate them dynamically based on some heuristic. For example, using a random walk or other method to generate initial guesses.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to generate more diverse initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include step, alternating, random, binary shuffled, and periodic patterns. Maybe adding more patterns, such as a function that is 1 for a certain number of points, then 0, then 1 again, but with different lengths.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 for points in a certain range, then 0, then 1 again, but with varying ranges. For example, a function that is 1 for 0.2 units, 0 for 0.2, 1 for 0.2, etc. But again, this is similar to the existing periodic patterns.

Another idea: using a function that is 1 for a certain number of points, then 0 for some points, then 1 again, but with varying numbers of points. For example, a function that is 1 for 25 points, 0 for 25, 1 for 25, 0 for 25, etc. This would give a total of 50 points of 1s, which is correct.

But this is similar to the alternating pattern already tried.

Hmm. Maybe the key is to improve the optimization process. For example, using a different solver or adjusting the optimization parameters. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could help. However, the previous code already has a high ftol of 1e-10, which might be too strict.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients. But I'm not sure if that would be better.

Another thought: the previous code uses a perturbation phase where it adds noise to the best solution and then optimizes again. Maybe instead of adding noise, we can use a different perturbation strategy, such as swapping values between positions or adjusting the positions of the 1s.

For example, in the perturbation phase, instead of adding random noise, we could generate a new initial guess by randomly selecting some positions to flip from 1 to 0 or vice versa, ensuring the sum constraint is maintained. This might lead to more effective perturbations.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated perturbation method that targets specific areas of the function that might be contributing to the high C₅ value.

Another idea: using a multi-start optimization approach, where multiple initial guesses are used, and the best solution is selected. The previous code does this, but maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help.

In the previous code, there are 5 initial guesses. Maybe adding more, such as a function that is 1 for a certain number of points, then 0, then 1 again, but with different lengths.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 for points in a certain pattern, like a sine wave, but discretized into steps. However, this might not be straightforward.

Another possible improvement: using a different way to compute the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate, which might be slow for large n_points. However, for n_points=100, it's manageable.

But perhaps there's a more efficient way to compute the maximum correlation. For example, precomputing all possible shifts and taking the maximum. However, that's what the current code does.

Another angle: the overlap integral is maximized over k. To minimize this maximum, perhaps we can find a function h that is as "spread out" as possible, so that shifting it doesn't create large overlaps. This is similar to the concept of a "spread out" function in signal processing.

So, perhaps the optimal function is one that is as uniform as possible, but with the integral constraint. For example, a function that is 1 for a certain fraction of the interval and 0 otherwise, but with the fraction chosen to minimize the maximum overlap.

But how to determine this fraction? For example, if the function is 1 for 0.5 units and 0 for the other 0.5 units, then shifting by 0.5 units would create an overlap of 0.5 * 0.5 = 0.25. But this is just an example.

However, the previous code already tried step functions and alternating patterns, which are similar to this idea.

Another thought: the current code's perturbation phase might not be effective. Instead of adding noise, maybe using a more targeted approach. For example, for the best solution found, identify the shifts that contribute most to the C₅ value and adjust the function to reduce those overlaps.

But this requires knowing which shifts are problematic, which might be computationally expensive.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code by:

1. Generating more diverse initial guesses.
2. Using a different optimization method or adjusting parameters.
3. Improving the perturbation phase.

Let me think about generating more initial guesses. For example, adding a function that is 1 for a certain number of points, then 0, then 1 again, but with varying lengths. Or using a function that is 1 for points spaced every third point, etc.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 for points in a certain pattern, such as a binary pattern with a certain period.

But without knowing the optimal pattern, it's hard to generate these. So perhaps adding a few more initial guesses with different patterns could help.

Another idea: using a function that is 1 for points in a certain range, then 0, then 1 again, but with varying ranges. For example, a function that is 1 for 0.2 units, 0 for 0.2, 1 for 0.2, 0 for 0.2, etc. This is similar to the existing periodic patterns.

In the previous code, periodic patterns with 0.4 and 0.2 spacing were tried. Maybe trying more spacing values, like 0.3 or 0.5, could lead to better results.

Another possible improvement: using a function that is 1 for points in a certain pattern, such as a sine wave, but discretized into steps. However, this would require generating such a function and ensuring the integral constraint is met.

But generating such a function might be complex. Alternatively, using a function that is 1 for points where the position modulo some value is within a certain range.

In any case, the previous code's initial guesses are already diverse. So perhaps the main issue is the optimization process.

Another thought: the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations (500). Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could help. However, this might take more time and could exceed the budget.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, like the COBYLA method, which doesn't require gradients. But I'm not sure if that would be better.

Another idea: using a different way to handle the constraints. The current code uses an equality constraint for the sum. Maybe adding inequality constraints on the individual h[i] values, but that's already handled by the bounds.

Hmm. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code by:

- Generating more initial guesses with different patterns.
- Using a different optimization method or adjusting parameters.
- Improving the perturbation phase.

So, let's proceed to modify the code accordingly.

First, generate more initial guesses. For example, adding a function that is 1 for points spaced every third point, or a function that is 1 for points in a certain pattern. Alternatively, using a function that is 1 for points in a certain range, then 0, then 1 again, with varying lengths.

For example, adding a function that is 1 for the first 25 points, then 0 for the next 25, then 1 for the next 25, and 0 for the last 25. This would give a total of 50 points of 1s, meeting the integral constraint.

Another idea: using a function that is 1 for points in a certain pattern, such as a binary pattern with a certain period. For example, a function that is 1 for points where the index is divisible by 3, then 0 otherwise. But this would require adjusting the number of 1s to meet the integral constraint.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 for points in a certain pattern, such as a binary pattern with a certain period, and then scaling it to meet the integral constraint.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include step, alternating, random, binary shuffled, and periodic patterns. Let's add a few more patterns, like a function that is 1 for points spaced every third point, or a function that is 1 for points in a certain range.

Another possible improvement: using a function that is 1 for points in a certain range, then 0, then 1 again, but with varying lengths. For example, a function that is 1 for 30 points, 0 for 20, 1 for 20, 0 for 30. This would give a total of 50 points of 1s.

But generating such a function requires careful calculation to ensure the sum is correct.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 for points in a certain pattern, such as a binary pattern with a certain period, and then scaling it to meet the integral constraint.

In any case, adding more initial guesses with different patterns could help the optimization find a better solution.

Another idea: using a function that is 1 for points in a certain pattern, such as a sine wave, but discretized into steps. For example, a function that is 1 when the position is above a certain threshold, which is determined by a sine function. However, this might be complex to implement.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code by adding more initial guesses with different patterns and adjusting the optimization parameters.

So, the modified code would:

1. Generate more initial guesses, such as a function that is 1 for points spaced every third point, or a function that is 1 for points in a certain range.
2. Use a different optimization method or adjust the parameters of SLSQP.
3. Improve the perturbation phase by using more effective perturbations.

However, without knowing the exact patterns, it's hard to generate them. So perhaps adding a few more initial guesses with different periodic patterns.

For example, adding a periodic pattern with 0.3 spacing, or 0.25 spacing.

In the previous code, periodic patterns with 0.4 and 0.2 spacing were tried. Adding more spacing values could help.

Another idea: using a function that is 1 for points where the index is even, then 0 for odd indices, but this is similar to the alternating pattern already tried.

In conclusion, the main improvements would be to generate more diverse initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters. The previous code's perturbation phase might be too slow, so perhaps reducing the number of perturbations or using a different approach.

But given the time constraints, I'll proceed to modify the code by adding more initial guesses and adjusting the optimization parameters.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Generate diverse initial guesses
    initial_guesses = []
    initial_guesses.append(initial_guess.copy())  # Original initial guess
    
    # Step function: first half 1, second half 0
    h_step = np.zeros(n_points)
    h_step[:n_points//2] = 1.0
    sum_h = np.sum(h_step)
    scale = target_sum / sum_h
    initial_guesses.append(h_step * scale)
    
    # Alternating 1 and 0
    h_alt = np.zeros(n_points)
    h_alt[::2] = 1.0
    sum_h = np.sum(h_alt)
    scale = target_sum / sum_h
    initial_guesses.append(h_alt * scale)
    
    # Random initial guess
    initial_guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))
    
    # Binary shuffled pattern
    h_binary = np.random.permutation([1]*50 + [0]*50)
    initial_guesses.append(h_binary)
    
    # Periodic patterns with different spacings
    spacings = [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]
    for spacing in spacings:
        h_periodic = np.zeros(n_points)
        for i in range(n_points):
            pos = i * dx
            if (pos // spacing) % 2 == 0:
                h_periodic[i] = 1.0
            else:
                h_periodic[i] = 0.0
        sum_h = np.sum(h_periodic)
        scale = target_sum / sum_h
        initial_guesses.append(h_periodic * scale)
    
    # Optimize each initial guess
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Optimization with SLSQP
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 500}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    
    # Perturbation phase on the best_h found so far
    num_perturbations = 500  # Reduced from 1000 to save time
    phase_shift = 0.25
    phase_decay = 0.99
    
    for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
        noise_scale = phase_shift * (phase_decay ** perturbation_idx)
        noise = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, n_points)
        perturbed = best_h + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Optimization with SLSQP
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 200}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```