<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral. The previous code uses SLSQP optimization with several initial guesses, but maybe we can do better.

First, I need to understand what's going on. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum correlation between h(x) and 1 - h(x + k) over all shifts k. The constraints are that h is a step function with integral 1 over [0,2]. The previous approach uses multiple initial guesses and perturbations, but maybe there's a smarter way.

Looking at the lessons from earlier attempts: using SLSQP with equality constraints is already in place. So that's not the issue. Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough or the optimization isn't exploring the space effectively.

The current best is C₅ ≤ 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. To improve this, perhaps we need a better initial guess or a more efficient optimization strategy. Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 100). Maybe using a different number of points could help? But the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. Wait, the initial_h_values has n=100, so maybe using that as a starting point is good.

Another thought: the previous code uses multiple initial guesses, but maybe we can generate more varied initial guesses. For example, using a combination of structured patterns, random binary, and smooth functions. Also, the perturbations might not be sufficient. Maybe using a different optimization method or adjusting parameters could help.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a different method like COBYLA or BFGS could lead to better results. However, the user mentioned that the code should run within 100 seconds with 10 CPUs. So, we need to balance between exploration and computation time.

Another idea: instead of using a single optimization run, perhaps use a population-based approach like genetic algorithms. But since the user allows using scipy and other solvers, maybe we can use a different approach. Alternatively, we can try to model the problem as a convex optimization problem, but since the objective is non-convex (due to the max over correlations), that might not be feasible.

Wait, the objective function is the maximum of several integrals. To minimize the maximum, perhaps we can use a method that alternates between optimizing for different shifts. But that might complicate things.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a different parameterization. For example, instead of directly optimizing h, we can use a Fourier series or some other basis to represent h, which might make the optimization easier. However, that could be complex.

Another observation: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=100). Maybe using a larger n_points could give a better approximation, but the user prefers smaller sequences. However, the initial_h_values is given with n=100, so perhaps that's the starting point. But maybe trying with n=200 could help? Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe sticking with n=100 is better for speed.

Wait, the user's previous code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 100. So perhaps the initial_h_values is a 100-point array. So we should stick with that.

Another idea: the previous code uses multiple initial guesses, but maybe the best approach is to use a more sophisticated initial guess. For example, using a binary pattern that's more evenly distributed. The structured_guess in the previous code is a binary pattern with 50 ones and 50 zeros, spaced every two points. Maybe that's not optimal. What if we use a more complex pattern, like a periodic function with multiple peaks?

Alternatively, maybe using a random initial guess with some structure. For example, generating a random binary array with 50 ones and 50 zeros, but ensuring that the ones are spread out. Or using a greedy approach to place ones to minimize the overlap.

Another thought: the overlap integral is maximized over all shifts k. So, perhaps the optimal h(x) should be designed to have minimal overlap with its shifted versions. This is similar to a problem in signal processing where you want a signal that is as non-redundant as possible. Maybe using a signal with certain symmetry or periodicity could help.

Wait, the Erdős problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, which is related to the concept of "avoiding" certain configurations. For example, in the case of C_5, the problem is about five points, so maybe the optimal h is related to a five-point configuration. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, maybe using a piecewise constant function with more segments. But since the problem allows for step functions, perhaps the initial approach is sufficient.

Another angle: the previous code uses SLSQP with equality constraints. However, the objective function is non-convex, so the optimization might get stuck in local minima. To mitigate this, perhaps using multiple starting points and combining the results. The previous code does this with several initial guesses, but maybe adding more diversity in the initial guesses would help.

Wait, the initial_guesses in the previous code include a structured binary guess, a random binary guess, and a random uniform guess. Maybe adding a guess based on a known optimal solution or a more structured pattern could help. For example, using a binary pattern with a specific spacing that's known to be good for similar problems.

Alternatively, perhaps using a gradient-based method with more aggressive steps. But SLSQP is already a gradient-based method. Maybe adjusting the tolerance settings or the number of iterations.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (50) after the initial optimization. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or using a different perturbation strategy (like simulated annealing) could help escape local minima.

Wait, but the time budget is tight. So, perhaps the key is to make the initial guesses more effective. For example, generating initial guesses that are more likely to be near the global optimum. The current initial guesses are structured, random binary, and random uniform. Maybe adding a guess based on a known good configuration or using a different approach to generate the initial points.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate solutions, evolving them over generations. However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch might be time-consuming, and the user allows using scipy's optimization methods.

Another thought: the previous code uses the same objective function for all optimizations. However, the maximum correlation could be minimized by considering each shift individually. Maybe using a different objective function that penalizes each shift's contribution, but that might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, perhaps using a multi-objective approach where we try to minimize the maximum of several terms. But again, this might not be straightforward.

Wait, the problem requires that the function h is a step function. So, the previous approach of using a continuous optimization over h's values is valid, but perhaps the optimal solution has a certain structure that can be exploited. For example, the optimal h might have a certain number of intervals where it's 0 or 1, which could be modeled with a piecewise constant function.

But since the problem allows for any step function, the previous approach of optimizing over continuous values is acceptable.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed dx (2.0 / n_points). Maybe varying the dx or using a different discretization could help, but the problem states that the discretization is fixed as per the n_points.

Hmm. Let me think about the previous code's limitations. The initial guesses might not be sufficient. For example, the structured guess has ones every two points, which might not be optimal. Maybe a better structured guess is a binary pattern with more even distribution. For example, using a binary pattern where ones are placed at positions that are as spread out as possible.

Alternatively, using a binary pattern with a certain periodicity. For example, a pattern that repeats every 4 points with two ones and two zeros. But how to generate such a pattern?

Alternatively, perhaps using a random binary guess with a specific number of ones and zeros, ensuring that the ones are spread out. For example, using a greedy algorithm to place ones in positions that minimize the overlap with their shifted versions.

But generating such a guess might be complex. Alternatively, using a random binary guess with 50 ones and 50 zeros, but shuffled in a way that they are spread out. The previous code uses a random permutation of [ones(50), zeros(50)], which might not be optimal.

Another idea: the previous code uses a random uniform guess, which might not be effective. Maybe using a guess that's a combination of the structured and random guesses.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more sophisticated initial guess based on known solutions. For example, if there's a known good configuration for C_5, using that as an initial guess. However, since the user hasn't provided such a solution, this might not be possible.

Another angle: the previous code uses the same optimization method for all initial guesses. Maybe trying different optimization methods for different initial guesses. For example, using COBYLA for some and SLSQP for others. But the user's code already uses SLSQP.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for some initial guesses could lead to better results. However, this would take more time, which might exceed the budget.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using a local search method like Nelder-Mead for some initial guesses and SLSQP for others. But again, this might complicate the code.

Another thought: the previous code uses the same objective function for all optimizations. However, the maximum correlation is over all shifts k. Maybe the optimization can be modified to focus on the worst-case shift. For example, during optimization, prioritize reducing the maximum correlation by considering the worst shift. But how to implement this?

Alternatively, perhaps using a different objective function that approximates the maximum correlation. For example, using a penalty for each shift, but this might not be feasible.

Hmm. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization process. Let's think about how to generate better initial guesses.

The previous code's initial_guesses include:

1. The initial_h_values (given).
2. A structured binary guess with ones every two points.
3. A random binary guess with 50 ones and 50 zeros.
4. A random uniform guess.

Maybe adding another initial guess that's a combination of the structured and random guesses. For example, a binary guess with a certain pattern that's more spread out.

Alternatively, using a binary guess where the ones are placed at positions that are as evenly spaced as possible. For example, placing ones at positions i where i is a multiple of some value. But how to generate that?

Alternatively, using a binary guess where the ones are placed in a way that minimizes the maximum overlap. For example, using a greedy algorithm: place a one, then place the next one as far away as possible from the previous ones, and so on. This could generate a more spread-out binary pattern.

But implementing such a greedy algorithm might be time-consuming. However, since the initial guesses are generated once, it's manageable.

Another idea: the previous code uses a random uniform guess, which might not be effective. Maybe using a guess that's a combination of the structured and random guesses. For example, starting with the structured guess and adding some random noise.

Alternatively, using a binary guess with a certain number of ones and zeros, but arranged in a way that they are spread out. For example, using a binary pattern where the ones are placed at positions that are approximately equally spaced.

So, perhaps generating an initial guess with a binary pattern that's more evenly distributed. For example, using a binary array where the ones are placed at positions i where i mod 4 is 0 or 1, ensuring that they are spread out.

But how to generate this? Let's think: for n_points = 100, placing ones every 2 points would give 50 ones. But maybe placing them every 3 points would give a more spread-out pattern. However, 100 / 3 is about 33, which would give fewer ones than needed. So that's not helpful.

Alternatively, using a binary pattern with a certain periodicity. For example, a pattern that repeats every 5 points with two ones and three zeros. But again, this depends on the total number of points.

Alternatively, using a binary pattern where the ones are placed at positions that are as spread out as possible. This is similar to the problem of distributing points on a circle to maximize minimal distance. For example, placing the ones at positions that are approximately equally spaced.

For n_points = 100, if we want 50 ones, then the spacing between ones would be 2 points. But that's the same as the structured guess. So perhaps that's not helpful.

Hmm. Maybe the structured guess is already a good initial guess. The previous code's structured guess is ones every two points, which might be a good starting point. But perhaps there's a better way.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (5000) for the initial optimization. Maybe reducing the number of iterations for the initial guesses and using more iterations for the perturbations. However, this might not help.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm for some initial guesses and SLSQP for others. But the user's code already uses SLSQP.

Another angle: the previous code evaluates the objective function as the maximum correlation. However, the maximum correlation could be sensitive to small changes in h. Maybe using a different way to compute the maximum correlation, or approximating it with a different method.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be transformed into a different space. For example, using the Fourier transform of h and 1 - h, but I'm not sure how that would help.

Another thought: the overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This is equivalent to the maximum over k of the integral of h(x) dx - integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since the first term is the integral of h(x) which is 1, the problem becomes minimizing the maximum of 1 - integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. So, the problem is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. But I'm not sure if this helps.

Alternatively, since the integral of h(x) is 1, the overlap integral can be rewritten as 1 - integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. But again, not sure how to use this.

Perhaps using this formulation, we can think of the problem as maximizing the minimum of the cross-correlation between h and itself. But this might not be helpful for optimization.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed dx. Maybe using a different discretization, like adaptive sampling, could help. However, the problem specifies that the discretization is fixed as per n_points.

At this point, I think the main issue with the previous code is that the initial guesses might not be sufficient to find the global optimum. To improve this, perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses, especially ones that are more structured and spread out, could help. Additionally, using a different optimization strategy for the initial guesses, such as a combination of methods, might lead to better results.

So, the plan is:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, including structured patterns that are more spread out.
2. Use a different optimization method or adjust parameters to improve convergence.
3. Increase the number of perturbations or use a different perturbation strategy.
4. Ensure that the initial guesses are as good as possible to avoid local minima.

For the initial guesses, in addition to the existing ones, we can add:

- A binary guess where ones are placed at positions that are as spread out as possible (e.g., using a greedy algorithm).
- A binary guess with a different periodicity.
- A guess based on a known optimal solution (if available).

But since we don't have a known optimal solution, we can generate a greedy initial guess. For example, placing ones in positions that are as far apart as possible.

Let me think about how to generate such a guess. For a binary array of 100 points with 50 ones, the greedy approach would be to place the first one at position 0, then the next one as far as possible from the first, which would be position 100 - 1 = 99, then the next one as far as possible from both, which would be position 50, and so on. However, this might not be feasible for 50 ones. Alternatively, using a round-robin approach to distribute the ones evenly.

Alternatively, using a binary pattern where ones are placed at positions i where i mod 5 is 0 or 1, ensuring that they are spread out. But this is just a guess.

Another idea: use a binary pattern with a certain number of ones and zeros, but arranged in a way that minimizes the maximum overlap. For example, using a binary pattern where the ones are placed at positions that are spaced as evenly as possible. This can be achieved by placing the ones at positions i where i is approximately (n_points / (number_of_ones)) * k for k from 1 to number_of_ones. For example, with 50 ones in 100 points, this would be every other point, which is the structured guess. So that's already included.

Hmm. So perhaps the structured guess is already the best structured initial guess. Then, the other initial guesses are random binary and random uniform.

Another thought: the random uniform guess might not be effective. Maybe using a guess that is a combination of the structured guess and some random noise. For example, taking the structured guess and adding small random perturbations to some of the ones and zeros.

Alternatively, using a binary guess with a certain number of ones and zeros, but with some randomness to avoid local minima.

In any case, the main idea is to generate more diverse initial guesses and use them in the optimization process.

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using the COBYLA method, which doesn't require gradients, might be better for some initial guesses.

Additionally, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (5000) for the initial optimizations. Maybe reducing this number to save time and using more iterations for the perturbations.

But given the time budget, we need to balance between exploration and computation.

Another idea: the previous code uses the same objective function for all optimizations. However, the maximum correlation could be approximated by considering only a subset of shifts, which might reduce the computational load. But this could lead to suboptimal results.

Alternatively, using a different way to compute the maximum correlation. For example, precomputing all possible shifts and finding the maximum. But this is already what the code does.

Another possible optimization: since the integral is over [0, 2], the shifts k can range from -2 to 2. However, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the full cross-correlation, including all possible shifts. This is correct.

So, given all this, the plan is to:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses, including a structured binary guess with even spacing, a random binary guess, a random uniform guess, and a greedy initial guess.
- Use different optimization methods for different initial guesses.
- Increase the number of perturbations and use a more effective perturbation strategy.
- Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.

Now, translating this into code changes:

1. Add a new initial guess generated by a greedy algorithm to spread out the ones.
2. Use different optimization methods for different initial guesses (e.g., COBYLA for some, SLSQP for others).
3. Increase the number of perturbations and adjust their parameters.
4. Adjust the optimization parameters, such as the number of iterations and tolerance.

But since the user's code already uses SLSQP, perhaps using COBYLA for some initial guesses could help. However, the code may not have access to COBYLA. Wait, the user allows using scipy's optimization methods, including COBYLA. So, modifying the code to use different methods for different initial guesses could be beneficial.

However, the previous code uses SLSQP for all optimizations. Let's see if that's the case.

In the previous code, the optimization is done with method='SLSQP'. So, changing that to another method for some initial guesses could help. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method for some initial guesses.

But this requires modifying the code.

Another possible change is to use a different way to generate the initial guesses. For example, using a binary guess with a certain pattern that is more spread out.

Let me think about generating a greedy initial guess. For example, placing the ones as evenly as possible. For 50 ones in 100 points, this would be every other point, which is the structured guess. So that's already included.

Hmm. Maybe the structured guess is already the best structured initial guess. So, perhaps the main issue is the random initial guesses.

Another idea: the previous code uses a random permutation of [ones(50), zeros(50)], which might not be the best way to spread out the ones. Instead, using a random binary array where the ones are placed in positions that are as spread out as possible. This can be done by generating a random permutation of the indices and selecting the first 50 as ones. But this is what the code already does.

So, perhaps the main issue is the optimization process. To improve the optimization, perhaps using a different method or adjusting the parameters.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (5000) for the initial optimizations. Maybe reducing this number to save time and using more iterations for the perturbations. However, this might not help.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method for some initial guesses, which doesn't require gradients and might escape local minima better.

But the user's code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method. So, changing to Nelder-Mead for some initial guesses could be beneficial.

In conclusion, the main improvements to make are:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, including a structured binary guess, a random binary guess, a random uniform guess, and a greedy initial guess.
2. Use different optimization methods for different initial guesses (e.g., SLSQP for structured guesses, Nelder-Mead for random guesses).
3. Increase the number of perturbations and use a more effective perturbation strategy.
4. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.

Now, translating these ideas into code changes.

First, generating a greedy initial guess. For example, placing ones at positions that are as spread out as possible. However, for 50 ones in 100 points, this would be every other point, which is already the structured guess. So, perhaps this isn't helpful.

Alternatively, generating a binary guess with a different pattern. For example, a binary guess where the ones are placed at positions that are spaced with varying intervals to avoid clustering.

But without a specific method, it's hard to generate such a guess. So, perhaps sticking with the existing initial guesses and improving the optimization process.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (50). Maybe increasing this number to 100, but this would take more time. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, it might be feasible.

Alternatively, using a different perturbation strategy, such as adding noise to the best_h and then optimizing again.

Another possible improvement: using a different way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the correlations for all shifts and finding the maximum. But this is already what the code does.

In the end, the main changes to the code would be:

- Adding more initial guesses.
- Using different optimization methods for different initial guesses.
- Increasing the number of perturbations.
- Adjusting the optimization parameters.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the initial guesses and use a different optimization method for some of them.

So, the revised code would:

- Generate more initial guesses, including a structured binary guess, a random binary guess, a random uniform guess, and a guess based on a different structured pattern.
- Use different optimization methods for different initial guesses.
- Increase the number of perturbations and adjust their parameters.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

For example, adding a new initial guess that is a binary pattern with a different spacing. For instance, a binary pattern where ones are placed every 3 points, but this might not fit exactly. Alternatively, using a binary pattern with a certain number of ones and zeros arranged in a way that minimizes overlap.

Alternatively, using a binary pattern where the ones are placed at positions i where i mod 5 is 0 or 1, ensuring that they are spread out.

But without knowing the exact pattern, it's hard to implement. So, perhaps the best is to stick with the existing initial guesses and improve the optimization process.

Another idea: the previous code uses the same objective function for all optimizations. However, the maximum correlation could be approximated by considering only a subset of shifts. For example, focusing on shifts that are most likely to contribute to the maximum. But this is speculative.

In conclusion, the code can be modified to generate more diverse initial guesses and use different optimization methods for them. Additionally, increasing the number of perturbations and adjusting the optimization parameters could help.

So, the final code would include:

- More initial guesses.
- Different optimization methods for different initial guesses.
- More perturbations with adjusted parameters.

Now, translating this into code.

The initial_guesses in the previous code include the structured guess, random binary, and random uniform. Adding a new initial guess based on a different pattern, such as a binary pattern with a certain periodicity.

For example, a binary pattern with a period of 4, where two ones and two zeros are repeated. This would give a more spread-out pattern.

But for n_points=100, this would require that 100 is divisible by 4, which it is. So, for each group of 4 points, we have two ones and two zeros. This would give 50 ones in total. So, this could be a new initial guess.

So, generating this pattern:

structured_guess_2 = np.zeros(n_points)
for i in range(0, n_points, 4):
    structured_guess_2[i] = 1.0
    structured_guess_2[i+1] = 1.0

This would create a pattern with ones every two points in a group of four. This might be a better structured guess than the previous one.

Adding this as a new initial guess.

Additionally, using different optimization methods for different initial guesses. For example, using 'L-BFGS-B' for the random guesses and 'SLSQP' for the structured guesses.

But the user's code already uses SLSQP. So, modifying the code to use different methods for different initial guesses.

However, this would require more code changes. Given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to stick with SLSQP and improve the initial guesses.

Another possible change: increasing the number of iterations for the initial optimizations. For example, using 10,000 iterations instead of 5000. But this would take more time.

Alternatively, using a lower tolerance to allow for more precise optimization.

In the end, the code can be modified to include more initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters to improve convergence.

So, the final code would include:

- More initial guesses, including the new structured guess with period 4.
- Using different optimization methods for different initial guesses.
- Increasing the number of perturbations and adjusting their parameters.

But given the time, I'll proceed to write the code with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_h_values.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Generate multiple initial guesses
    initial_guesses = [initial_h_values]
    
    # Structured binary guess with even spacing
    structured_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
    for i in range(50):
        structured_guess[2*i] = 1.0
    initial_guesses.append(structured_guess)
    
    # Structured binary guess with period 4
    structured_guess_2 = np.zeros(n_points)
    for i in range(0, n_points, 4):
        structured_guess_2[i] = 1.0
        structured_guess_2[i+1] = 1.0
    initial_guesses.append(structured_guess_2)
    
    # Random binary guess
    binary_guess = np.random.permutation(np.concatenate([np.ones(50), np.zeros(50)]))
    initial_guesses.append(binary_guess)
    
    # Random uniform guess
    random_guess = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
    random_guess = random_guess * (target_sum / np.sum(random_guess))
    initial_guesses.append(random_guess)
    
    # Evaluate each initial guess
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Ensure the guess is valid
        guess = np.clip(guess, 0, 1)
        guess = guess * (target_sum / np.sum(guess))
        # Run optimization
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 5000}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    
    # Additional perturbations to refine the solution
    for _ in range(100):  # Increased number of perturbations
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s:
            break
        # Perturb the best_h with varying noise
        noise = np.random.uniform(-0.01, 0.01, n_points)
        perturbed = best_h + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 3000}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```