<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38092, and we need to get it down to 0.380876 or lower. 

First, I need to understand the problem setup. We have to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. The discretization uses n_points samples, with dx = 2/n_points. The sum of h must be n_points/2 to satisfy the integral constraint.

The previous code uses SLSQP optimization with various initial guesses. But maybe there's room for improvement. Let's think about the lessons from earlier attempts. The user mentioned generating diverse initial guesses and perturbing them. The previous code already does that, but perhaps the optimization approach isn't sufficient.

Hmm, the problem is that the objective function is non-convex, and SLSQP might get stuck in local minima. Maybe a different optimization approach would help. Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses, but maybe more diverse initializations or different strategies could lead to better results.

Another thought: the current approach uses a fixed n_points (from initial_h_values, which is 100 samples). Maybe trying with fewer points could be faster and allow for more exploration within the time budget. However, the user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, so maybe using n_points=50 or 100 is better. Wait, the initial_h_values is 100 samples. But the user's previous program used that. However, maybe starting with a lower n_points could allow for more iterations and better exploration.

Wait, the problem says that the previous program used initial_h_values with n=100. The current code's run function uses that. But perhaps starting with a different n_points could be better. However, the user says that the initial_h_values are provided, so maybe we should start from there. But the user also says that we can explore other starting points. 

Another idea: the overlap integral is maximized over k. So, for each shift k, we compute the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. To minimize the maximum of these, the function h should be designed such that for any shift k, the overlap is as small as possible. This is similar to a covering problem, where h(x) and 1 - h(x +k) should not overlap too much. 

What's the structure of a good h? Maybe a periodic function with certain spacing. For example, if h is a binary function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, then the overlap would be the measure of the intersection of those intervals shifted by k. But since the integral of h is 1, the total length of the intervals where h is 1 is 1. 

But with a step function, perhaps a more optimal structure is possible. For example, using a combination of intervals and maybe some overlapping regions. However, since the function is step, it's piecewise constant. 

The previous code uses SLSQP with various initial guesses. However, maybe the optimization is too slow or not effective. Perhaps using a different optimization method, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, could help escape local minima. But given the time constraints, maybe that's not feasible. 

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem. However, the objective is the maximum of several integrals, which makes it non-convex. 

Another approach: since the overlap integral for a given k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx, which can be rewritten as the integral over x of h(x) - h(x)h(x +k) dx. The integral of h(x) is 1, so the first term is 1. The second term is the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, the overlap integral is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx over k. 

So, the problem becomes finding h that maximizes the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx over all k. This might be a different way to think about it, but I'm not sure if it helps directly. 

But perhaps this perspective can guide the design of h. For example, if h is designed such that the overlap with its shifted versions is as large as possible, then the maximum overlap integral would be minimized. 

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, maybe h should be designed to be as "spread out" as possible. For example, if h is a uniform distribution over [0,2], then the integral of h(x)h(x +k) would depend on k. But the uniform distribution might not be optimal. 

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals spaced in a way that their shifts don't overlap much. For example, if h is 1 on intervals of length 1/2, spaced apart by some distance. But since the total integral is 1, the total length of the intervals where h is 1 is 1. So, for example, two intervals of length 0.5 each, spaced apart. 

But how to model this? Maybe using a binary step function with certain intervals. However, the previous code uses a continuous step function (since h is a step function, but the samples can be any values between 0 and 1). 

Wait, the problem says h is a step function, but the discretization is represented as n_points samples. So, perhaps the function is piecewise constant, with each sample representing a constant value over a subinterval of length dx. 

So, the key is to choose the values of h at each sample point such that when you shift by k, the overlap between h and 1 - h is minimized. 

Another thought: since the overlap integral is maximized over k, perhaps the worst-case shift k is related to the spacing between the intervals where h is 1. For example, if h is 1 on intervals spaced such that the shift k that causes maximum overlap is minimized. 

But how to model this? Maybe using a Fourier analysis approach. The integral ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx can be related to the Fourier transform of h. However, since h is a step function, its Fourier transform might have certain properties. But I'm not sure how to apply this here. 

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs when k is such that the shifted h(x +k) overlaps as much as possible with the original h(x). So, the function h should be designed to avoid such overlaps. 

Perhaps using a function with high-frequency components, so that shifting by small k doesn't cause much overlap. For example, a function that alternates between 0 and 1 rapidly. However, since the integral is 1, the total area under h is 1. 

But how to balance between the frequency and the area? 

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal h is a binary function (taking values 0 or 1) that is as "spread out" as possible. For example, placing 1s in positions that are spaced apart to minimize overlap when shifted. 

But the previous code already tried some binary guesses. However, perhaps there's a better way to generate such binary functions. For example, using a greedy algorithm to place the 1s in positions that minimize the maximum overlap. 

But with the time constraints, perhaps it's better to focus on improving the optimization approach. 

Looking back at the previous code, it uses SLSQP with multiple initial guesses and perturbations. However, the optimization might be getting stuck in local minima. Maybe using a different optimization method, like a genetic algorithm, could help explore the search space more effectively. But given the time budget, implementing a genetic algorithm might be too slow. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method with better convergence. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradients. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method. 

Wait, but the objective function is the maximum of several integrals. The maximum is a non-smooth function, which could make gradient-based methods less effective. Maybe using a different approach to approximate the maximum. 

Another idea: since the maximum is over k, perhaps we can approximate the integral for a few critical values of k. For example, the worst-case shifts might be those that align the intervals of h with their shifts. So, maybe focusing the optimization on those specific k values. 

Alternatively, during the optimization, we can evaluate the maximum over a grid of k values, but that might be computationally expensive. 

Alternatively, perhaps the maximum occurs at specific k values, such as k=0, k=1, or k=2. But I'm not sure. 

Another thought: the current code uses the full correlation, which for a given h, computes the cross-correlation with 1 - h. The maximum of this cross-correlation multiplied by dx is the C5 value. So, perhaps the code is correct in that part. 

But maybe the way the initial guesses are generated can be improved. The previous code uses a structured binary guess with every third point set to 1, a random binary guess, a random uniform guess, and a periodic guess. Maybe adding more diverse initial guesses, such as those based on different patterns (like a sine wave, or a more complex structure) could help. 

Alternatively, using a more systematic way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a grid search over possible patterns, but that might be too time-consuming. 

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h has certain symmetry properties. For example, being symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2]. This could reduce the number of possible shifts to consider. 

But how to enforce symmetry in the optimization? Maybe by constraining the h values to be symmetric. However, this might not be necessary, and could limit the search space. 

Alternatively, considering that the function h is defined on [0,2], perhaps the optimal h has a certain periodicity. For example, if h is periodic with period 1, then shifting by 1 would result in the same function. However, this might not be optimal. 

Another approach: since the integral of h is 1, maybe the function h should be designed to have as much as possible non-overlapping regions when shifted. For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are spaced such that shifting by any k would not cause significant overlap. 

But how to model this? For instance, if h is 1 on intervals of length 1/2, spaced 1 unit apart. But since the total length is 1, two intervals of 0.5 each, spaced 1 unit apart. However, shifting by 0.5 would cause overlap between the two intervals. 

Alternatively, using more intervals. For example, four intervals of length 0.25 each, spaced in such a way that their shifts don't overlap. But this is getting into the realm of designing a specific pattern, which might not be optimal. 

Perhaps the previous code's initial guesses are not sufficient. For example, the structured binary guess with every third point set to 1 might not be optimal. Maybe generating initial guesses with different spacing patterns could help. 

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of initial guesses, generate a larger number of diverse initial guesses, perhaps using random patterns with different structures. For example, some initial guesses could be binary with varying numbers of 1s, others could be continuous functions with certain shapes. 

But given the time constraints, generating too many initial guesses might be computationally expensive. 

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the search space more effectively. However, implementing Bayesian optimization in Python might be complex and time-consuming. 

Another thought: the previous code uses the same n_points as the initial_h_values (100 samples). Maybe trying with a smaller n_points, like 50 or 100, could allow for more iterations within the time budget. For example, with fewer samples, each optimization run is faster, allowing for more trials. 

But the user's previous program used n_points=100. However, the problem statement says that smaller sequences are preferred. So perhaps reducing n_points to 50 could be better. However, the initial_h_values might be for n=100. So, maybe the code should start with n_points=100, but perhaps trying with n_points=50 could lead to better results. 

But how to decide? Well, the user's target is to get a lower C5 bound. Maybe using a smaller n_points allows for more exploration, but the trade-off is that the approximation might be less accurate. 

Alternatively, perhaps the current code's approach is sufficient, but the optimization parameters need tuning. For example, increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance. 

Wait, in the previous code, the initial optimization runs have a maxiter of 5000, and the perturbations have 3000. Maybe reducing the maxiter could save time, allowing more perturbations. 

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed set of initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses by varying parameters, such as the number of 1s in the binary guess, or different spacing patterns. 

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initialization, such as starting with a function that is designed to have low overlap. For example, a function that is 1 on intervals that are as spread out as possible. 

But how to generate such a function? For example, placing the 1s in positions that are spaced evenly. For instance, if the function is 1 on intervals of length 1/n_points, spaced evenly. But this is just a guess. 

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal h is a binary function with certain properties. For example, a binary function with 1s placed such that the distance between any two 1s is maximized. However, since the integral is 1, the total length of 1s is 1. 

For example, if we have m intervals of length l, then m*l = 1. To maximize the spacing between intervals, we can spread them out as much as possible. However, this is a trade-off between the number of intervals and their spacing. 

But how to translate this into a function h? For example, if we have two intervals of length 0.5, spaced 1 unit apart. Then, shifting by 0.5 would cause overlap between the two intervals. 

Alternatively, using more intervals. For example, four intervals of length 0.25, spaced 0.5 units apart. This would spread them out more. 

But this is getting into the realm of designing a specific pattern, which might not be optimal. 

Perhaps the previous code's structured guess with every third point set to 1 is a start, but maybe other patterns would be better. 

Another idea: using a function that is 1 on a single interval of length 1, but shifted to the left or right. However, this would have a high overlap when shifted by small k. 

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on two intervals, each of length 0.5, spaced apart by some distance. For example, if the two intervals are placed at positions 0-0.5 and 1-1.5, then shifting by 0.5 would cause overlap between the two intervals. 

But this is just one possible configuration. 

Given that the previous code's best result was 0.380973, and the target is 0.380876, we need to find a way to improve this. 

Perhaps the key is to improve the optimization process. For example, using a different optimization method or adjusting the parameters. 

Another thought: the previous code uses SLSQP with bounds and constraints. However, the objective function is non-convex, and SLSQP might not find the global minimum. Maybe using a different optimization library or method could help. 

For example, using the COBYLA method, which doesn't require gradients, might be more effective in some cases. Or using a global optimization method like differential evolution. 

But the user has access to scipy's optimization methods. Let's check what's available. Scipy has differential evolution (DE), which is a global optimization method. Maybe using DE could help find better solutions. 

However, DE is slower than SLSQP, but with the time budget of 100 seconds, maybe it's feasible. 

So, perhaps modifying the code to use differential evolution for the optimization steps. 

But how to integrate that into the existing code? 

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: for example, using DE for initial exploration and then SLSQP for refinement. 

Another idea: the previous code uses multiple initial guesses and perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses and using different optimization methods for each could help. 

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, and see if that leads to better results. 

So, the plan is:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generate diverse initial guesses, including binary patterns, periodic functions, and random ones.
3. For each initial guess, perform optimization using a different method, such as differential evolution, to explore the search space more thoroughly.
4. Perturb the best solution found and perform further optimizations.
5. Track the best solution found within the time budget.

But how to implement this in code? Let's think about the code structure.

The previous code uses minimize with SLSQP. Changing to differential evolution would involve using the 'differential_evolution' method. However, DE requires bounds and can handle constraints. 

But the constraint is that the sum of h must be target_sum. How to handle that with DE? The constraint can be incorporated into the optimization by adding it as an equality constraint. However, DE might not handle equality constraints directly. Alternatively, we can use a penalty method, where the objective function includes a penalty for violating the constraint. 

But this might complicate things. Alternatively, during the optimization, we can scale the variables to maintain the sum constraint. For example, after each iteration, scale the h values so that their sum is target_sum. 

But this might not be straightforward with DE. 

Alternatively, we can use the 'SLSQP' method with the constraint, as the previous code does. However, maybe using a different method for different parts of the optimization. 

Another idea: for the initial guesses, use DE to explore the search space, and then use SLSQP for refinement. 

But given the time constraints, perhaps using DE for the initial optimization steps could be more effective. 

Alternatively, perhaps the previous code's optimization is too slow, and using a different method could speed it up. 

But without knowing the exact performance, it's hard to say. 

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the key is to find a function h that has low overlap with its shifted versions. This is similar to a set of functions that are "independent" in some sense. 

In information theory, this is similar to designing a code with certain properties. However, I'm not sure how to apply that here. 

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral for a given k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the integral of h(x) - h(x)h(x +k) dx. The first term is 1, so the overlap integral is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx over k. 

So, the problem becomes finding h that maximizes the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx for all k. 

This is a max-min problem. Perhaps this perspective can guide the design of h. 

For example, if h is designed such that for any shift k, the overlap ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx is as large as possible, then the maximum overlap integral would be minimized. 

But how to achieve this? Maybe by making h as "spread out" as possible, so that shifting it doesn't cause much overlap. 

Another idea: the integral ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx is the autocorrelation of h at lag k. So, the problem is to find h with a certain autocorrelation profile that is as flat as possible. 

In signal processing, this is similar to designing a signal with low autocorrelation, which is useful in communication systems to minimize interference. 

So, perhaps the optimal h is a signal with low autocorrelation. 

For example, a Barker code has the property that its autocorrelation is minimal. However, Barker codes are typically for binary sequences, and their autocorrelation is 1 for lag 0 and 0 for other lags. But this is only possible for certain lengths. 

However, in our case, the function h is a step function on [0,2], and we need to maximize the minimum of the autocorrelation. 

But how to apply this? Maybe designing h to have low autocorrelation at all lags. 

But since the function is continuous, it's not clear how to directly apply Barker codes. 

However, this suggests that the optimal h should be designed to have minimal overlap with its shifted versions. 

So, perhaps the previous code's approach is on the right track, but needs to be improved. 

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of initial guesses, generate more initial guesses with different patterns. For example, using a binary function with varying numbers of 1s, or using a function that is 1 on intervals spaced in a certain way. 

But how to generate these patterns? For example, for a binary function with m ones, the positions of the ones can be chosen to minimize the maximum overlap. 

This sounds like a combinatorial optimization problem, which might be too time-consuming for large m. 

But for small m, it could be feasible. For example, if m is 50, then the number of possible positions is C(n_points, m), which is too large. 

Alternatively, using a greedy algorithm to place the ones in positions that minimize the overlap. 

But again, with the time constraints, this might not be feasible. 

Given all these considerations, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, and see if that leads to better results. 

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution for the initial optimization steps. 

But how to implement this in scipy? The scipy.optimize.differential_evolution function can be used. However, it requires the bounds and the objective function. 

But the constraint that the sum of h is target_sum needs to be handled. One way is to use a penalty method, where the objective function includes a penalty term for violating the constraint. 

Alternatively, during the optimization, we can scale the h values to maintain the sum constraint. 

For example, in the objective function, after computing the overlap integral, we can scale the h values so that their sum is target_sum. However, this might not be straightforward with differential evolution. 

Alternatively, we can use the 'SLSQP' method with the constraint, as the previous code does, but adjust the parameters to allow for more iterations. 

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses and perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses and using different optimization methods for each could help. 

But given the time budget, it's important to balance between exploration and computation. 

In conclusion, the plan is to:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generate diverse initial guesses, including binary patterns, periodic functions, and random ones.
3. For each initial guess, perform optimization using a different method (e.g., differential evolution or SLSQP) to explore the search space.
4. Perturb the best solution found and perform further optimizations.
5. Track the best solution found within the time budget.

Now, translating this into code. The previous code uses SLSQP with multiple initial guesses. To improve, perhaps using differential evolution for some of the initial guesses. 

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use differential evolution for some of the initial guesses and see if that leads to better results. 

However, implementing differential evolution with the constraint might be complex. Alternatively, we can use the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations and better parameters. 

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses and using more varied patterns could help. For example, adding a guess that is a sine wave or other periodic function. 

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to say. 

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a binary guess with a certain number of 1s, spaced evenly. 

But again, this is speculative. 

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, for some of the initial guesses. 

So, in the code, replace some of the SLSQP optimizations with differential evolution. 

But how to do that? Let's think. 

The differential evolution method in scipy.optimize.differential_evolution requires the objective function and bounds. The constraint that the sum of h is target_sum can be handled by adding a penalty term to the objective function. 

For example, the objective function could be the overlap integral plus a penalty term proportional to (sum(h) - target_sum)^2. 

But this might not be effective, as the penalty could dominate the objective. 

Alternatively, during the optimization, we can scale the h values to maintain the sum constraint. For example, after each iteration, scale the h values so that their sum is target_sum. 

But this might not be compatible with the differential evolution method. 

Alternatively, use the 'SLSQP' method with the constraint, as the previous code does, but adjust the parameters. 

In the previous code, the optimization uses SLSQP with a maxiter of 5000 and 3000 for perturbations. Maybe increasing the maxiter or adjusting the tolerance could help. 

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial guesses. 

But without knowing the exact impact, it's hard to say. 

Another idea: the previous code's initial guesses include a random binary guess with 50 ones and 50 zeros. Maybe generating more such guesses with different numbers of ones could help. 

For example, generating binary guesses with varying numbers of ones, such as 25, 50, 75, etc. 

But again, this is speculative. 

In conclusion, given the time constraints and the need to improve the previous code, the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, for some of the initial guesses, and see if that leads to better results. 

So, the modified code would include using differential evolution for some initial guesses, while keeping the SLSQP for others. 

But how to implement this? Let's think about the code structure. 

The previous code has a loop over initial_guesses, and for each guess, it runs SLSQP optimization. 

To use differential evolution, we can replace some of these optimizations with differential evolution. 

For example, for some initial guesses, use differential evolution with the objective function and bounds, and include a penalty for the sum constraint. 

But how to handle the constraint? 

Alternatively, during the optimization, we can scale the h values to maintain the sum constraint. 

For example, in the objective function, after computing the overlap integral, we can scale the h values so that their sum is target_sum. However, this might not be compatible with the optimization method. 

Alternatively, use the 'SLSQP' method with the constraint, as before, but with more iterations. 

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to keep the previous code's structure but increase the number of initial guesses and perturbations, and adjust the optimization parameters. 

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help explore more of the search space. 

For example, adding more structured guesses, such as a binary guess with every fourth point set to 1, or other patterns. 

But without knowing the exact patterns, it's hard to say. 

In the end, given the time constraints and the need to produce code, the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, for some of the initial guesses, and see if that leads to better results. 

So, the final code would include using differential evolution for some of the initial guesses, along with the previous methods. 

But to implement this, I need to adjust the code to use differential evolution for some of the optimizations. 

However, the previous code uses the 'SLSQP' method. Let's proceed with modifying the code to use differential evolution for some of the initial guesses. 

But how to handle the constraint? 

The constraint is that the sum of h is target_sum. For differential evolution, we can include this as an equality constraint. However, the scipy.optimize.differential_evolution method does not directly support equality constraints. 

An alternative is to use a penalty method, where the objective function includes a penalty term for violating the constraint. 

For example, the objective function could be:

def objective(h):
    one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
    corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
    return np.max(corr) * dx + 1e-3 * (np.sum(h) - target_sum)**2

This way, the optimization will try to minimize the overlap integral and also keep the sum of h close to target_sum. 

However, this might not be as effective as using a constraint, but it's a way to incorporate the constraint into the objective function. 

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution with this penalty function. 

But this is just one approach. 

In the end, given the time, I'll proceed with modifying the previous code to use differential evolution for some of the initial guesses, and see if that leads to better results. 

The final code would include generating more initial guesses, using different optimization methods, and perturbing the best solution found. 

But to keep it within the time budget, perhaps using differential evolution for some of the initial guesses and SLSQP for others. 

Now, writing the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import differential_evolution, minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_h_values.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Generate diverse initial guesses
    initial_guesses = [initial_h_values]
    
    # Structured binary guess with varying spacing
    structured_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
    structured_guess[::3] = 1.0  # Every third point
    structured_guess[1::4] = 1.0  # Additional spaced points
    initial_guesses.append(structured_guess)
    
    # Random binary guess with spread-out 1s
    binary_guess = np.random.permutation(np.concatenate([np.ones(50), np.zeros(50)]))
    initial_guesses.append(binary_guess)
    
    # Random uniform guess
    random_guess = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
    random_guess = random_guess * (target_sum / np.sum(random_guess))
    initial_guesses.append(random_guess)
    
    # Periodic guess with varying phase
    periodic_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
    for i in range(n_points):
        if i % 2 == 0:
            periodic_guess[i] = 1.0
    periodic_guess = periodic_guess * (target_sum / np.sum(periodic_guess))
    initial_guesses.append(periodic_guess)
    
    # Evaluate each initial guess
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Ensure the guess is valid
        guess = np.clip(guess, 0, 1)
        guess = guess * (target_sum / np.sum(guess))
        # Run optimization
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        # Use differential evolution for some initial guesses
        if np.random.rand() < 0.5:
            result = differential_evolution(
                objective,
                bounds,
                constraints=cons,
                popsize=15,
                mutation=(0.5, 1),
                recombination=0.9,
                tol=1e-8,
                maxiter=100,
                disp=False
            )
        else:
            result = minimize(
                objective,
                guess,
                method='SLSQP',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=cons,
                options={'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 500}
            )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    
    # Additional perturbations with varied strategies
    for _ in range(150):  # More perturbations for thorough exploration
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s:
            break
        # Perturb the best_h with systematic noise
        noise = np.random.uniform(-0.01, 0.01, n_points)
        perturbed = best_h + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        # Use differential evolution for refinement
        result = differential_evolution(
            objective,
            bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            popsize=15,
            mutation=(0.5, 1),
            recombination=0.9,
            tol=1e-8,
            maxiter=50,
            disp=False
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```