<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral. The previous approach used SLSQP with perturbations, but it didn't reach the target of 0.380876. So, I need to think of a different strategy.

First, I should understand the problem again. We need a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, and we want to minimize the maximum overlap integral when shifted by k. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The current best is 0.38092, and we need to get lower.

The previous code used a perturbation approach with SLSQP, but maybe that's getting stuck in local optima. Let's think about other optimization strategies. Maybe using a different optimization method, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, could help escape local minima. However, those might be slower. Alternatively, maybe a better initial guess or a more effective way to explore the search space.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that minimizes the maximum overlap with its shifted versions. This resembles a kind of anti-correlation problem. Perhaps using a more structured approach, like dividing the interval into regions with specific patterns, could help. For example, using a piecewise constant function with certain periodicity or symmetry.

Wait, the initial guess is given as initial_h_values with n=100 samples. Maybe starting from that and using a different optimization strategy could help. Let me think about the lessons from earlier attempts. The first lesson was to use SLSQP with equality constraints, which the previous code already does. So that's already in place. But maybe the perturbation strategy isn't effective enough.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the current best solution, maybe use a more systematic exploration. For example, using a grid search over certain parameters or using a Bayesian optimization approach to guide the search. However, with the time budget, that might be challenging.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a more tractable form. Since the overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx, perhaps we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we minimize the maximum value. But how?

Another approach: since the integral is over x, and the shift k can be any real number, but in the discretized version, k is the shift between samples. However, in the code, they use np.correlate with mode 'full', which might not capture all possible shifts. Wait, the problem says that the evaluation computes C5 as the maximum of the correlate, which is the convolution. But the actual integral for a shift k would be the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. However, in the discretized version, the code uses the full convolution, which might not exactly correspond to the integral for all possible k. But perhaps for the purposes of the problem, the code's approach is acceptable.

So, the main issue is how to find a good h that minimizes this maximum. The previous approach used perturbations and SLSQP, but maybe we can improve that by using a different optimization method or by incorporating more constraints.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (600) with decreasing noise. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the noise in a different way could help. Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a bilevel optimization approach where we minimize the maximum value subject to the integral constraint. However, bilevel optimization is complex and might not be feasible here.

Alternatively, maybe using a gradient-based method with more sophisticated steps. But SLSQP is already a gradient-based method. Perhaps adjusting the parameters, like the tolerance or the maximum iterations, could help. However, the previous code already has a relatively high ftol of 1e-9 and maxiter of 300.

Another angle: the current best is 0.38092. The target is 0.380876. So we need to find a solution that is slightly better. Maybe the initial guess is close to the optimal, but the optimization isn't finding it. Perhaps using a different initial guess could help. The problem says that the initial_h_values are available, but maybe starting from a different initial guess, like a more evenly distributed function, could lead to better results.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given, but maybe generating a better initial guess by using some heuristic. For example, creating a function that has regions where h is 0 and 1 in a way that minimizes overlap. For instance, if h is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart, then shifting would result in less overlap. However, the integral must be 1, so the total area under h is 1. For example, if h is 1 on intervals of length 1/2, but spaced out so that their shifts don't overlap much.

But how to translate this into a step function? Maybe using a periodic pattern. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 1 for a certain length and 0 otherwise, arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap much. However, with the integral constraint, the total length of the intervals where h is 1 must be 1 (since the integral is 1 and the interval is length 2, so average value is 0.5). So, if we have intervals of length 1/2, then the total number of such intervals would be 2, but arranged so that their shifts don't overlap. But this is getting a bit abstract.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, with the intervals placed to minimize overlap when shifted. For example, if we have two intervals of length 0.5 each, placed at positions 0.25 and 1.25. Then shifting by 0.5 would cause overlap between the two intervals. But maybe with more intervals?

But this is getting into the realm of designing a specific function. Maybe the initial guess is not optimal, and we need to find a better starting point. However, the problem states that the initial_h_values are available, so perhaps using that as a starting point is better than generating a random one.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe instead of perturbing the current best solution, we can use a more diverse set of initial guesses. For example, generating multiple initial guesses with different patterns and then optimizing each one, then taking the best result. However, with the time budget, this might be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. For example, using a genetic algorithm where the population consists of different h functions, and we evolve them to minimize the overlap. However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch might be time-consuming, and with the time constraints, it's not clear if it would be faster than the current approach.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe there's a way to improve the optimization process. For example, using a more efficient solver, like using the SLSQP method with a better tolerance or more iterations. However, the previous code already has a high ftol and maxiter.

Another idea: the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals. This is a minimax problem. Perhaps we can model this as a convex optimization problem, but I'm not sure. The integrals are linear in h, but the maximum is a non-convex operation. So it's not straightforward.

Alternatively, maybe we can approximate the maximum by using a penalty function. For example, adding a penalty term that increases as the maximum value increases. However, this would require solving a sequence of optimization problems with increasing penalties, which might be computationally intensive.

Another approach: since the overlap integral depends on the shift k, perhaps we can consider specific shifts that are likely to be problematic and try to minimize those. For example, shifts that correspond to the most overlapping regions. But how to determine which shifts to focus on?

Alternatively, perhaps we can use a dual approach, where we try to find a function h that is as "spread out" as possible. For example, using a function that has a flat profile with minimal peaks, which would reduce the overlap when shifted. However, the integral constraint requires that the total area is 1, so a flat function would have h(x) = 0.5 everywhere, but that would lead to a high overlap integral. For example, if h(x) = 0.5 for all x, then 1 - h(x) is also 0.5, and the integral over any shift would be 0.5 * 0.5 * 2 = 0.5, which is worse than the current best. So that's not helpful.

Hmm. So maybe the optimal function has regions where it's 1 and 0, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart so that their shifts don't overlap much. But how to balance the integral constraint?

Let me think about the integral. The integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1. So if h is 1 on a subset of [0,2] with measure 1, and 0 elsewhere. Then, when shifted by k, the overlap integral would be the integral over x where both h(x) and 1 - h(x + k) are 1. Which would be the measure of the intersection between the support of h and the support of 1 - h(x + k), which is the same as the measure of x where h(x) = 1 and h(x + k) = 0. So, to minimize the maximum overlap, we need to arrange the support of h such that for any shift k, the overlap between h and the shifted h is minimized.

This seems similar to a covering problem. The goal is to place intervals (the support of h) such that their shifts don't overlap too much. For example, if the support is a set of intervals arranged with sufficient spacing, then shifting by certain amounts would result in little overlap.

But how to translate this into a step function with n_points samples? Maybe using a periodic pattern. For example, if the support is divided into two intervals of length 0.5 each, placed at positions 0.25 and 1.25. Then, shifting by 0.5 would cause the intervals to overlap. But shifting by 1.0 would not. However, the maximum overlap would be the maximum of these overlaps.

But this is just a simple example. Maybe a more complex arrangement with more intervals could lead to better results. However, with the integral constraint, the total length of the support is 1. So for example, if we have four intervals of length 0.25 each, spaced out. But this is getting into the realm of specific constructions.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, with the intervals placed to minimize the maximum overlap. This would be a combinatorial optimization problem, but with the discretization, it becomes a problem of choosing which samples to set to 1 or 0.

But how to model this? Maybe using a binary optimization problem where each h[i] is either 0 or 1, but the previous code uses continuous values. However, the problem allows h to be any step function, not necessarily binary. So perhaps allowing some intermediate values could help.

Wait, but the previous code uses continuous values. Maybe the optimal solution is not binary, but has some intermediate values. However, the problem allows h to be any step function, so the binary case is a subset of possible solutions.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx, perhaps we can consider that for each k, this integral is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. So, the problem is to arrange h such that for any shift k, the area of overlap between h and the shifted h is minimized.

This is similar to a problem in signal processing where you want a signal that is as uncorrelated as possible with its shifted versions. In that case, certain types of signals (like random binary sequences) might have low autocorrelation. However, our case is slightly different because we have a constraint on the integral.

So, perhaps using a random binary sequence with certain properties could be a good starting point. However, the integral constraint requires that the total number of 1s is n_points / 2. For example, if n_points is 100, then 50 of the samples should be 1 and 50 should be 0. But how to arrange them to minimize the maximum overlap?

This sounds like a combinatorial optimization problem. However, with the time constraints, it's not feasible to try all possibilities. So, perhaps using a heuristic to generate such a sequence. For example, using a greedy algorithm to place the 1s in positions that minimize the overlap with their shifted versions.

But how to implement this? Maybe starting with a random arrangement and then iteratively swapping positions to reduce the maximum overlap. However, this could be computationally intensive.

Alternatively, using a more structured approach. For example, arranging the 1s in a way that they are spaced out as much as possible. For instance, placing them at regular intervals. However, with the integral constraint, the spacing would depend on the number of 1s.

But this is getting too vague. Let's think about the previous code. It uses SLSQP with perturbations. Maybe the issue is that the perturbations are not sufficient to explore the search space effectively. Perhaps using a different perturbation strategy, such as adding noise in a way that encourages diversity in the solutions.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the current best solution, use a population-based approach where multiple solutions are evolved. However, with the time budget, this might be challenging. Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method, which doesn't require gradients. But I'm not sure if that would be better.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a sequential quadratic programming method. Maybe using a different method like Nelder-Mead could be better, but it's not clear.

Another thought: the problem's objective function is the maximum of several integrals. The maximum is a non-smooth function, which could make optimization difficult. Perhaps using a different approach to approximate the maximum. For example, instead of considering all possible shifts, focus on the shifts that are most likely to give the maximum value. However, how to determine which shifts to focus on?

Alternatively, using a surrogate model that approximates the maximum value based on some sampled shifts. But this would require additional computation.

Another angle: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the noise in a different way could help. For example, using larger noise initially and then decreasing it, as the previous code does. But maybe the noise scale could be adjusted differently.

Wait, in the previous code, the noise scale starts at 0.15 and decays by 0.96 each iteration. Maybe adjusting the decay rate or the initial noise could lead to better exploration. For example, starting with a larger noise and decaying more slowly.

Alternatively, using a different perturbation strategy, such as adding noise to certain regions of the function rather than all points. For example, perturbing the regions where the function is more likely to contribute to the maximum overlap.

But how to determine which regions to perturb? This seems like it would require additional analysis.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution has certain symmetry properties. For example, the function h could be symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], which is 1. This could reduce the number of possible shifts that need to be considered.

But again, how to incorporate this into the optimization?

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs for certain specific shifts, like k=0.5 or k=1.0, and focusing on minimizing those. For example, if we can ensure that the overlap for these shifts is low, it might help reduce the overall maximum.

But without knowing which shifts are critical, this is speculative.

Let me think about the previous code's performance. It achieved a C5 of 0.380970, which is close to the target of 0.380876. So, there's a small gap. Maybe by improving the optimization process, we can close this gap.

Perhaps the issue is that the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations and a fixed noise decay. Maybe varying the noise in a different way, or using a more adaptive strategy, could help. For example, using a larger initial noise and then decreasing it more slowly, allowing for more exploration early on.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the inner loop. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method instead of SLSQP, which might converge faster or find better solutions.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with equality constraints. Maybe using a different solver, like SLSQP with different options, or using a different method like COBYLA, could yield better results.

Another thought: the problem is highly non-convex, so the optimization might get stuck in local minima. To mitigate this, perhaps using a different initial guess, such as a more evenly distributed function, could help. For example, starting with a function that has a uniform distribution of 1s and 0s, but arranged in a way that minimizes overlap.

But how to generate such a function? Maybe using a random permutation of 0s and 1s with the correct number of 1s. However, this would be a binary function, which might not be optimal, but it's a starting point.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced out. For example, if the support of h is a set of intervals with certain lengths and spacing, then the overlap when shifted would be minimized.

But again, translating this into code is challenging.

Let me think about the code structure. The current code starts with the initial_h_values and then performs perturbations. Perhaps the initial guess is not optimal, and starting from a different initial guess could lead to better results. For example, generating a random binary function with the correct number of 1s and optimizing from there.

But how to generate such a function? For example, for n_points=100, we could randomly select 50 positions to be 1 and the rest 0, then optimize from there. However, this would require generating multiple initial guesses and optimizing each, which might be computationally expensive.

But given the time budget, perhaps trying a few different initial guesses could help. For example, generating a few random binary functions and optimizing each, then selecting the best result.

However, the previous code uses the initial_h_values, which might already be a good starting point. So perhaps the issue is not the initial guess but the optimization process.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or using a different strategy for generating perturbations could help. For example, instead of adding random noise, using a more structured perturbation, like swapping certain values or adjusting specific regions.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the inner loop. For example, using a gradient descent method with momentum, or using a different solver like IPOPT.

But I'm not sure about the specifics. Let me think about the code again.

The code defines an objective function that computes the maximum of the correlate. The correlate is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), then multiplied by dx. The maximum of this is the C5 value.

The optimization is done with SLSQP, which requires gradients. However, the objective function is the maximum of several values, which is non-differentiable. This could cause issues with the gradient-based method. Perhaps using a smoother approximation of the maximum could help, but that's not straightforward.

Alternatively, perhaps the code is not properly handling the non-differentiable points, leading to suboptimal solutions. However, the previous code might have already handled this by using a numerical approximation of the gradient.

Another thought: the problem's evaluation uses the full convolution, which for a shift k corresponds to the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. However, in the discretized version, the correlate might not capture all possible shifts. For example, the full convolution includes shifts that go beyond the original interval. But perhaps this is acceptable for the problem's purposes.

In summary, the previous approach uses SLSQP with perturbations, but it's not achieving the desired bound. To improve, perhaps:

1. Use a different initial guess, such as a binary function with evenly spaced 1s and 0s.
2. Use a different optimization method or adjust the parameters of the current method.
3. Explore the search space more thoroughly by varying the perturbation strategy.
4. Consider using a different approach, such as a genetic algorithm or Bayesian optimization.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different initial guess and adjust the perturbation strategy. For example, generating a binary initial guess with evenly spaced 1s and 0s, then optimizing from there.

Alternatively, using a more aggressive perturbation strategy early on to explore the search space more thoroughly.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the current best solution, generate multiple initial guesses and optimize each, then select the best result. This is a multi-start approach, which can help avoid local optima.

But with the time budget, generating multiple initial guesses might be computationally expensive. However, given that the previous code uses 600 perturbations, perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses could help.

Alternatively, using a combination of the initial guess and a few random binary guesses.

Let me outline a possible plan:

- Start with the initial_h_values as the initial guess.
- Generate a few random binary functions with the correct number of 1s.
- Optimize each of these initial guesses using SLSQP with perturbations.
- Select the best result from all optimizations.

This way, we're exploring different regions of the search space.

But how to implement this? The code would need to generate multiple initial guesses and run optimizations on them. However, with the time budget, this might be feasible.

Alternatively, modifying the existing code to use a different initial guess. For example, using a binary function generated by placing 1s at regular intervals.

For example, if n_points is 100, then placing 1s every other sample would give 50 1s. However, this would create a periodic function with high autocorrelation. But maybe adjusting the spacing could help.

But how to generate such a function? For example, placing the 1s at positions that are spaced as evenly as possible.

This sounds like a problem of distributing points evenly on an interval, which can be done using a greedy algorithm or by using a specific pattern.

However, implementing this might be time-consuming.

Another idea: since the integral is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So, perhaps using a function that is 0.5 everywhere, but this leads to high overlap. So, that's not helpful.

Alternatively, using a function that has a flat region and then drops to 0, but this might not help.

In conclusion, the previous approach may not be sufficient, and a different strategy is needed. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different initial guess, such as a binary function with evenly spaced 1s, and adjust the perturbation strategy to explore more effectively.

So, the plan is:

1. Generate a binary initial guess with evenly spaced 1s and 0s.
2. Use this as an initial guess for the optimization.
3. Adjust the perturbation strategy to include larger noise initially and more iterations.
4. Use SLSQP with tighter tolerances.

But how to implement this? Let's think about the code.

First, generating a binary initial guess. For example, for n_points=100, we can place 1s at positions that are spaced as evenly as possible. For example, placing 1s at positions i * (2 / (n_points / 2)) for i in 0 to (n_points / 2 - 1). But this would give a periodic pattern.

Alternatively, placing 1s at positions that are spaced by 2 / (number_of_ones), where number_of_ones is n_points / 2.

But this is getting into the specifics of generating such a function.

Alternatively, for the initial guess, generate a random binary function with 50 1s and 50 0s, then optimize from there.

But this would require generating multiple initial guesses and optimizing each. However, with the time budget, this might be feasible.

In the code, the initial_guess is set to initial_h_values. Perhaps replacing this with a random binary function could help.

So, modifying the code to generate a random binary initial guess:

initial_guess = np.random.choice([0, 1], size=n_points, p=[0.5, 0.5])
initial_guess = initial_guess.astype(float)
current_sum = np.sum(initial_guess)
scale = target_sum / current_sum
initial_guess = initial_guess * scale

But this would give a binary function with the correct sum. However, this might not be the best initial guess, but it's a starting point.

Alternatively, generating a binary function with 1s placed at regular intervals.

But implementing this requires some code.

Another idea: since the previous code uses the initial_h_values, perhaps the initial guess is already a good one, but the optimization isn't finding the optimal solution. So, perhaps adjusting the optimization parameters, like increasing the number of iterations or using a different solver.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients and might explore the search space more effectively.

However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method. Switching to Nelder-Mead might be an option.

But I'm not sure if that would help. Let me think: the objective function is the maximum of several integrals, which is non-smooth. Gradient-based methods might struggle with this, but SLSQP with a good initial guess might still work.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations and using a different noise strategy could help. For example, using larger noise initially and then decreasing it more slowly.

In the previous code, the noise_scale starts at 0.15 and decays by 0.96 each iteration. Maybe increasing the initial noise_scale to 0.2 and decreasing it more slowly, like 0.98, to allow for more exploration.

Alternatively, using a different decay rate, such as 0.99, to keep the noise larger for more iterations.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the current best solution, generate new initial guesses based on the current best solution. For example, creating variations by flipping some bits in the binary function.

But again, this requires specific code.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different initial guess and adjust the perturbation parameters. Let's proceed with that.

So, the modified code would:

- Use a different initial guess, such as a binary function with evenly spaced 1s.
- Increase the number of perturbations.
- Adjust the noise scale and decay rate.

But how to generate the binary initial guess? Let's think: for n_points=100, the target sum is 50. So, placing 1s at positions that are spaced every 2 / (number_of_ones) = 2 / 50 = 0.04 units. So, for example, placing 1s at positions 0.04, 0.08, ..., 1.96. But this would require converting these positions into indices.

But with n_points=100, the dx is 0.02. So, the positions would be at indices i where i * dx is in the spaced positions. This is getting complicated.

Alternatively, for simplicity, generate a binary initial guess by placing 1s at every other sample. For example, for even indices, set to 1, and odd indices to 0. This would give 50 1s and 50 0s. However, this would create a periodic function with high autocorrelation, which might not be optimal. But it's a starting point.

So, modifying the initial_guess to be a binary function with 1s at even indices:

initial_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
initial_guess[::2] = 1.0

But this would give a sum of 50, which matches the target_sum. However, this is a very structured initial guess, which might not be optimal.

Alternatively, generating a random binary function with 50 1s and 50 0s.

So, in code:

initial_guess = np.random.choice([0, 1], size=n_points, p=[0.5, 0.5])
initial_guess = initial_guess.astype(float)
current_sum = np.sum(initial_guess)
scale = target_sum / current_sum
initial_guess = initial_guess * scale

But this would give a binary function with sum 50. However, this might not be the best initial guess, but it's a starting point.

Incorporating this into the code, and then proceeding with the optimization.

Another adjustment: increasing the number of perturbations and adjusting the noise parameters. For example, increasing the number of perturbations to 1000 and using a larger initial noise_scale.

But with the time budget, this might be feasible.

Putting it all together, the modified code would:

- Use a different initial guess (binary random or structured).
- Use a larger initial noise_scale and slower decay.
- Increase the number of perturbations.
- Use SLSQP with tighter tolerances.

This should allow for more exploration of the search space and potentially find a better solution.

So, the final code would involve these changes. Let's proceed to write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 100  # Fixed n_points for consistency and speed
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    # Generate a structured initial guess with 1s spaced as evenly as possible
    initial_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
    for i in range(n_points // 2):
        pos = i * (2.0 / (n_points // 2))
        idx = int(pos / dx)
        initial_guess[idx] = 1.0
    initial_guess = np.clip(initial_guess, 0, 1)
    current_sum = np.sum(initial_guess)
    scale = target_sum / current_sum
    initial_guess = initial_guess * scale
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Adaptive perturbation strategy with varying noise and exploration phases
    num_perturbations = 800  # Increased for better exploration
    phase_shift = 0.25  # Larger initial noise magnitude
    phase_decay = 0.98  # Slower decay for more exploration
    
    for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
        # Adaptive noise magnitude based on phase
        noise_scale = phase_shift * (phase_decay ** perturbation_idx)
        
        # Generate perturbed guess with larger initial noise
        noise = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, n_points)
        perturbed = best_h + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Optimization with SLSQP
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 300}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```