<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous program used SLSQP with perturbations and adaptive noise, but it didn't reach the target. So I need to think of a different approach.

First, let's understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by k. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The challenge is to find a h that makes this maximum as small as possible.

The previous approach used a perturbation strategy with SLSQP, but maybe that's getting stuck in local optima. Let me think about other optimization strategies. Maybe a genetic algorithm could explore more diverse solutions? Or perhaps using a different optimization method like COBYLA or another variant of SLSQP with better convergence?

Wait, the previous code used SLSQP with equality constraints. The lessons mentioned that using SLSQP with equality constraints is helpful. So that part is already in place. But maybe the initial guess is too narrow. The initial_h_values are given, but maybe starting from a different initial guess could help. For example, using a more spread-out initial configuration.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem or a scheduling problem where we need to distribute the "mass" of h in such a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. Maybe there's a way to model this with a more structured approach, like using a periodic function or a piecewise constant function with certain symmetry.

Alternatively, maybe using a different parameterization. For example, instead of directly optimizing h, perhaps represent h as a set of intervals where it's 0 or 1, and then optimize the positions and lengths of these intervals. But that might complicate the optimization.

Another angle: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points) and perturbs around the initial guess. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a better approximation, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, the previous code used n=100, which is manageable.

Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe using a lower n_points could be better? But the initial guess is n=100. However, the previous code might not have explored enough. Maybe trying different n_points could help. But how?

Alternatively, perhaps the previous approach's perturbation strategy isn't effective enough. Maybe using a more systematic exploration, like a grid search over certain parameters, or using a Bayesian optimization approach to guide the search.

Another idea: the overlap integral can be thought of as the maximum correlation between h and 1 - h shifted by different k. So maybe we can model this as a convolution problem. The maximum value of the convolution of h and 1 - h, scaled by dx. So perhaps using a different optimization method that directly targets this convolution maximum.

Wait, the previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the convolution result. But maybe there's a way to approximate the maximum over k more efficiently. However, the code already does that.

Let me think about the constraints again. The sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. So the optimization problem is constrained. The previous code uses SLSQP with equality constraints, which is correct.

Maybe the issue is that the perturbation approach isn't sufficient. Perhaps using a more global optimization method, like a genetic algorithm, could find better solutions. But given the time budget, maybe that's too slow. Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach?

But the user mentioned that the previous code uses SLSQP. Maybe the problem is that the initial guess is not good enough. The initial_h_values might be a local minimum. So perhaps generating multiple initial guesses and running the optimization from each could help. For example, starting from different random initializations, but that might take more time.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess. For example, using a more uniform distribution, or a specific pattern that's known to be good for similar problems. But without prior knowledge, it's hard to say.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (600), but maybe varying the number of iterations or adjusting the parameters of the perturbation (like the noise scale) could help. For example, starting with larger noise to explore more, then decreasing the noise as the algorithm progresses. The previous code does that with phase_decay, but maybe adjusting the decay rate or the initial noise scale could lead to better results.

Wait, the previous code uses a phase_shift of 0.15 and phase_decay of 0.96. Maybe reducing the phase_shift or changing the decay rate could allow for more exploration. Or perhaps using a different strategy for the noise, like adding noise only to certain regions of the function.

Alternatively, maybe the problem is that the optimization is too local. Perhaps using a different optimization method that can handle the constraints better. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with tighter tolerances, or using a different solver like 'COBYLA' which doesn't require gradients. But the previous code already uses SLSQP.

Another angle: the objective function is the maximum of several integrals. To minimize this maximum, perhaps we can use a method that directly targets the maximum. For example, using a penalty method where the objective is the maximum value plus a penalty for violating the constraints. But the previous code already uses the maximum as the objective.

Wait, the previous code's objective function is the maximum of the correlations, which is correct. So the problem is in how the optimization is performed. Maybe the optimization is getting stuck in a local minimum. So perhaps using a different optimization strategy, like a multi-start approach with different initial guesses, could help.

But how to implement that within the time budget? The previous code uses a single initial guess and perturbs around it. Maybe generating multiple initial guesses and running the optimization from each, then selecting the best result. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, that might be feasible if each run is quick.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds, but that might not handle the equality constraint as well. Or using a different solver like 'SLSQP' with different options.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe instead of perturbing the same initial guess, we can use a more systematic approach. For example, dividing the search space into regions and exploring them. But without knowing the structure of the problem, it's hard to say.

Wait, the problem requires that the function h is a step function. The previous code uses a discretized version with n_points samples. Maybe the key is to find a better discretization. For example, using a higher n_points could allow for a more precise approximation, but the user prefers smaller n_points. However, the initial guess is n=100, which is manageable.

Alternatively, maybe the current approach isn't exploring enough different configurations. Perhaps using a different initial guess, like a random one, could lead to better results. The initial_h_values might be a local optimum. So, perhaps generating multiple initial guesses and running the optimization from each.

But how to do that within the time budget? Let's think. The previous code runs for 600 perturbations. If we instead run multiple independent optimizations from different initial guesses, maybe that could find a better solution. However, each optimization run takes time. For example, if each optimization takes 0.1 seconds, then 100 such runs would take 10 seconds. But the previous code's loop is already doing perturbations, which might be similar to multiple initial guesses.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess. For example, instead of starting from initial_h_values, start from a random guess. But the initial_h_values might be a good starting point. However, the user mentioned that the initial_h_values are provided, so maybe they are a good starting point, but perhaps not the best.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations could help, but the user's previous code already has 600. However, with the time budget, maybe it's better to focus on optimizing the parameters of the perturbation strategy.

Wait, the previous code's phase_shift is 0.15 and phase_decay is 0.96. Maybe adjusting these parameters could lead to better exploration. For example, a larger initial noise scale to explore more, then a slower decay to allow for finer adjustments. Or maybe a different decay rate.

Alternatively, maybe using a different strategy for the noise. For example, instead of adding uniform noise, using a different distribution, like Gaussian noise. But the previous code uses uniform noise, which might be better for bounded variables.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a binary optimization problem, where h is a step function. Maybe using a binary representation for h, but that would complicate the optimization. However, since h is allowed to take any value between 0 and 1, perhaps using a more structured approach like a Fourier series or other basis functions could help. But that might be too complex.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral is maximized over k, perhaps we can model this as a problem where we need to minimize the maximum over k of the integral. This is similar to a minimax problem. Maybe using a different optimization approach that directly targets this minimax structure.

But how? The previous code already uses the maximum as the objective. So perhaps the issue is with the optimization method. Maybe using a different solver, like IPOPT, which is more robust for constrained optimization. However, the user's code uses scipy's optimize, which might not have IPOPT available. The available solvers are listed, including SLSQP, COBYLA, etc.

Wait, the user's code uses SLSQP, which is a sequential quadratic programming method. Maybe using a different method, like 'Nelder-Mead', but that doesn't handle constraints well. Or 'SLSQP' with different settings.

Another angle: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (300) for each optimization. Maybe reducing the number of iterations and increasing the number of perturbations could help. Or vice versa. But with the time budget, it's a trade-off.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem is that the initial guess is not good enough. Maybe generating a better initial guess. For example, using a more informed initial guess based on known properties of the Erdős problem. For instance, the optimal h might have certain symmetries or patterns.

But without prior knowledge, it's hard to say. However, the user mentioned that the initial_h_values are provided, so perhaps they are a good starting point. But maybe they are not. So perhaps generating a different initial guess, like a random one, could help.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given as a starting point. The previous code uses that as the initial guess. Maybe the initial guess is not optimal, and starting from a different initial guess could lead to better results. For example, starting from a random guess with the same sum.

So, perhaps modifying the code to generate multiple initial guesses, each with a random perturbation, and then running the optimization from each. Then selecting the best result. This would increase the chances of finding a better solution.

But how to implement this within the time budget? Let's think. The previous code runs for 600 perturbations. If each perturbation is a small change to the initial guess, then maybe generating multiple initial guesses and running the optimization from each could be more effective. However, with the time budget, it's important to balance exploration and exploitation.

Another idea: using a hybrid approach. For example, first running a global optimization method to find a good initial guess, then refining it with local optimization. But again, without knowing the global optimization method, it's hard to implement.

Alternatively, using a different parameterization. For example, instead of representing h as a vector of values, represent it as a set of intervals where h is 0 or 1. Then, the problem becomes finding the optimal placement and lengths of these intervals. However, this might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, considering that the integral of h is 1, perhaps the function h is a probability density function. The overlap integral is similar to the probability that h(x) is 1 and 1 - h(x + k) is 1, which would be the probability that h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. So minimizing the maximum over k of this probability.

But how does that help? Maybe thinking in terms of avoiding overlaps. For example, ensuring that the regions where h is 1 are spaced apart enough so that shifting by k doesn't overlap with another region.

This suggests that the optimal h might have a certain spacing between the 1s. For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are spaced in a way that their shifts don't overlap too much. But how to translate this into a mathematical formulation?

Perhaps the optimal h is a periodic function with certain properties. For example, a function that is 1 on intervals of length L, spaced periodically. But with the integral constraint, the total length of the 1s would be 1 * 2 = 2 units (since the integral over [0,2] is 1, and the integral of h is 1, so the total area under h is 1. If h is 1 on intervals, then the total length of those intervals would be 1, since area is length * 1. So the total length of the intervals where h is 1 is 1. So if we have multiple intervals, their total length is 1.

But how to arrange them to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted. For example, if we have two intervals of length 0.5 each, spaced apart. Then shifting by k would cause overlaps depending on the spacing. But this is getting into the realm of specific constructions, which might not be generalizable.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal solution is a function that is 1 on a single interval of length 1, but then shifting by k would cause overlaps. However, this might not be optimal.

But given that the previous code's initial guess is a step function with 100 points, maybe the optimal solution is a more structured one. However, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to proceed.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed n_points of 100. Maybe trying a different n_points could lead to better results. For example, using a smaller n_points (like 50) might allow for faster computation and more exploration. Or a larger n_points (like 200) might allow for a more precise approximation. But the user prefers smaller sequences, so maybe 50 is better.

But how to decide? The previous code uses 100 points. If I change that, I need to adjust the initial guess accordingly. However, the initial_h_values are given, so perhaps they are for n=100. So changing n_points would require a different initial guess, which might not be available.

Hmm. This is getting complicated. Let me think about what the previous code did and what could be improved.

The previous code uses a perturbation strategy with SLSQP, but perhaps the key is to improve the exploration of the search space. Maybe using a different optimization method that can handle the constraints better, or using a more effective perturbation strategy.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the current best solution, maybe using a random restart strategy. For example, periodically restarting the optimization from a random initial guess. This could help escape local minima.

But how to implement this within the time budget? For example, if each restart takes a certain amount of time, and we can do a few restarts.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds, but handling the equality constraint. However, the equality constraint requires the sum of h to be fixed, which can be handled by adding a constraint.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with an equality constraint. Maybe using a different solver, like 'SLSQP' with tighter tolerances or more iterations. Or using a different method like 'COBYLA' which doesn't require gradients but can handle bounds.

But the user's code already uses SLSQP. Maybe adjusting the options, like increasing the maximum number of iterations or decreasing the tolerance.

Another thought: the previous code evaluates the objective function as the maximum of the correlations. But perhaps there's a way to approximate this maximum more efficiently, or to use a different formulation of the problem.

Alternatively, maybe using a different discretization. For example, instead of uniform spacing, using a non-uniform grid where more points are placed where the function changes rapidly. But this would complicate the code and might not be necessary.

Another angle: the problem is similar to a covering problem where we want to cover the interval [0,2] with regions where h is 1, such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. This is similar to scheduling or resource allocation problems.

But again, without a specific structure, it's hard to proceed.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different initial guess, increase the number of perturbations, or adjust the perturbation parameters to allow for more exploration.

For example, in the previous code, the initial guess is initial_h_values. Maybe generating a random initial guess with the same sum could lead to better results. So, modifying the code to start from a random guess instead of the initial_h_values.

Alternatively, combining the initial guess with random perturbations. For example, starting from the initial_h_values and then adding random noise to generate multiple initial guesses.

But how to implement this? Let's think about the code structure.

The previous code starts with initial_guess = initial_h_values. Maybe instead, generate a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint. For example, generate random values between 0 and 1, then scale them to have the correct sum.

But generating a random initial guess might be better than starting from the initial_h_values, which could be a local optimum.

So, modifying the code to generate a random initial guess. Let's see:

Instead of:

initial_guess = initial_h_values

We could generate a random guess with sum equal to target_sum. For example:

random_guess = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
random_guess = random_guess * (target_sum / np.sum(random_guess))

But this might not be efficient, but it's a way to start from a random point.

Alternatively, using a more structured random guess, like placing certain intervals.

But given the time, perhaps generating a random initial guess and then running the optimization from there could help.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations and adjusting the noise parameters could help. For example, using a larger initial noise scale and a slower decay.

Alternatively, using a different noise strategy, like adding noise only to certain regions of the function.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to say.

Another thought: the previous code uses the same initial guess for all perturbations. Maybe varying the initial guess for each perturbation could lead to better exploration. For example, starting from different random initial guesses for each perturbation.

But this would require generating multiple initial guesses and running the optimization from each, which might be time-consuming.

Given the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to:

1. Use a random initial guess instead of the initial_h_values.
2. Increase the number of perturbations to allow for more exploration.
3. Adjust the noise parameters to allow for larger initial exploration and finer adjustments.

Let me try to outline these changes.

First, generate a random initial guess. For example:

n_points = 100
target_sum = n_points / 2
random_guess = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
random_guess = random_guess * (target_sum / np.sum(random_guess))
initial_guess = random_guess

But this might not be the best approach, but it's a way to start from a random point.

Second, increase the number of perturbations. The previous code had 600, but maybe increasing it to 800 or 1000 could help.

Third, adjust the noise parameters. For example, starting with a larger noise scale and a slower decay. For instance, phase_shift = 0.2 and phase_decay = 0.95.

Additionally, perhaps using a different optimization method, like 'L-BFGS-B' with bounds, but handling the equality constraint. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is suitable for equality constraints.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (300) for each optimization. Maybe reducing the number of iterations and increasing the number of perturbations could help, as each optimization run is faster.

But this is getting into the weeds. Let me think about what the previous code did and what could be improved.

The previous code's main issue might be that it's getting stuck in local optima. To address this, perhaps using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses. For example, running the optimization from multiple random initial guesses and selecting the best result.

But how to implement this within the time budget? Let's say each optimization run takes about 0.1 seconds. Then, with 100 seconds, we could run 1000 optimizations. However, the previous code already runs 600 perturbations, which might be similar to 600 optimizations.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method that is more effective for this problem. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate solutions, evolving them over generations.

But implementing a genetic algorithm would require more code and might be time-consuming. However, given the time constraints, it might be worth trying.

But given that the user's previous code uses SLSQP, and the lessons mention that using SLSQP with equality constraints is helpful, perhaps sticking with SLSQP but improving the exploration.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed noise scale that decays over time. Maybe instead of a fixed decay, using a different strategy, like a random walk or a more adaptive noise scale based on the current solution's quality.

Alternatively, using a different perturbation strategy, such as adding noise only to regions where the function is changing rapidly.

But again, without knowing the structure of the optimal solution, it's hard to implement.

In conclusion, the main changes I would make to the previous code are:

1. Use a random initial guess instead of the initial_h_values to avoid local optima.
2. Increase the number of perturbations to allow for more exploration.
3. Adjust the noise parameters to allow for larger initial exploration and finer adjustments.
4. Perhaps use a different optimization method or adjust the solver options for better convergence.

Now, translating these ideas into code.

First, generate a random initial guess. Let's replace the initial_guess with a random one. However, the user's code has an initial_h_values, which might be a good starting point. But to explore more, perhaps starting from a random guess.

But the user's code uses initial_h_values as the initial guess. Maybe the initial_h_values are a good starting point, but to avoid getting stuck, we can generate multiple initial guesses.

Alternatively, combining the initial guess with random perturbations.

But given time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a random initial guess and adjust the perturbation parameters.

So, modifying the code as follows:

- Replace initial_guess = initial_h_values with a random guess.
- Increase the number of perturbations.
- Adjust phase_shift and phase_decay.

Let me write the code accordingly.

But wait, the user's code has the initial_h_values as a global variable. So if I want to start from a random guess, I need to generate it. However, the user's code might have a better initial guess. But to avoid getting stuck, perhaps starting from a random guess is better.

Alternatively, using both the initial_h_values and a random guess as initial points. But this would complicate the code.

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to generate a random initial guess and proceed.

Another thing: the previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the full convolution. However, the overlap integral is computed over all k, which corresponds to the full convolution. But perhaps there's a way to compute this more efficiently, but it's already handled.

In the end, the code needs to be modified to use a better initial guess and adjust the perturbation parameters. Let me proceed with that.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 100
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
    best_h = best_h * (target_sum / np.sum(best_h))
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Adaptive perturbation strategy with varying noise and exploration phases
    num_perturbations = 800  # Increased for better exploration
    phase_shift = 0.25  # Larger initial noise magnitude
    phase_decay = 0.95  # Slower decay for finer adjustments
    
    for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
        # Adaptive noise magnitude based on phase
        noise_scale = phase_shift * (phase_decay ** perturbation_idx)
        
        # Generate perturbed guess
        perturbed = best_h + np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, n_points)
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Optimization with SLSQP
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 300}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```