<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and we need to get lower than that, ideally around 0.380876. 

First, I need to understand the problem better. The task is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The constraints are that h is in [0,1], and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. 

The previous code uses a random initial guess and perturbations, then runs SLSQP optimization. But maybe that's not sufficient. The user mentioned that the initial_h_values has 95 samples. The previous attempt achieved a C₅ of 0.381531, which is higher than the target. So we need to find a better approach.

Looking at the lessons from earlier attempts: one was to normalize the sum of h during optimization. The previous code does that implicitly by scaling the initial guess. But maybe there's more to it. Also, the code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of restarts. Perhaps using different optimization methods or more sophisticated strategies could help.

Let me think about possible improvements. The current approach is gradient-based optimization, which might get stuck in local minima. Maybe using a different optimization strategy, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, could explore the solution space better. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, maybe a more efficient approach is needed.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model it as a minimax problem. The challenge is to find h such that all shifts k have their overlap integral below a certain threshold. Maybe we can use a more structured approach, like dividing the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 0 or 1, but since it's a step function, maybe there's a pattern that can be optimized.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given. Maybe starting from that and trying to refine it could be better. The previous code uses perturbations and random restarts. Maybe adding more structure to the search, like using a grid search over certain parameters or using a different parameterization of h.

Another thought: the overlap integral for different shifts k. The maximum over k is what we need to minimize. So perhaps we can model this as an optimization problem where we try to balance the overlaps for all possible k. However, since k can be any real number, but in the discretized case, we have to evaluate it for the discrete shifts.

Wait, the discretization is done by sampling h at n_points points, and then the cross-correlation is computed. The cross-correlation in the code is calculated with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. But in the problem statement, the integral is over the real line, but with the discretization, we approximate it by the samples.

So the current approach uses a numerical optimization with constraints. Maybe the problem is that the optimization is too local. Perhaps using a different method, like Bayesian optimization or a more global search strategy, could help. However, with the time constraints, maybe a better approach is to use a more efficient optimization method or adjust the parameters.

Looking at the previous code, the optimization uses SLSQP with 300 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a different solver could help. Alternatively, using a different initial guess might lead to better results. Also, the initial guess is based on random samples, but maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a penalty method where we try to minimize the maximum value of the cross-correlation. However, the current code already does this by taking the maximum of the cross-correlation and minimizing that.

Wait, the objective function is the maximum cross-correlation multiplied by dx. So the code is trying to minimize that maximum. However, the maximum could be achieved at different shifts, and the optimization might not be able to find the global minimum if it's too flat.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a single optimization run, perhaps use a multi-start approach with different initializations. The previous code does 50 restarts, but maybe more could help. However, with time constraints, maybe the number of restarts is already sufficient.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a different space. For example, since the integral of h is 1, maybe we can parameterize h in terms of its positions and widths, but that might complicate things.

Another observation: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 95). Maybe trying different n_points could lead to better results. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred, but maybe for better accuracy, a larger n_points is needed. However, the previous code uses 95 samples, which is already a decent number. But perhaps trying with more points could help, but the time budget might not allow that.

Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The initial_h_values has 95 samples, which is small. Maybe trying with more points could be better, but the code needs to run within 100 seconds. Let's think about the computational cost. For each optimization run, the time depends on the number of points. For 95 points, each optimization run is manageable. But if we increase n_points, say to 200, it might take longer. However, the user's previous code uses 95, so maybe sticking with that is better.

Another idea: the current code uses a perturbation method where it takes the best solution and perturbs it. Maybe using a different perturbation strategy, like adding noise in a certain way, could help escape local minima.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimizer like differential evolution could be better, but it's slower. However, with the time budget, maybe a hybrid approach is needed.

Wait, the user's previous code uses SLSQP with 50 restarts. Maybe the number of restarts is too low. Increasing it to 100 or more might help. But how much time would that take? Each restart is a separate optimization run. For example, with 50 restarts, each taking 300 iterations, it's manageable within 100 seconds.

Another possible improvement: the constraints. The current code enforces the sum constraint via an equality constraint. However, during optimization, the sum might drift slightly due to numerical errors. Maybe adding a constraint to normalize the sum after each step could help. But the current code does that by scaling the initial guess. However, during optimization, the constraints are enforced via the equality constraint. Maybe the problem is that the optimization might not maintain the sum exactly, leading to inaccuracies. But the code uses an equality constraint, so it should maintain the sum. However, numerical precision issues might cause small deviations. Maybe adding a penalty term in the objective function to encourage the sum to stay close to the required value could help, but that's already handled by the equality constraint.

Another thought: the cross-correlation is calculated as np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full'). However, the actual integral is over the real line, but with the discretization, the cross-correlation is approximated. Maybe the way the cross-correlation is calculated is causing some inaccuracies. For example, the mode 'full' returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts, but perhaps the actual integral for each shift k is approximated by the samples. However, the code seems to handle that correctly.

Wait, the integral is over x from 0 to 2, and for each shift k, the integral is over x where x + k is within [0, 2]. So the cross-correlation in the code is correctly capturing the overlapping regions. But perhaps the way the cross-correlation is computed is not exactly the same as the integral. For example, the cross-correlation in the code is a discrete approximation, and the dx factor is applied. So the code is correct in that aspect.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a single objective function that takes the maximum cross-correlation, maybe we can use a different approach, such as trying to minimize the maximum value by considering all possible shifts. However, the current approach already does that.

Hmm. Maybe the problem is that the previous code is not exploring enough different initial guesses. The initial guess is either random or a perturbation of the best solution. But maybe using a more diverse set of initial guesses could help. For example, generating initial guesses based on certain patterns that are known to be good for similar problems.

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values is not the best starting point. The user mentioned that we can start from the current construction, but also explore other starting points. So perhaps generating multiple initial guesses based on different patterns could help.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can model this as a game between two players: one trying to minimize the maximum overlap, and the other trying to maximize it. But that's more of a theoretical approach.

Alternatively, using a different parameterization of h. For example, instead of using a step function with arbitrary values, maybe using a piecewise constant function with certain properties. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 0 or 1, but with some overlap. However, the problem allows h to take any value between 0 and 1, not just 0 and 1. So maybe a better approach is to use a function that is 1 in some regions and 0 in others, but with transitions.

Wait, but the problem allows h to be any step function, so maybe the optimal solution has h taking values 0 and 1. However, the previous code uses a continuous approach. Maybe the optimal solution is a binary step function, but I'm not sure. However, the current code allows h to take any value between 0 and 1, which might be necessary for better performance.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 95). Maybe trying with more points could lead to a better approximation. For example, increasing n_points to 200 or 300. However, the time budget is tight. Let's think: for each optimization run, the time depends on the number of points. For 95 points, each optimization run is manageable. If we increase n_points to 200, each run might take longer. However, if the initial_h_values is already 95 points, maybe we can try with that and see.

Alternatively, maybe using a different discretization. For example, using a finer grid where h is more detailed. But again, time is a constraint.

Another possible improvement: using a different optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimizer like differential evolution (DE) could explore the solution space better. However, DE is slower, but with the time budget, maybe it's feasible. Let's think: for each restart, DE might take more iterations, but with fewer restarts, it could be manageable.

But how to implement that? The previous code uses minimize with SLSQP. Changing the method to 'DE' or 'L-BFGS-B' might help. However, the DE method is available in scipy.optimize.minimize. Let me check: scipy's minimize has a 'differential_evolution' method, but it's a separate function. Wait, no, the 'method' parameter for minimize includes 'L-BFGS-B', 'SLSQP', 'Nelder-Mead', etc., but not 'differential_evolution'. The differential evolution is a separate function in scipy.optimize.

So perhaps using differential evolution as the optimization method. However, the constraints for DE might be more complex. Alternatively, using a penalty method where the constraints are incorporated into the objective function.

Alternatively, using a different approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions (the cross-correlation for different shifts), perhaps we can use a multi-objective optimization approach, but that's more complex.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of restarts. Maybe increasing the number of restarts and using a more diverse set of initial guesses could help. For example, instead of perturbing the current best solution, generating initial guesses based on different patterns, like alternating 0s and 1s, or other structured patterns.

But how to generate such patterns? For example, a pattern where h is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere. However, the initial_h_values might already have such a pattern. 

Alternatively, maybe the optimal solution has h with certain symmetries. For example, h is symmetric around 1.0. But I'm not sure.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses a fixed dx (2.0 / n_points). Maybe varying the dx or using a different discretization could help. But that's probably not necessary.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. The number of restarts is 50, and each optimization run has 300 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of restarts could help, but with time constraints, maybe not. Alternatively, reducing the number of iterations per run and increasing the number of restarts.

Another thought: the current code uses a perturbation method where the initial guess is either random or a perturbation of the best solution. Maybe using a more sophisticated perturbation strategy, like adding noise in a way that explores different regions of the solution space.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess generation method. For example, generating initial guesses based on the current best solution but with different transformations, like flipping certain regions or applying a Gaussian blur.

But how to implement that? It might be complex.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a more targeted approach. For example, for each possible shift k, we can try to minimize the overlap integral. However, since there are infinitely many k, this is not feasible. But with the discretization, we can approximate it by evaluating for all possible shifts in the discretized grid.

Wait, the cross-correlation in the code already computes the overlap for all possible shifts. So the code is correct in that aspect.

Maybe the problem is that the current code doesn't consider the trade-offs between different shifts. For example, reducing the overlap for one shift might increase it for another. The optimization is trying to find a balance.

Another possible improvement: using a different optimization algorithm that can handle the constraints better. For example, using a constrained optimization method that handles the equality constraint more effectively.

Alternatively, using a different way to compute the objective function. For example, instead of taking the maximum of the cross-correlation, maybe using a different metric that encourages lower maximum values.

But the current objective function is correct.

Hmm. Maybe the main issue is that the previous code isn't exploring enough different regions of the solution space. So, to improve, we can try different initial guesses and optimization strategies.

Another idea: using a combination of global and local optimization. For example, first using a global optimizer to find a good initial guess, then using a local optimizer to refine it. However, with time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to search for the best h. However, implementing that would require more code and might be complex.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 95). Maybe trying with a different number of points could lead to better results. For example, trying with n_points = 100 or 200. However, the user's previous code uses 95, and the initial_h_values is given with that. Maybe trying with more points is better, but the time budget might not allow it. However, given that the user says smaller sequences are preferred, perhaps 95 is acceptable.

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values is not optimal, and starting from a different initial guess could lead to better results. For example, generating an initial guess based on a known good pattern for similar problems.

Wait, the Erdős problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap. In the case of C₅, it's about the fifth case. I'm not sure about the exact structure, but perhaps there are known constructions or patterns that could be used as initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a more structured approach to generate the initial guess. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and setting h to 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others. For example, if we divide [0,2] into m intervals, and set h to 1 in some of them, then the sum would be the number of intervals where h is 1 multiplied by the length of each interval. But since the integral of h is 1, the total area under h must be 1. So for example, if we have m intervals of length dx = 2/m, then the number of intervals where h is 1 is (m * dx) / dx = m * (2/m) * (number of intervals) = ... Wait, maybe this is getting too complicated.

Alternatively, using a binary step function where h is 1 in certain regions and 0 elsewhere. For example, if we have k regions where h is 1, then the total area is k * dx = 1, so k = n_points / 2. But since n_points is 95, k would be 47.5, which is not possible. So maybe using a binary step function with 47 or 48 intervals where h is 1. However, this might not be optimal, but it's a possible starting point.

But the previous code allows h to take any value between 0 and 1, so maybe a binary approach is not the best. However, perhaps starting from a binary initial guess and then allowing some variation could help.

Another idea: using a genetic algorithm approach. Each individual is a vector of h values, and the fitness function is the C₅ value. The genetic algorithm would evolve the population over generations, selecting for lower C₅ values. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time constraints might be challenging, but perhaps manageable.

However, the user's previous code uses a different approach, and the current task is to improve upon it. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method or improve the initial guesses.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. The number of restarts is 50, and each optimization run has 300 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of restarts to 100 would help, but with time constraints, perhaps not. Alternatively, reducing the number of iterations per run and increasing the number of restarts.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a local optimizer but might converge faster. Or using 'Nelder-Mead' for a different approach.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses a perturbation method where the initial guess is either random or a perturbation of the best solution. Maybe using a different perturbation strategy, such as adding noise to the current best solution in a way that explores different regions.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initial guess generation. For example, generating initial guesses based on the current best solution but with different transformations, like flipping certain regions or applying a Gaussian blur.

But how to implement that? It might be complex.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed dx. Maybe using a different discretization, such as varying the spacing between points, but that's probably not necessary.

Alternatively, using a different way to compute the cross-correlation. For example, instead of using np.correlate, compute it manually. But that's unlikely to make a difference.

Hmm. Maybe the main issue is that the previous code isn't exploring enough different initial guesses. To address this, perhaps using a combination of random initial guesses and structured initial guesses based on known patterns.

For example, generating initial guesses where h is 1 in certain intervals, then allowing some variation. Or using a pattern where h is 1 in a certain number of intervals and 0 elsewhere, then perturbing it.

But how to implement that? Let's think: for the initial guess, create a binary step function where h is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere. For example, divide [0,2] into m intervals, set h to 1 in k intervals, and 0 elsewhere. Then, scale it to meet the sum constraint.

For example, with n_points = 95, dx = 2/95 ≈ 0.02105. If we want the sum of h to be 1, then the total area is sum(h) * dx = 1. So sum(h) = 95/2 = 47.5. So if we have k intervals where h is 1, then the total area is k * dx * (length of each interval). Wait, no: if each interval has length dx, then the total area would be k * dx * 1 (since h is 1 in those intervals). Wait, no. The sum of h is the sum of the values at each sample point. If we have a binary step function where h is 1 in certain intervals, then each sample point in those intervals is 1, and others are 0. So the sum would be the number of 1s. To have sum(h) = 47.5, we need 47 or 48 points set to 1. But since the number of points is 95, which is odd, we can't have exactly 47.5. So maybe set 47 points to 1 and 48 to 0, or vice versa. However, this would give a sum of 47 or 48, which when multiplied by dx (≈0.02105) would give an area of 47*0.02105 ≈ 0.99 or 48*0.02105 ≈ 1.01, which is close to 1. So this could be a valid initial guess.

Creating such an initial guess might lead to a better starting point. So, for example, creating a binary step function with 47 or 48 ones, then perturbing it. This could be a better initial guess than the random one.

So, modifying the initial_h_values to be a binary step function might help. However, the user's initial_h_values is given, and we can start from there. But perhaps generating a binary initial guess could be better.

But how to implement this? Let's think. For the initial guess, we can create a binary vector where 47 points are 1 and 48 are 0, arranged in a certain way. For example, alternating 1 and 0, or grouping them together. However, the arrangement might affect the overlap integral.

Alternatively, arranging the 1s in a way that minimizes the overlap. For example, spreading them out as much as possible. However, this is just a hypothesis.

But given that the initial_h_values is provided, maybe it's better to start from that and perturb it. However, the previous code uses random initial guesses and perturbations. Maybe generating a binary initial guess could help.

But this requires modifying the initial guess generation. Let's think about how to implement this. For example, in the random_initial_guess function, instead of generating random values, generate a binary vector with 47 or 48 ones, then perturb it.

But this is just one possible approach. However, given the time constraints, perhaps this is a viable improvement.

Another idea: using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a local optimizer that might converge faster. Or using 'Nelder-Mead' for a different approach.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, first using a global optimizer to find a good initial guess, then using a local optimizer to refine it.

But with the time budget, it's challenging to implement all these ideas. Given that, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, increase the number of restarts, and use a more diverse set of initial guesses.

So, here's a plan:

1. Increase the number of restarts to explore more initial guesses.
2. Use a different optimization method, such as 'L-BFGS-B' or 'Nelder-Mead', which might converge faster or better.
3. Generate more diverse initial guesses, including binary patterns and random ones.
4. Add a constraint to normalize the sum of h after each iteration, to ensure it stays close to the required value.

But how to implement these changes?

Let's think about the code. The current code uses SLSQP. Changing to 'L-BFGS-B' might be possible. However, the 'L-BFGS-B' method requires bounds on the variables, which we already have. The constraints are handled via the equality constraint.

Another possible change: instead of using a fixed number of restarts, use a combination of random initial guesses and perturbations of the current best solution.

Also, increasing the number of restarts could help. For example, increasing from 50 to 100.

Additionally, adding a normalization step during optimization. For example, after each update to h, normalize it to ensure the sum is correct. However, the current code already enforces the sum via the equality constraint, so this might not be necessary. But perhaps during optimization, numerical errors could cause the sum to drift slightly, so adding a normalization step could help.

But how to implement that? Maybe in the objective function, after computing the cross-correlation, normalize the h values. However, that might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, during the optimization, after each iteration, scale h to ensure the sum is correct. However, this would require modifying the optimization process, which might not be easy with the current setup.

Another idea: the current code uses the 'SLSQP' method with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the maximum number of iterations per run could help. For example, setting 'maxiter' to 500 instead of 300.

Putting it all together, the modified code would:

- Use a combination of random initial guesses and perturbations of the current best solution.
- Increase the number of restarts.
- Use a different optimization method, such as 'L-BFGS-B' or 'Nelder-Mead'.
- Possibly add more constraints or normalization steps.

However, without knowing the exact impact, it's hard to say. But given the time constraints, the best approach is to modify the previous code to try these changes.

So, the final code would involve:

- Increasing the number of restarts.
- Using a different optimization method.
- Generating more diverse initial guesses.
- Possibly adding more constraints or normalization.

Now, let's translate this into code.

The previous code uses SLSQP. Let's try using 'L-BFGS-B' instead. Also, increase the number of restarts to 100. Also, generate initial guesses based on binary patterns.

But how to generate binary initial guesses? For example, create a binary vector with 47 ones and 48 zeros, then perturb it.

Alternatively, in the random_initial_guess function, generate a binary vector with a certain number of ones.

But since the user's initial_h_values is provided, maybe we can start from that and perturb it. However, the previous code already does that.

Another possible change: in the random_initial_guess function, generate a binary vector with 47 ones and 48 zeros, then scale it to meet the sum constraint. But since the sum is already 47.5, this would be the case.

Wait, for n_points = 95, sum(h) = 95/2 = 47.5. If we have a binary vector with 47 ones and 48 zeros, the sum is 47, which is less than 47.5. To make it exactly 47.5, we can have some of the ones be 1 and some be 0.5. But that complicates things. Alternatively, using a binary vector with 47 ones and 48 zeros, then scaling it by 47.5 / 47 ≈ 1.0106. This would give a sum of 47.5.

So, the initial guess could be a binary vector with 47 ones and 48 zeros, then scaled to have sum 47.5.

This could be a better initial guess than the random one. Let's implement this.

So, modifying the random_initial_guess function to generate such a binary vector.

But how to do that? For example, randomly select 47 positions to set to 1, others to 0, then scale.

So, in code:

def random_initial_guess():
    # Create a binary vector with 47 ones and 48 zeros
    ones = np.random.choice(n_points, size=47, replace=False)
    h = np.zeros(n_points)
    h[ones] = 1.0
    # Scale to have sum 47.5
    h = h * (47.5 / 47)
    return h

This would give a binary initial guess with sum 47.5. However, this might not be the best approach, but it's worth trying.

Another possible change: use a combination of random initial guesses and binary initial guesses.

In the previous code, the random_initial_guess is used every third restart. Maybe replace that with generating a binary initial guess.

But this requires modifying the code.

Putting it all together, the new code would:

- Use a combination of binary and random initial guesses.
- Increase the number of restarts.
- Use a different optimization method.
- Possibly increase the maxiter.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method and increase the number of restarts.

So, here's the plan for the code:

- Use 'L-BFGS-B' as the optimization method.
- Increase the number of restarts to 100.
- Use a combination of random and binary initial guesses.
- Increase the maxiter to 500.

Now, implementing this in code.

But the user's previous code uses 'SLSQP'. Let's try changing to 'L-BFGS-B'.

Also, the initial_h_values is provided, so perhaps starting from that and perturbing it could be better.

But given the time, the code will need to be modified accordingly.

Finally, the code will have to be written with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
from scipy.signal import correlate

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Assume initial_h_values is a global variable
    initial_h = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_h)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    # Define the objective function
    def objective(h):
        # Compute cross-correlation with 1 - h
        cross_corr = correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        # Find the maximum value in the cross-correlation
        max_corr = np.max(cross_corr)
        return max_corr * dx

    # Define constraints
    def constraint(h):
        return np.sum(h) - n_points / 2

    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    # Function to generate a random initial guess
    def random_initial_guess():
        # Create a binary vector with 47 ones and 48 zeros, then scale
        ones = np.random.choice(n_points, size=47, replace=False)
        h = np.zeros(n_points)
        h[ones] = 1.0
        # Scale to have sum 47.5
        h = h * (47.5 / 47)
        return h

    # Function to generate a perturbed initial guess
    def perturb(h, seed=None):
        np.random.seed(seed)
        perturbation = np.random.uniform(-0.15, 0.15, size=len(h))
        return np.clip(h + perturbation, 0.0, 1.0)

    # Run multiple optimizations
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_h.copy()

    # Number of restarts
    num_restarts = 100  # Increased for better exploration

    for i in range(num_restarts):
        # Generate a random initial guess or perturb the current best
        if i % 3 == 0:
            # Use binary initial guess
            h_initial = random_initial_guess()
        else:
            # Perturb the current best solution
            h_initial = perturb(best_h, seed=seed + i)
        
        # Perform optimization with adjusted parameters
        result = minimize(
            objective, 
            h_initial, 
            method='L-BFGS-B', 
            bounds=bounds, 
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint}, 
            options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
        else:
            # If optimization fails, try the perturbed guess
            current_c5 = objective(h_initial)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = h_initial

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```