<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous program used a random initial guess and SLSQP optimization with some perturbations. But maybe I can do better.

First, let me understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by k. The overlap integral is calculated as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The maximum over all k is C₅. So, I need to minimize this maximum value.

The previous approach used a fixed number of points (n_points) and tried multiple restarts with random initial guesses and perturbations. However, maybe there's a better way. Let me think about the lessons from earlier attempts.

One observed helpful lesson was normalizing the sum of h during optimization. The previous code already does that by scaling h to maintain the sum. But maybe there's more to it. Also, the previous code used SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Perhaps using a different optimization method or adjusting parameters could help.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a minimax optimization problem. Maybe using a different optimization strategy, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, could escape local minima better. However, given the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, I need an efficient approach.

Alternatively, maybe I can use a more structured approach. For example, considering that the optimal h might have certain symmetry or periodicity. Since the interval is [0,2], maybe dividing it into intervals where h is constant (step function) could help. The initial_h_values provided might already have some structure.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given as a starting point. The previous code starts from there, but maybe starting from other points could lead to better results. However, the user mentioned that the initial_h_values are available, so perhaps using that as a starting point is good, but maybe trying different initializations could help.

Another idea: the cross-correlation is calculated with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. But perhaps for the problem, the maximum occurs at specific shifts. For example, shifts that are multiples of some base value. Maybe focusing on those shifts could reduce the computational load.

But the previous code already computes the maximum over all shifts. So perhaps the key is to find a better optimization strategy. Let's think about the objective function. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation values. This is a convex optimization problem? Not sure. The cross-correlation is a non-convex function, so the problem is non-convex. Therefore, optimization methods like SLSQP might get stuck in local minima.

So, maybe using a different optimization approach, such as a global optimization method, but that might be too slow. Alternatively, using a more efficient local search with better initialization.

Another lesson from earlier attempts: using a larger number of restarts. The previous code had 50 restarts. Maybe increasing that further could help, but with the time budget, perhaps not. Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses.

Wait, the previous code uses random_initial_guess, which is a uniform distribution scaled to meet the sum constraint. Maybe using a different distribution, like a Gaussian with clipping, or some other structured initial guess, could lead to better results.

Also, the perturbation function adds a uniform random perturbation. Maybe using a different perturbation strategy, like adding noise in a way that maintains the sum, could help.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that minimizes the maximum overlap with its shifted versions. This is similar to a problem in signal processing where you want a signal that is as "spread out" as possible. Maybe using a Fourier analysis approach? For example, ensuring that the Fourier transform of h has certain properties to minimize the maximum overlap.

But integrating that into an optimization problem might be complex. Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral can be expressed in terms of the Fourier transform. Let me think: the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. If I denote h as a function, then this is equivalent to the convolution of h with (1 - h) shifted by k. Wait, maybe not directly. Alternatively, the cross-correlation between h and (1 - h) at shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So the maximum over k of this cross-correlation is C₅.

But how to minimize this maximum? Maybe using some properties of Fourier transforms. For example, the cross-correlation can be expressed as the inverse Fourier transform of the product of the Fourier transform of h and the conjugate of the Fourier transform of (1 - h). But I'm not sure how to use this for optimization.

Alternatively, perhaps considering that the optimal h should have certain symmetry. For example, if h is symmetric around 1, or has some periodic structure. But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to incorporate into the optimization.

Back to the optimization approach. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe using a different optimization method, like differential evolution, could be more effective. However, differential evolution might be slower. But given that the problem is non-convex, maybe it's worth trying.

Another idea: the problem has a constraint that the integral of h is 1. The previous code enforces this via a constraint. However, during optimization, maybe maintaining the sum is better done by normalizing after each step. The previous code does that by scaling h after each update. But perhaps during the optimization, the sum is maintained more precisely.

Wait, the previous code uses a constraint function that enforces the sum. But when using SLSQP, the constraints are handled via the solver. However, if the solver is not precise, the sum might not be exactly maintained. Maybe adding a penalty term to the objective function to encourage the sum to be maintained could help. But that's already handled by the equality constraint.

Alternatively, maybe using a different solver. The previous code uses SLSQP, but other solvers like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B might be better. However, the available solvers include CVXOPT, Gurobi, etc. But the user mentioned that the code can use scipy's optimization, so perhaps trying different methods.

Wait, the user mentioned that the code can use scipy, numpy, cvxpy with various solvers. The previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe using a different method, like 'Nelder-Mead' or 'SLSQP' with more iterations, could help. But the time budget is tight.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of several functions, perhaps using a multi-objective optimization approach. But that might complicate things.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum is over all k, perhaps the maximum occurs at specific values of k. For example, for the interval [0,2], the shifts k could be in the range [-2, 2]. But the cross-correlation for mode 'full' gives all possible shifts. However, for the problem, the maximum might be achieved at certain shifts. For example, shifts that are multiples of 1/2 or something. Maybe focusing on those shifts could reduce the number of evaluations.

But the previous code already computes the maximum over all shifts, so that's not helpful unless we can find a way to approximate it.

Another thought: the initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point. The previous code uses that, but maybe starting from a different initial guess could lead to a better solution. However, without knowing what the initial_h_values are, I can't say for sure. But the user says to start from the current construction, which is initial_h_values.

So, perhaps the previous code's approach is not sufficient. Let me think about possible improvements.

First, the previous code uses 50 restarts. Maybe increasing that number could help, but with the time budget, it's a trade-off. Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses.

Second, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (300) for each optimization. Maybe adjusting that number, or using a more adaptive approach, could help.

Third, the perturbation function adds a uniform random perturbation. Maybe using a different perturbation strategy, such as adding noise that maintains the sum, or using a gradient-based perturbation.

Fourth, the previous code uses SLSQP. Maybe using a different method, like 'COBYLA' which handles bounds and constraints, could be better. Or using a global optimization method like differential evolution, but that might be too slow.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum, perhaps using a penalty method where the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. However, the maximum is a non-smooth function, making it hard to optimize with gradient-based methods. So, perhaps using a method that can handle non-smooth objectives.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model or Bayesian optimization to find the minimum. But that might be complex to implement within the time constraints.

Alternatively, considering that the cross-correlation can be approximated for certain shifts, maybe focusing on the most critical shifts. For example, the shifts where the overlap is likely to be maximum. But without knowing which shifts those are, it's hard to implement.

Another approach: the problem is similar to the problem of finding a function that minimizes the maximum inner product with its shifted versions. This is related to the concept of "mutual coherence" in compressed sensing. Maybe there are known techniques or constructions for such problems.

But I'm not familiar with specific constructions for this exact problem. So, perhaps sticking to optimization approaches.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. It uses 50 restarts, each with 300 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of restarts could help, but with the time budget, perhaps not. Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method.

Wait, the previous code uses a perturbation function that adds a uniform random perturbation. Maybe instead of adding a uniform perturbation, using a Gaussian perturbation with a smaller standard deviation could lead to better exploration.

Alternatively, using a more structured initial guess. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and setting h to 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, ensuring the integral is 1. But this is similar to the initial_h_values provided.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is a step function with a certain number of steps. The initial_h_values might already be a step function with many steps. Maybe trying to refine that by adjusting the positions and heights of the steps.

But how to model that in the optimization? The current approach treats h as a continuous variable, but since it's a step function, maybe the optimal solution has h taking only a few values (like 0 or 1). However, the problem allows h to take any values between 0 and 1, so maybe a more optimal solution is a piecewise constant function with more steps.

But the previous code uses a discretization with n_points samples. So, the initial_h_values could be a step function with certain steps. Maybe the initial_h_values are already a good starting point, and the optimization can refine it.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed n_points. Maybe trying different n_points could lead to better results. For example, using a smaller n_points (like 100) could allow faster optimization, but the current record uses n=95. However, the user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, so maybe using a smaller n_points could help.

But the initial_h_values have n_points=95. The previous code uses that. So maybe trying with a different n_points is not feasible unless the code can handle varying n_points. However, the problem says to represent h as n_points samples, so the code must choose n_points. The user's previous program uses the initial_h_values' length as n_points.

But the user's goal is to find a better bound, so perhaps trying different n_points could help. However, given the time budget, it's better to stick with the initial n_points.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of restarts and a fixed number of iterations. Maybe using a more adaptive approach, like increasing the number of iterations if the objective function isn't improving, or using a line search.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization library. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with tighter tolerances or using a different solver like 'Nelder-Mead'.

But the previous code already uses SLSQP. Maybe adjusting the options, like increasing the maximum number of iterations or tightening the tolerances.

Another observation: the cross-correlation calculation can be optimized. For example, precomputing the 1 - h array and then computing the cross-correlation efficiently. However, the previous code already does that.

Wait, the previous code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. But the maximum of these values is the C₅. However, the cross-correlation for shifts beyond the length of the array might not be necessary. For example, for the interval [0,2], the maximum shift that makes sense is 2. So maybe the cross-correlation for shifts up to 2 could be considered, but the current code computes all shifts.

But perhaps the maximum occurs at certain shifts. For example, shifts that are multiples of 1/2. Maybe focusing on those shifts could reduce the number of evaluations. However, without knowing which shifts are critical, it's hard to implement.

Another idea: the problem is similar to the problem of finding a function that minimizes the maximum overlap with its shifted versions. This is related to the concept of "spread" or "width" of the function. A function that is spread out over the interval would have lower overlap with its shifted versions.

So, perhaps designing h to be as spread out as possible. For example, making h have a flat profile, but ensuring the integral is 1. However, a flat profile would have h(x) = 0.5 for all x, which would give an overlap integral of 0.5*(1 - 0.5) * 2 = 0.5, which is worse than the current record. So that's not helpful.

Alternatively, making h have a more irregular shape. For example, having regions where h is 1 and regions where it's 0, but arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. This is similar to the initial_h_values, which might be a step function with certain intervals.

So, perhaps the initial_h_values are already a good starting point, and the optimization can refine it. The previous code uses that as the initial guess. However, maybe using a different initial guess, like a more spread-out step function, could lead to better results.

But without knowing the structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the user says to start from the current construction, which is initial_h_values.

So, perhaps the previous code's approach is already good, but there are some tweaks that can be made. For example, increasing the number of restarts, adjusting the perturbation, or using a different optimization method.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (300) for each optimization. Maybe reducing the number of iterations and increasing the number of restarts could lead to better results, as more diverse initial guesses might find better minima.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first doing a global search with a few restarts, then refining with local optimization.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses a perturbation that adds a uniform random value between -0.15 and 0.15. Maybe using a smaller perturbation range could help avoid large jumps that might take the solution away from the optimal region.

Alternatively, using a perturbation that maintains the sum constraint. For example, when perturbing, ensuring that the sum remains the same. The previous code does this by clipping the perturbed values, but maybe a better way is to adjust the perturbation so that the sum remains the same.

Wait, the previous code adds a perturbation and then clips the values to [0,1], but this might not maintain the sum. For example, if the perturbation causes some values to go out of bounds, clipping could change the sum. However, the code then uses the clipped values, which might not satisfy the sum constraint. Wait, no: the initial code uses the initial guess generated by random_initial_guess, which scales the random values to meet the sum constraint. However, during perturbation, the code adds a perturbation and clips, but this might not maintain the sum. This could be a problem.

Ah, this is a potential issue. When perturbing, the code adds a random perturbation and clips the values, but this could lead to the sum no longer being exactly n_points / 2. This could cause the constraint to be violated, leading to suboptimal solutions. To fix this, perhaps after perturbing, the code should normalize the values to maintain the sum. However, the previous code does not do that. This could be a flaw.

So, modifying the perturb function to normalize the sum after perturbation would help. For example, after adding the perturbation and clipping, the code could scale the array to ensure the sum is correct. This would maintain the constraint and prevent the solver from having to handle it.

This could be an important improvement. Let me think: during the perturbation step, the code adds a random perturbation and clips, but this might change the sum. To fix this, after clipping, the code should scale the array so that the sum is n_points / 2. This would ensure that the constraint is maintained, leading to better optimization.

So, modifying the perturb function to do this would help. Let me adjust that.

Another idea: the previous code uses the 'SLSQP' method with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe using a different method, like 'COBYLA', which handles bounds and constraints more effectively, could lead to better results. Or using 'L-BFGS-B' with bounds.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, using a global optimization method to find a good initial guess, then using a local method to refine it.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the main improvements are:

1. Fixing the perturbation step to maintain the sum constraint.
2. Adjusting the optimization parameters, like increasing the number of restarts or iterations.
3. Using a different optimization method.

Let me outline the steps for the new code:

- Start with the initial_h_values.
- For each restart:
   - Generate an initial guess by either perturbing the current best or using a random guess.
   - Ensure that the initial guess maintains the sum constraint.
   - Perform optimization using a more effective method, possibly with adjusted parameters.
   - Track the best solution found.

Additionally, fixing the perturbation to maintain the sum constraint.

So, modifying the perturb function to normalize after perturbation.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of restarts (50). Maybe increasing that to 100 could help, but with the time budget, it's a trade-off. However, given that the previous code had 50 and the user wants to improve, maybe increasing to 100 is worth trying.

Also, the previous code uses a perturbation range of ±0.15. Maybe reducing that to ±0.1 could lead to more stable perturbations.

Another idea: using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with tighter tolerances and more iterations.

Putting this all together, the revised code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- For each restart:
   - Generate a random initial guess or perturb the current best.
   - Ensure the initial guess has the correct sum.
   - Use SLSQP with more iterations and tighter tolerances.
   - Track the best solution.

Additionally, fixing the perturbation to maintain the sum.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

The previous code's perturb function adds a uniform perturbation and clips, but doesn't normalize. So, modifying that:

def perturb(h, seed=None):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    perturbation = np.random.uniform(-0.1, 0.1, size=len(h))
    h_perturbed = np.clip(h + perturbation, 0.0, 1.0)
    # Normalize to maintain the sum
    h_perturbed = h_perturbed * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h_perturbed)
    return h_perturbed

This ensures that after perturbation and clipping, the sum is maintained.

Also, in the random_initial_guess function, the code scales the random values to meet the sum constraint. That's already correct.

Another change: increasing the number of restarts to 100, and increasing the maximum iterations for each optimization to 500, with tighter tolerances.

Additionally, using the 'SLSQP' method with 'ftol' and 'eps' set to 1e-9, as before.

Another possible improvement: using a different initial guess generation. For example, generating a random initial guess with a different distribution, like a Gaussian, but clipped and normalized.

But the previous code uses a uniform distribution, which is simple and effective.

Another thing: the previous code uses the 'full' mode for cross-correlation, which returns a longer array. However, for the interval [0,2], the maximum shift that makes sense is 2. So, the cross-correlation for shifts beyond that may not be relevant. However, the current code computes all shifts, which could be computationally expensive. But with n_points=95, the cross-correlation would have length 2*95 - 1 = 189, which is manageable.

So, the main changes are:

1. Fix the perturbation to maintain the sum.
2. Increase the number of restarts.
3. Adjust the perturbation range.
4. Possibly adjust optimization parameters.

Implementing these changes in the code.

Now, considering the time budget. The previous code ran for 100 seconds. The new code with more restarts and better perturbation may take longer, but with the time budget, it's manageable.

Another possible optimization: using a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. For example, precomputing 1 - h once and then using it in the objective function.

But the previous code already does that.

So, putting it all together, the new code would have:

- A perturb function that maintains the sum.
- More restarts.
- Possibly adjusted optimization parameters.

Now, writing the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
from scipy.signal import correlate

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Assume initial_h_values is a global variable
    initial_h = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_h)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    # Define the objective function
    def objective(h):
        # Compute cross-correlation with 1 - h
        cross_corr = correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        # Find the maximum value in the cross-correlation
        max_corr = np.max(cross_corr)
        return max_corr * dx

    # Define constraints
    def constraint(h):
        return np.sum(h) - n_points / 2

    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    # Function to generate a random initial guess
    def random_initial_guess():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        # Normalize to meet the sum constraint
        h = h * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h)
        return h

    # Function to perturb the initial guess while maintaining the sum
    def perturb(h, seed=None):
        np.random.seed(seed)
        perturbation = np.random.uniform(-0.1, 0.1, size=len(h))
        h_perturbed = np.clip(h + perturbation, 0.0, 1.0)
        # Normalize to maintain the sum
        h_perturbed = h_perturbed * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h_perturbed)
        return h_perturbed

    # Run multiple optimizations
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_h.copy()

    # Number of restarts
    num_restarts = 100  # Increased for better exploration

    for i in range(num_restarts):
        # Generate a random initial guess or perturb the current best
        if i % 3 == 0:
            # Use random initial guess
            h_initial = random_initial_guess()
        else:
            # Perturb the current best solution
            h_initial = perturb(best_h, seed=seed + i)
        
        # Perform optimization with adjusted parameters
        result = minimize(
            objective, 
            h_initial, 
            method='SLSQP', 
            bounds=bounds, 
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint}, 
            options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
        else:
            # If optimization fails, try the perturbed guess
            current_c5 = objective(h_initial)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = h_initial

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```