<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38092, and we need to get it down to 0.380876 or lower. The previous approach used a gradient-based optimization with SLSQP, starting from an initial guess and perturbing it. But maybe that's not the most effective way. Let me think about possible improvements.

First, the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral, which is essentially a max-min optimization problem. The previous code used a single objective function that's the maximum of the cross-correlation, which is correct. However, gradient-based methods might get stuck in local minima, especially if the initial guess isn't good enough. Also, the previous approach used a fixed number of initial guesses (5) with small perturbations. Maybe there's a better way to explore the search space.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a more global optimization strategy. Maybe a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing could help escape local minima. But given the time constraints (100 seconds), those might be too slow. Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method, like a particle swarm optimization (PSO) or a Bayesian optimization approach, could be more effective. However, integrating those into the code might be complex.

Wait, the previous code uses scipy's SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe we can try a different approach, such as using a more robust optimization method or adjusting the hyperparameters. For example, increasing the number of initial guesses or using different perturbation strategies. Also, the initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which might be a good starting point, but maybe there are better initial configurations.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that minimizes the maximum overlap when shifted. This is akin to a covering problem or a packing problem. Perhaps there's a way to model this with a more structured approach, like using a periodic function or a piecewise constant function with specific patterns.

Let me think about the constraints. The function h(x) must integrate to 1 over [0,2], and each value is between 0 and 1. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). The maximum of these over all k is what we need to minimize.

The previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points) and discretizes the function. The initial_h_values is given with n=70 samples. Maybe using a higher n_points could lead to better results, but the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. However, the current code uses n=70. Let me check the previous code's parameters. The initial_h_values is a global variable, and the code uses that. So maybe the initial guess is already a good starting point, but perhaps there's a way to improve it.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be approached by considering the dual problem. Since we need to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a Lagrangian relaxation approach, where we balance the different overlaps. However, this might be complex to implement.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is maximized over k, maybe we can model this as a min-max problem and use a more sophisticated optimization method. For example, using a convex relaxation or a surrogate function. However, the problem is non-convex, so convex relaxation might not be straightforward.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could help. But given the time budget, it's a trade-off. Also, the previous code checks for time and breaks early, which is good.

Another approach: instead of starting from the initial guess, perhaps generate multiple different initial configurations. For example, using different patterns like alternating high and low values, or clustering the 1s in certain regions. Maybe the initial_h_values is a specific pattern, but other patterns could be better.

Alternatively, maybe using a more structured approach. For example, suppose we divide the interval [0,2] into segments where h(x) is either 0 or 1. Then, the problem becomes selecting which segments to set to 1 such that the total integral is 1, and the maximum overlap is minimized. However, this is a combinatorial problem and might not be feasible for large n_points. But for smaller n_points, maybe it's possible. However, the problem allows for any step function, not just binary ones, so this is a simplification.

Wait, but the previous code uses a continuous step function. Maybe there's a way to find a better configuration by considering the optimal placement of the function's values. For example, distributing the 1s in such a way that their shifts don't overlap too much. This is similar to the problem of scheduling or placing intervals to minimize overlaps.

Another thought: since the overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)), which can be thought of as the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. So, for each shift k, we want to minimize this area. The maximum over all k is what we need to minimize.

This is similar to a covering problem where we want to cover the shifts in a way that the overlap is minimized. Perhaps using a more strategic placement of the function's values. For example, arranging the 1s in the function such that they are spread out in the interval, so that when shifted, they don't overlap much with the original.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? Maybe using a greedy approach: place the 1s in positions that minimize the maximum overlap. However, this is a heuristic and might not find the global minimum.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal function might have a certain symmetry or structure. For example, maybe the function is periodic or has a certain pattern that repeats. However, the interval is [0,2], so periodicity might not be directly applicable.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a dual approach where we try to find a function h that satisfies certain conditions for all k. For example, for each k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) is bounded by some value. But this seems too abstract.

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of Fourier analysis. The overlap integral can be expressed as the convolution of h and (1 - h), and the maximum over all shifts. However, I'm not sure how to leverage this for optimization.

Let me think about the previous code again. It uses a fixed number of initial guesses and perturbs them. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or using different perturbation strategies (like larger perturbations or different distributions) could help. Also, maybe using a different optimization method, such as a genetic algorithm, could explore the search space more effectively.

But given the time constraints, using a genetic algorithm might be too slow. Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient local optimizer. For example, using the Nelder-Mead method instead of SLSQP. However, Nelder-Mead is derivative-free and might be slower.

Another possibility: the previous code uses a fixed n_points (70), but maybe trying with a different n_points could yield better results. For example, using a smaller n_points (like 50 or 60) might allow for faster optimization, but the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. However, the initial_h_values has n=70, so perhaps the code should stick with that.

Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So using n_points=70 is acceptable. But maybe trying with different n_points could help. However, the initial_h_values is given for n=70, so perhaps it's better to stick with that.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (5) with small perturbations. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different perturbation strategies, such as using larger perturbations or different distributions (like uniform vs. normal). Also, maybe using a random restart approach where multiple initial guesses are generated and optimized independently.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to find the best h_values by exploring the parameter space more efficiently. However, implementing Bayesian optimization might be complex and time-consuming.

Another angle: the problem is similar to a binary optimization problem where we want to set h(x) to 0 or 1 in a way that minimizes the maximum overlap. However, since the problem allows for continuous values between 0 and 1, maybe there's a way to find a better solution by allowing some intermediate values.

But how to model this? Maybe using a more sophisticated optimization method that can handle the non-convexity of the problem.

Wait, perhaps using a different objective function. The current code minimizes the maximum cross-correlation. However, maybe we can use a different approach, such as minimizing the sum of the cross-correlations, but that might not directly lead to the desired result. Alternatively, using a penalty method where we try to minimize the maximum by adding a penalty term.

Alternatively, since the maximum is the worst-case scenario, maybe we can use a method that directly targets the worst-case k. For example, for each k, we can try to minimize the overlap, but this is a multi-objective problem.

Another thought: the overlap integral for a given k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). This can be rewritten as the integral of h(x) - h(x)h(x + k). Since the integral of h(x) is 1, the first term is 1, and the second term is the integral of h(x)h(x + k). So, the overlap integral is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over all k. This might be a different way to think about the problem, but I'm not sure if it helps directly.

Alternatively, perhaps using a dual formulation where we try to maximize the minimum of the cross-correlation. But again, this is not straightforward.

Let me think about the previous code's performance. The current best is 0.381920, and the target is 0.380876. The previous approach might not have found the optimal solution because it's stuck in a local minimum. So, to improve, perhaps using a different optimization strategy that can explore more of the search space.

Another idea: instead of using a single optimization method, try multiple methods. For example, using a combination of SLSQP and a genetic algorithm. However, this would require more code and might not fit within the time budget.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could help. However, the time budget is tight.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a branch-and-bound approach, but this is computationally intensive and might not be feasible within 100 seconds.

Alternatively, think about the problem as a game between two players: one trying to minimize the maximum overlap, and the other trying to maximize it. This is a zero-sum game, and perhaps we can use game theory concepts. However, I'm not sure how to apply this here.

Let me think about the structure of the function h. Since the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], the average value of h is 0.5. So, the function is like a probability density function. The overlap integral for a shift k is the probability that h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. To minimize the maximum of these probabilities, we need to arrange the function so that when it's shifted, the overlap is as small as possible.

This is similar to designing a probability distribution that is as "spread out" as possible. For example, if h(x) is a uniform distribution, then shifting it would result in overlaps. But since the integral is 1, the uniform distribution would have h(x) = 0.5 everywhere. In that case, the overlap integral would be 0.5 * 0.5 * 2 = 0.5, which is worse than the current best. So, the optimal function must have regions where it's 1 and regions where it's 0, arranged in a way that when shifted, these regions don't overlap much.

So, perhaps the optimal function has a certain periodic structure. For example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into segments and set h(x) to 1 in certain segments and 0 in others. However, since the integral is 1, the total length of the segments where h(x) is 1 must be 1. For example, if we have two segments of length 0.5 each, placed in such a way that shifting them by certain amounts doesn't overlap.

But this is a simplified view. The actual function can have varying values between 0 and 1. Maybe the optimal function is a combination of such segments with varying heights.

Another idea: since the problem involves shifts over the entire interval, maybe the optimal function has a certain symmetry. For example, if the function is symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], which is 1. This could help in balancing the overlaps when shifted.

Alternatively, the function could be designed to have certain properties for specific shifts. For example, ensuring that for the most critical shifts (those that give the highest overlap), the function is arranged to minimize that overlap.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem?

Perhaps the key is to find a function h that is "spread out" in such a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. This might involve placing the 1s in the function in a way that their shifted versions don't overlap much with the original.

Given that the previous code uses a gradient-based method, maybe the issue is that it's getting stuck in a local minimum. To address this, perhaps using a different initial guess or a different optimization strategy.

Let me think about generating different initial guesses. The previous code uses small perturbations around the initial_h_values. Maybe instead, generating initial guesses with different patterns. For example, using a binary pattern where h(x) is 1 in certain intervals, or using a random pattern where h(x) is randomly set to 0 or 1, ensuring the integral is 1.

But how to generate such patterns? For example, for a given n_points, we could randomly select positions to set to 1, ensuring that the total length is 1. However, this would be a binary function. But since the problem allows for continuous values, maybe a binary function could be a good starting point.

Alternatively, using a more structured initial guess, such as a function that has a certain periodicity or symmetry. For example, a function that is 1 in the first half of the interval and 0 in the second half, but adjusted to have the correct integral. However, this might not be optimal.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can use a heuristic that tries to balance the overlaps for different shifts. For example, during the optimization, we could prioritize reducing the maximum overlap by adjusting the function's values in regions that contribute most to the maximum overlap.

But this requires knowing which shifts are contributing the most, which might be computationally intensive.

Alternatively, using a more global optimization method like simulated annealing. Simulated annealing can escape local minima by allowing uphill moves with a certain probability. However, implementing this in Python with the given time constraints might be challenging.

But given that the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, maybe adding a simulated annealing step could help. However, integrating this into the code would require more complex logic.

Alternatively, using a different optimization library. For example, using the COBYLA method instead of SLSQP. COBYLA is a derivative-free method that might handle the constraints better, especially with bounds.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which requires gradients. If the objective function is differentiable, then SLSQP is appropriate. However, if the objective function is non-smooth, COBYLA might be better. But in this case, the objective function is the maximum of cross-correlation values, which is smooth except at points where the maximum is achieved by multiple k's. However, in practice, the maximum is likely to be smooth enough for SLSQP to work.

Another possibility: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses and using different perturbation strategies could lead to better results. For example, using larger perturbations for some guesses and smaller for others, or using different distributions for the perturbations.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated method for generating initial guesses. For example, generating initial guesses based on known optimal configurations or using a heuristic to create better initial guesses.

But without knowing the optimal configuration, this is challenging. However, the initial_h_values provided might already be a good starting point, so perhaps the code should focus on improving the optimization process.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (5000) for each optimization run. Maybe reducing the number of iterations but increasing the number of initial guesses could help. For example, running more initial guesses with fewer iterations each, to explore more of the search space.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method, which is a bounded optimization method that might converge faster.

But how to implement this? Let me think about the previous code's structure. The objective function is the maximum cross-correlation, which is computed using numpy.correlate. The constraints are the sum of h_vec must be n_points / 2.

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is computed over all shifts, maybe the maximum occurs for certain specific shifts. For example, shifts that are multiples of the interval length. So, perhaps focusing the optimization on those shifts could help. However, this is speculative.

Alternatively, the problem could be rephrased as minimizing the maximum of the cross-correlation values, which is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of the integrals. So, the previous approach is correct.

Another possible improvement: using a more accurate evaluation of the cross-correlation. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. However, the integral is computed by multiplying by dx. This is correct.

But maybe there's a way to optimize the computation of the cross-correlation. For example, precomputing the necessary values or using a more efficient method. However, this is likely not the main bottleneck.

Let me think about the previous code's performance. It runs for 100 seconds, and the initial guesses are generated by perturbing the initial_h_values. The code then runs SLSQP for each initial guess, and keeps the best result. The problem is that if the initial guess is not good, the optimization might not find a better solution.

To improve this, perhaps using a different initial guess generation strategy. For example, instead of perturbing the initial_h_values, generating random initial guesses that satisfy the constraints. This could help explore different regions of the search space.

For instance, generating random h_vectors where each h[i] is either 0 or 1, and then adjusting them to meet the integral constraint. However, this would be a binary function, which might not be optimal. But it could serve as a good initial guess.

Alternatively, generating initial guesses with varying patterns, such as alternating high and low values, or clustering the 1s in certain regions. For example, placing the 1s in non-overlapping regions when shifted.

But how to implement this? For example, creating a function that has 1s in two separate intervals, each of length 0.5, placed such that their shifts don't overlap much. This would be a binary function, but it could be a good starting point.

Another idea: since the problem involves shifts over the entire interval, perhaps the optimal function has a certain periodicity. For example, if the function is periodic with period 1, then shifting by 1 would result in the same function. However, this might not help in minimizing the overlap.

Alternatively, the function could be designed such that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized. This is the ideal case, but it's not clear how to achieve this.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (5). Maybe increasing this number to 10 or more could lead to better results, as more initial guesses would explore more of the search space. However, this would require more computation time, so it's a trade-off.

Additionally, the previous code uses a fixed perturbation of 0.05. Maybe varying the perturbation size for different initial guesses could help. For example, some guesses could have larger perturbations to explore the space more broadly, while others have smaller perturbations to fine-tune.

Another idea: instead of using a single optimization method, try using a combination of methods. For example, first using a genetic algorithm to find a good initial guess, then using SLSQP to refine it. However, implementing a genetic algorithm might be time-consuming and complex.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to generate more initial guesses with different perturbation strategies, and use a more efficient optimization method.

Let me outline the steps for the improved code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point, but also generate additional initial guesses with different patterns.
2. Use a different optimization method, such as COBYLA, which is a derivative-free method and might handle the constraints better.
3. Increase the number of initial guesses to explore more of the search space.
4. Adjust the perturbation strategy to include larger variations for some guesses.
5. Use a more efficient way to compute the objective function, ensuring that it's accurate and fast.
6. Monitor the time and stop early if the budget is reached.

Now, let's think about implementing these changes.

First, generating additional initial guesses. For example, besides perturbing the initial_h_values, we can generate random initial guesses that satisfy the sum constraint. This could be done by randomly selecting positions to set to 1, then adjusting to meet the integral constraint. However, since the function is allowed to have values between 0 and 1, this could be a way to generate diverse initial guesses.

Alternatively, for each initial guess, we can randomly set some values to 0 or 1 and others to intermediate values, ensuring the sum is correct. This would create a variety of initial configurations.

Another approach: use a binary initial guess where h is 1 in certain positions and 0 elsewhere, then adjust to meet the sum constraint. For example, if n_points is 70, and the integral is 1, then the total length of 1s should be 1. So, if we have m positions set to 1, the sum would be m * dx. So, m * dx = 1 => m = n_points / 2. For n_points=70, m=35. So, setting 35 positions to 1 and the rest to 0 would give the correct sum. This would be a binary function. However, this might not be the optimal, but it's a valid starting point.

So, generating initial guesses that are binary functions with 35 ones and 35 zeros could be a good idea. This would provide a different starting point compared to the initial_h_values, which might be a non-binary function.

Therefore, the code could generate multiple initial guesses, some based on perturbing the initial_h_values and others as binary functions.

Additionally, using a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method instead of SLSQP. COBYLA is suitable for problems with bounds and equality constraints, and it doesn't require gradients. This might be more robust in some cases.

Another idea: using a hybrid approach where we first use a genetic algorithm to find a good initial guess, then refine it with SLSQP. However, implementing a genetic algorithm would require more code and time.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to generate more initial guesses, including binary ones, and use a different optimization method.

Now, let's outline the code changes:

- Generate initial guesses by perturbing the initial_h_values and also by creating binary functions with 35 ones and 35 zeros.
- Use COBYLA as the optimization method instead of SLSQP.
- Increase the number of initial guesses to, say, 10.
- Adjust the perturbation size for some guesses to be larger.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with method 'SLSQP'. Changing the method to 'COBYLA' would require adjusting the bounds and constraints.

Also, the initial_h_values might be a non-binary function, so generating binary functions as initial guesses would add diversity.

Another thing to consider: the previous code clips the results to [0,1] and adjusts the sum. This is important to ensure that the constraints are met.

So, the revised code would:

1. Generate multiple initial guesses:
   a. Perturb the initial_h_values with normal noise.
   b. Generate binary functions with 35 ones and 35 zeros.
   c. Maybe other patterns, like alternating high and low values.

2. For each initial guess, run the optimization with COBYLA.

3. Track the best solution found.

This approach should explore more of the search space and potentially find better solutions.

Another possible improvement: since the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation, which is a non-smooth function, using a derivative-free method like COBYLA might be more effective than SLSQP, which relies on gradients.

Thus, the revised code would use COBYLA instead of SLSQP, generate more initial guesses, and include binary functions as initial guesses.

Now, let's think about implementing this in code.

First, generating binary initial guesses. For n_points=70, we need to select 35 positions to set to 1 and the rest to 0. This can be done by randomly selecting indices and setting them to 1.

For example:

binary_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
indices = np.random.choice(n_points, size=35, replace=False)
binary_guess[indices] = 1.0

This would give a binary initial guess.

Then, adding this to the list of initial guesses.

Next, using COBYLA as the optimization method. The scipy.optimize.minimize function allows specifying the method.

Also, adjusting the number of initial guesses to, say, 10, including both perturbed and binary guesses.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (5000). Maybe reducing this number and increasing the number of initial guesses could help, as the time budget is tight.

Putting this all together, the revised code would:

- Generate multiple initial guesses (perturbed initial_h_values and binary functions).
- Use COBYLA for optimization.
- Track the best solution found.

Now, let's write the code accordingly.

But I need to make sure that the code is within the time budget. For example, generating 10 initial guesses and running optimization for each might take more time, but with COBYLA's efficiency, it might be manageable.

Another possible optimization: using a smaller number of iterations for each optimization run, say 2000 instead of 5000, to save time.

Also, the previous code had a time check that breaks early if the budget is reached. This should be retained.

In summary, the main changes are:

1. Use COBYLA instead of SLSQP.
2. Generate more diverse initial guesses, including binary functions.
3. Increase the number of initial guesses.
4. Adjust the number of iterations per optimization run.

This should help in exploring the search space more effectively and potentially finding a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import time
import scipy.optimize as opt
from scipy.optimize import Bounds

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    # Assume initial_h_values is a global variable as per the problem statement
    h_initial = initial_h_values.copy()
    n_points = len(h_initial)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def objective(h_vec):
        cross_corr = np.correlate(h_vec, 1 - h_vec, mode='full')
        return np.max(cross_corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_vec):
        return np.sum(h_vec) - n_points / 2
    
    bounds = Bounds([0.0]*n_points, [1.0]*n_points)
    cons = [{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}]
    
    best_h = h_initial.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(h_initial)
    
    # Generate multiple initial guesses
    num_initial_guesses = 10
    initial_guesses = []
    
    # Add perturbed initial guess
    perturbation = np.random.normal(0, 0.1, n_points)
    perturbed = h_initial + perturbation
    perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0.0, 1.0)
    initial_guesses.append(perturbed)
    
    # Add binary initial guesses
    for _ in range(3):
        binary_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
        indices = np.random.choice(n_points, size=int(n_points / 2), replace=False)
        binary_guess[indices] = 1.0
        initial_guesses.append(binary_guess)
    
    # Add random initial guesses
    for _ in range(3):
        random_guess = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
        random_guess = np.clip(random_guess, 0.0, 1.0)
        random_guess = random_guess * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(random_guess)
        initial_guesses.append(random_guess)
    
    # Run optimization for each initial guess
    start_time = time.time()
    for i, guess in enumerate(initial_guesses):
        # Run optimization with COBYLA
        result = opt.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=guess,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'maxiter': 2000, 'disp': False}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_h = result.x
            current_c5 = objective(current_h)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = current_h
        # Check time
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    # Ensure the best solution is within bounds and satisfies the sum constraint
    best_h = np.clip(best_h, 0.0, 1.0)
    sum_best = np.sum(best_h)
    delta = (n_points / 2) - sum_best
    best_h += delta / n_points
    best_h = np.clip(best_h, 0.0, 1.0)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```