<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used a local optimization approach with SLSQP, but maybe I can do better by changing the strategy.

First, let me understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k is minimized. The overlap integral is computed as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The challenge is to minimize the maximum of these integrals.

The previous code used a random initial guess and perturbations, then optimized with SLSQP. But maybe that's too local. Maybe a different approach, like using a genetic algorithm or a more global optimization method, could find better solutions. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, I need an efficient method.

Another thought: the current initial guess is based on n=95 samples. Maybe starting with a different initial guess could help avoid local optima. Also, the previous code had 50 restarts, which might not be enough. Maybe increasing the number of restarts or using a different initialization strategy could help.

Wait, the problem mentions that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The initial code uses n=95, which is small. But maybe even smaller n could work? However, the integral constraint requires sum(h) = n/2. For smaller n, the function is coarser, which might make it harder to achieve the optimal. But perhaps there's a sweet spot.

Alternatively, maybe using a different parameterization. For example, instead of using a step function with arbitrary values, maybe using a piecewise constant function with certain symmetry or structure. For example, maybe dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and setting h to 0 or 1 in those parts. But that might be too restrictive.

Wait, the problem allows h to be any step function, not necessarily with equal intervals. But perhaps using a structured approach, like a periodic function or one with certain symmetry, could help.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is maximized over all shifts k, perhaps the optimal h is designed to have minimal overlap with itself when shifted. This is similar to a problem in signal processing where you want a function that doesn't correlate too much with its shifted versions. Maybe using a function that's designed to have low autocorrelation.

In the previous code, the optimization is done with SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a different optimization method, like a global optimization algorithm, could help. However, with the time constraints, that might not be feasible. Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimizer with better parameters.

Wait, the previous code uses the SLSQP method with maxiter=300. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could help. But that might not be sufficient.

Another observation: the current best C₅ is around 0.38, and the target is 0.380876. So we need to find a solution that's slightly better. Maybe the previous code's approach can be improved by using a better initial guess or by exploring more diverse solutions.

The initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point. Maybe I can use that as the initial guess and then perform some perturbations. However, the previous code already uses that. Maybe the problem is that the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. So perhaps using a different optimization strategy, like a combination of local and global search.

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to compute the objective function. For example, instead of using the full cross-correlation, maybe precomputing the necessary values for shifts k in [0,2]. But the current code uses the full cross-correlation, which includes all possible shifts. However, the integral is over x in [0,2], so when shifting by k, the overlap integral is computed for k in [0,2], but the cross-correlation might include more points. Wait, the cross-correlation with mode='full' gives all possible shifts. But the integral for each shift k would be the cross-correlation at position k, scaled by dx. However, the maximum over all k would be the maximum of those values. So the code is correct in that aspect.

Another idea: maybe the problem is that the optimization is too slow. The previous code uses SLSQP, which can be slow for large numbers of variables. However, with n_points=95, that's manageable. But maybe using a different optimization method, like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, which are more efficient for bound-constrained problems.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with equality constraints. Maybe using a different method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients, could be more effective in some cases. However, Nelder-Mead is not guaranteed to find the global minimum and might be slower.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time constraints might be challenging, especially with the need to evaluate many individuals. But given that the budget is 100 seconds, perhaps it's feasible.

But the user mentioned that the code should use scipy, numpy, and other libraries. The previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe using a different method within that framework could help. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a bounded optimization method that can be faster.

Another thing to consider is the initial guess. The previous code uses a random initial guess and perturbations. Maybe generating a better initial guess could help. For example, using a structured initial guess that's known to have good properties. For instance, using a function that's designed to have low autocorrelation, such as a Barker sequence or a similar structure. However, since the problem is on a continuous interval, it's not straightforward to apply such sequences directly.

Alternatively, maybe using a piecewise constant function with certain properties. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 0 or 1, ensuring that the integral is 1. But how to choose these regions to minimize the maximum overlap?

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model this as a minimax problem. The objective is to minimize the maximum value of the integral over all shifts. This is a convex optimization problem? Wait, no. The maximum of convex functions is convex, but the integral itself is linear in h. However, the problem is to minimize the maximum of linear functions, which is a convex optimization problem. Wait, actually, the problem is to minimize a convex function (the maximum of linear functions), which is a convex optimization problem. Therefore, perhaps using convex optimization techniques could be more effective.

But how to model this? Let me think. The overlap integral for a shift k is ∫₀² h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. However, when k is such that x + k is outside [0,2], the integral would be over a truncated interval. Wait, but the cross-correlation in the code uses the full mode, which includes all possible shifts. However, the integral for each shift k would be over the overlapping region. For example, if k is between 0 and 2, then the integral is over x in [0, 2 - k]. But the code computes the cross-correlation as the full convolution, which includes all shifts. However, the integral for each shift k is actually the integral over x in [0, 2 - k] of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. But the code uses the full cross-correlation, which for each shift k, gives the integral over the overlapping region. Therefore, the code is correct in that aspect.

But how to model this as a convex optimization problem? The problem is to minimize the maximum over k of ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. However, since k can be any real number, this seems challenging. However, in the code, the cross-correlation is computed for all possible shifts, but in practice, the maximum occurs for certain k values. However, the code evaluates all possible shifts, which is computationally expensive for large n_points. But with n_points=95, it's manageable.

Wait, but the code uses the full cross-correlation, which for a given h, computes the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. However, the integral for each shift k is the cross-correlation value at position k, multiplied by dx. Therefore, the maximum of these values is the C5 value. So the code is correct in that aspect.

But how to model this as a convex optimization problem? The problem is that the maximum over all k of a linear function in h is not convex. Wait, no. The maximum of convex functions is convex, but the integral itself is linear in h. Therefore, the problem is to minimize a convex function (the maximum of linear functions), which is a convex optimization problem. Therefore, perhaps using convex optimization techniques could be more effective.

However, the problem is that the maximum is over an infinite number of k values. But in practice, the code discretizes the shifts by using the cross-correlation, which for a given h, computes the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. However, the maximum over all k would be the maximum of the cross-correlation values. Therefore, the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem where we minimize the maximum of a set of linear functions, each corresponding to a shift k. But how to discretize the shifts?

Alternatively, perhaps using a semi-infinite programming approach, but that's complex. Maybe instead, we can approximate the maximum by considering a finite set of shifts. However, this would require choosing the shifts in a way that captures the maximum.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the existing code. Let me think about possible improvements.

First, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of restarts. Maybe increasing the number of restarts could help find a better solution. However, with 50 restarts, maybe that's already sufficient. Alternatively, using a different initial guess strategy.

Another idea: the initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point, but perhaps the code could start with that and then perform some perturbations. However, the previous code already does that.

Another thing to consider is the choice of optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a sequential quadratic programming method. Maybe using a different method, like the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a bounded optimization method, could be more effective. Let me check the parameters. The 'L-BFGS-B' method is suitable for problems with bounds and can be faster. Also, the 'SLSQP' method might be getting stuck in local minima.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (300) for each optimization. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help, but that might take more time. Alternatively, using a more aggressive tolerance setting.

Another idea: the problem has a constraint that the integral of h is 1. The previous code ensures this by normalizing the initial guess. However, during optimization, the constraints are enforced via the equality constraint. Maybe using a more accurate constraint handling could help, but that's already done.

Another observation: the cross-correlation computation might be expensive. However, with n_points=95, it's manageable. But perhaps precomputing the shifts and evaluating them more efficiently could help. However, the code already does that.

Another thought: the previous code uses a random initial guess and perturbations. Maybe using a different initialization strategy, such as a greedy approach to set h values to minimize the overlap. However, that might be complex.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a function that has certain properties, like being symmetric or having a specific pattern.

Wait, the problem is similar to designing a function that minimizes its autocorrelation. In signal processing, this is related to the concept of a "low autocorrelation binary sequence". However, in this case, the function is continuous and not necessarily binary. But maybe using similar principles could help.

For example, a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged to minimize overlap. However, the exact structure is unclear.

Another approach: since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So the function is balanced. To minimize the maximum overlap, the function should be designed such that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much with itself. This suggests that the function should have a structure that avoids repeating patterns.

Perhaps using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 1/3 and 0 on others, but that's just a guess. However, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to proceed.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method and increase the number of restarts. Let me think about the parameters.

The previous code uses SLSQP with maxiter=300. Maybe using a different method like L-BFGS-B could be faster and find better solutions. Also, increasing the number of restarts could help explore more of the solution space.

Another thing to consider is the perturbation function. The previous code uses a fixed perturbation of ±0.15. Maybe using a smaller perturbation could help avoid overshooting, or a larger one to explore more.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess strategy. For example, using a structured initial guess based on known optimal solutions for smaller n. However, without prior knowledge of such solutions, this is difficult.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a two-phase approach. First, find a function that has low overlap for certain shifts, then optimize for those shifts. However, this is vague.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to search for the best h. However, implementing that within the time constraints might be challenging.

Given all these considerations, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method, increase the number of restarts, and adjust the perturbation parameters. Let me outline the changes:

1. Use a different optimization method, such as 'L-BFGS-B' instead of 'SLSQP'.
2. Increase the number of restarts to explore more solutions.
3. Adjust the perturbation magnitude to find better initial guesses.
4. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point and perturb it more effectively.

Let me also check if the initial_h_values are already a good starting point. If they are, then starting from there and perturbing could lead to better results.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (300) for each optimization. Maybe reducing the number of iterations and increasing the number of restarts could be more efficient, as each restart is a separate optimization.

So, modifying the code to use 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is suitable for bounded problems, and increasing the number of restarts. Also, adjusting the perturbation parameters.

Let me also consider the constraints. The previous code uses an equality constraint for the sum of h. The 'L-BFGS-B' method can handle bounds and equality constraints, so that's fine.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the shifts and using vectorized operations. However, the current code already uses numpy's correlate function, which is efficient.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of restarts (50). Maybe increasing that to 100 or more could help, but it depends on the time budget. However, with 10 CPUs, parallelizing the restarts could be beneficial. But the current code doesn't use parallelization. However, the problem states that the function is called with NO arguments, so the code must be self-contained. Therefore, parallelization is not possible within the code as written.

So, given all these thoughts, the plan is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method, increase the number of restarts, and adjust the perturbation parameters. Let me draft the code accordingly.

The code will:

- Use 'L-BFGS-B' as the optimization method.
- Increase the number of restarts to 100.
- Adjust the perturbation magnitude to ±0.2 or similar.
- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point and perturb it.

Also, the code should track the best solution found within the time budget.

Another thing to consider is the initial guess. The previous code uses a random initial guess, but maybe starting from the initial_h_values and perturbing it could lead to better results.

So, the revised code would look something like this:

- Use L-BFGS-B method with bounds.
- Increase num_restarts to 100.
- Adjust perturbation magnitude.
- Use initial_h_values as a starting point.

Let me also check the parameters for the minimize function. For 'L-BFGS-B', the options can include 'maxiter' and 'ftol'.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed seed for perturbations. Maybe varying the seed more could help, but the code already uses seed + i for perturbation.

In conclusion, the main changes are to the optimization method and the number of restarts, along with possibly adjusting the perturbation parameters. Let me implement these changes in the code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
from scipy.signal import correlate

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Assume initial_h_values is a global variable
    initial_h = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_h)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    # Define the objective function
    def objective(h):
        # Compute cross-correlation with 1 - h
        cross_corr = correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        # Find the maximum value in the cross-correlation
        max_corr = np.max(cross_corr)
        return max_corr * dx

    # Define constraints
    def constraint(h):
        return np.sum(h) - n_points / 2

    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    # Function to generate a random initial guess
    def random_initial_guess():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        # Normalize to meet the sum constraint
        h = h * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h)
        return h

    # Function to perturb the initial guess
    def perturb(h, seed=None):
        np.random.seed(seed)
        perturbation = np.random.uniform(-0.2, 0.2, size=len(h))
        return np.clip(h + perturbation, 0.0, 1.0)

    # Run multiple optimizations
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_h.copy()

    # Number of restarts
    num_restarts = 100  # Increased for better exploration

    for i in range(num_restarts):
        # Generate a random initial guess or perturb the current best
        if i % 3 == 0:
            # Use random initial guess
            h_initial = random_initial_guess()
        else:
            # Perturb the current best solution
            h_initial = perturb(best_h, seed=seed + i)
        
        # Perform optimization with adjusted parameters
        result = minimize(
            objective, 
            h_initial, 
            method='L-BFGS-B', 
            bounds=bounds, 
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint}, 
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
        else:
            # If optimization fails, try the perturbed guess
            current_c5 = objective(h_initial)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = h_initial

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```