<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find a better upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by optimizing a step function h. The current best is around 0.38092, and we need to get lower than that, ideally below 0.380876.

First, I need to understand the problem better. The function h is a step function over [0,2], with integral 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. We need to minimize this maximum value.

The previous code uses a local optimization approach with SLSQP, trying multiple restarts and perturbations. But maybe that's not sufficient. Let me think about possible improvements.

The lessons mentioned include normalizing the sum of h during optimization. The existing code already does that by scaling the initial guess. But perhaps there's more to it. Maybe the optimization could be more robust by using different methods or constraints.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a covering problem or a binary optimization. Maybe using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing could help escape local minima. However, with the time budget, maybe a more efficient approach is needed.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of restarts. Maybe increasing the number of restarts or using different initial points could help. Also, the initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which might be a local optimum. So maybe starting from different initial points could lead to better results.

Another observation: the cross-correlation is computed with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. The maximum of these correlations is what we need to minimize. So, the function to minimize is the maximum of these correlations.

Perhaps a better approach is to model this as an optimization problem with constraints. The previous code uses constraints on the sum of h. But maybe adding more constraints or using different optimization techniques could help.

Wait, the problem is non-convex because the objective function is the maximum of several integrals. So, convex optimization methods might not work directly. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization method, like differential evolution, could find better solutions.

But differential evolution might be slower. However, since the time budget is 100 seconds, and with 10 CPUs, maybe parallelizing the optimization steps could help. However, the code as written is single-threaded. Maybe splitting the optimization into multiple parallel runs with different initializations.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more sophisticated local optimizer with better parameters. For example, adjusting the tolerance settings or using a different method like COBYLA or trust-constrained.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points). The initial_h_values has 95 samples. Maybe trying with a different number of points, like 128 or 256, could yield better results. But the problem says smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, maybe a slightly larger n_points could allow for more precise optimization, even if it takes a bit longer.

Wait, the user mentioned that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So 95 is acceptable. But maybe trying with a different n_points could help. However, changing n_points would require reinitializing the problem, which might complicate things. Let's stick with the initial n_points for now.

Looking at the previous code's parameters: it does 50 restarts, each with a random initial guess or perturbation. Maybe increasing the number of restarts could help, but that would take more time. Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the current best solution, maybe using a random restart with different patterns. For example, using a grid search over certain parameters or using a more informed initial guess based on known optimal structures.

Wait, the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum overlap, which relates to designing a function that avoids overlapping with its shifted versions. This might be similar to a binary sequence with certain autocorrelation properties. Maybe using a construction inspired by known optimal sequences, like those with low autocorrelation.

But how to translate that into a step function? Maybe using a periodic pattern or a combination of intervals that minimize the overlap when shifted.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is over [0,2], and the shift k can be any real number. However, in the discretized version, the shifts are discrete. But the code uses the full cross-correlation, which includes all possible shifts. Wait, the cross-correlation in the code is computed as correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), which for a vector of length n_points gives a result of length 2n_points - 1. Each entry corresponds to a shift. The maximum of these values multiplied by dx is the C5 value.

So, the problem is to find h such that the maximum of these cross-correlation values is minimized.

Now, thinking about the optimization approach. The previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. However, the objective function is non-convex, so it's possible that the local optimizer gets stuck in a local minimum. To improve this, maybe using a different optimization method, such as genetic algorithms or particle swarm optimization, which are global optimizers. However, these methods might be slower and harder to tune.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimizer with better parameters. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds, which might converge faster. Or using a combination of methods.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions, perhaps we can use a penalty method where we try to minimize each individual cross-correlation value. But since it's a max, this is challenging.

Wait, the current code's objective function returns the maximum cross-correlation value. So, the optimizer is trying to minimize that maximum. However, the optimizer might get stuck in a local minimum where one of the cross-correlation values is low, but others are high.

To address this, maybe we can use a multi-objective approach, where we try to minimize all cross-correlation values simultaneously. But that's not straightforward.

Alternatively, during the optimization, we can monitor the cross-correlation values and adjust the optimization steps to target the worst ones. But integrating that into the optimization process might be complex.

Another thought: the problem has symmetry. For example, the function h is defined on [0,2], and the shifts can be any real number. However, in the discretized version, the shifts are discrete. Maybe exploiting symmetry in the function h could help. For example, making h periodic or symmetric around certain points.

But how to incorporate that into the optimization? Maybe adding constraints to enforce symmetry, but that might complicate the problem.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal solution might have certain properties, like being piecewise constant with specific intervals. For example, the initial_h_values might have certain intervals where h is 0 or 1. Maybe trying to refine those intervals.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given, and the code starts from there. Maybe the initial solution is a local minimum, and we need to find a better one by perturbing it in a smarter way.

Another approach: instead of using a single optimization with constraints, maybe breaking the problem into parts. For example, first optimizing for one shift, then another, and so on. But this is not straightforward.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with a more accurate gradient calculation. The current code uses SLSQP, which uses finite differences for gradients. Maybe using a more accurate gradient approximation or analytical gradients could help.

But calculating analytical gradients for the cross-correlation might be complex. However, since the cross-correlation is a convolution, perhaps there's a way to express the derivative.

Alternatively, using a different optimization library that supports more advanced methods. For example, using Pyomo or other frameworks, but the user allows scipy and numpy.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several values, perhaps using a binary search approach. For example, trying to find the minimal C5 such that all cross-correlation values are below C5. However, this would require solving an optimization problem for each candidate C5, which might be computationally expensive.

But maybe combining this with a line search. However, this approach could be too slow for the given time budget.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. The code uses 50 restarts, each with a random initial guess or perturbation. Maybe increasing the number of restarts could help, but that would take more time. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps it's feasible.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess generation. The current code uses a random initial guess, but maybe generating initial guesses based on some heuristic, like placing intervals in a way that minimizes overlap.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point. Maybe instead of perturbing it, we can use it as a base and perform a more thorough local optimization around it.

Another observation: the current code's objective function is the maximum cross-correlation. However, during optimization, the algorithm might focus on reducing the maximum value, but not necessarily all values. Maybe adding a penalty term to the objective function that encourages lower values across all shifts, not just the maximum.

But this would complicate the objective function. Alternatively, during the optimization, we can track the cross-correlation values and adjust the optimization steps to target the worst ones.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different initializations. For example, using different patterns for the initial guess, such as alternating 0s and 1s, or using a more structured approach.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is a binary function (0 or 1) that is as spread out as possible. However, the integral constraint requires that the area under h is 1. So, for example, if h is 1 on an interval of length 1, then the integral is 1. But shifting this interval would lead to overlaps. However, the optimal solution might not be binary, but a step function with multiple intervals.

But how to model this? Maybe using a binary variable approach, but with the given constraints, it's challenging.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal solution might have certain intervals where h is 1 and others where it's 0, arranged to minimize overlap. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 1 for a certain length, and then shifted versions would overlap minimally.

But designing such a pattern requires knowing the optimal arrangement, which is what we're trying to find.

Another approach: using a genetic algorithm. Each individual is a vector of h values. The fitness function is the C5 value. We evolve the population over generations, selecting individuals with lower C5. This could potentially find better solutions, but it's computationally intensive. However, with the time budget and multiple CPUs, it might be feasible.

But implementing a genetic algorithm would require more code and careful tuning. Let me think about how to structure that.

Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach, where particles explore the search space and update their positions based on personal and global best solutions. This could be a good alternative to the current SLSQP approach.

However, integrating PSO into the existing code might require significant changes. Let me consider the trade-offs.

The current code uses SLSQP with constraints. If I switch to a different optimization method, like differential evolution (DE), which is a global optimizer, it might find better solutions. DE is known for handling non-convex problems and can escape local minima.

So, perhaps modifying the code to use differential evolution instead of SLSQP. Let me think about how to implement that.

The differential evolution method in scipy.optimize.differential_evolution could be used here. However, the problem has constraints (sum of h equals n_points/2), which DE can handle with bounds and constraints.

Wait, the DE method in scipy allows for bounds and constraints. So, the constraints can be incorporated into the optimization.

But the objective function is the maximum cross-correlation value. So, the DE would try to minimize this value.

Let me outline the steps:

1. Use differential evolution to minimize the objective function (max cross-correlation) subject to the sum constraint.

2. Use a population-based approach with multiple initial guesses.

3. Since DE is a global optimizer, it might find better solutions than the local SLSQP.

But how to handle the constraints? The sum constraint can be added as an equality constraint. However, DE might have difficulty with equality constraints. Alternatively, we can use the bounds and ensure that the sum is maintained by normalizing the solution during the optimization steps.

Wait, the current code already normalizes the initial guess. However, during the DE steps, the solutions might not maintain the sum constraint. So, perhaps during the DE process, after each mutation and crossover, we need to normalize the solution to meet the sum constraint.

Alternatively, we can add the sum constraint as an equality constraint in the DE optimization. However, scipy's differential_evolution doesn't directly support equality constraints. It can handle bounds and inequality constraints, but equality constraints are more complex.

So, perhaps the best approach is to use the sum constraint as a separate constraint, and during the optimization, ensure that the sum is maintained. However, integrating this into DE might be challenging.

Alternatively, during the DE steps, after generating a candidate solution, we can normalize it to meet the sum constraint. This way, we don't have to worry about the constraint during the optimization.

This approach would involve modifying the candidate solutions to maintain the sum. For example, after mutation and crossover, the solution is normalized by scaling it to have the correct sum.

This could work. Let's think about how to implement this.

The DE algorithm generates candidate solutions by combining existing ones. After generating a trial vector, we can check if it meets the bounds (0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1), and then normalize it to meet the sum constraint.

But normalization would involve scaling the vector so that the sum is n_points/2. However, this could cause some elements to go out of bounds. For example, if after normalization, some elements exceed 1 or drop below 0.

To handle this, after normalization, we can clip the values to [0, 1], but this might not be ideal. Alternatively, we can use a more sophisticated method to adjust the values while maintaining the sum and bounds. However, this might complicate the implementation.

Alternatively, during the DE steps, we can enforce the sum constraint by using a penalty function. However, this might not be as effective as directly normalizing.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to use DE with normalization of the solutions to meet the sum constraint, even if it introduces some inaccuracies. This could allow the DE to explore the search space more effectively.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution instead of SLSQP. Let's outline the changes:

- Replace the minimize function with differential_evolution.

- Define the objective function as before.

- Add a constraint for the sum of h to be n_points / 2.

But scipy's differential_evolution doesn't support equality constraints directly. So, we need to handle this via bounds and normalization.

Alternatively, we can use the bounds and during the optimization steps, normalize the solutions. For example, after each mutation and crossover, we can normalize the solution to meet the sum constraint, and clip the values to [0,1].

This approach would require modifying the DE steps. However, scipy's differential_evolution doesn't allow for custom mutation/crossover steps, so this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, we can use the constraints in the objective function. For example, adding a penalty term to the objective function if the sum is not met. However, this would make the optimization problem more complex.

Another idea: since the sum constraint is linear, we can use the method of Lagrange multipliers. However, integrating this into the DE optimization is not straightforward.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to proceed with the existing code but enhance it by using a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and see if that improves the results.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: using SLSQP for local optimization around promising solutions found by a global method.

But given the time, perhaps switching to differential evolution is the way to go.

So, modifying the code to use differential_evolution. Let's think about how to implement this.

The code would need to define the bounds and the objective function. The sum constraint can be enforced by normalizing the solution after each step. However, scipy's differential_evolution doesn't allow for this directly, so we need to find a way to handle it.

Alternatively, we can use the bounds and a penalty function for the sum constraint. For example, the objective function could be the max cross-correlation plus a penalty term if the sum is not met. However, this might not be effective.

Alternatively, during the optimization, after generating a candidate solution, we can normalize it to meet the sum constraint. This would involve scaling the solution so that the sum is n_points / 2. However, this could lead to some values exceeding the [0,1] bounds. To handle this, we can clip the values to [0,1], but this might not be ideal.

But given the time constraints, perhaps this is the way to go. Let's proceed.

So, the code would use differential_evolution, and during the optimization steps, after generating a candidate solution, it is normalized to meet the sum constraint. This way, the sum is maintained, and the values are clipped to [0,1].

But how to integrate this into the optimization process? The differential_evolution function in scipy doesn't allow for custom mutation steps, so this might not be feasible. Therefore, perhaps using a different approach.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method with more restarts and better parameters.

Wait, the previous code uses 50 restarts. Maybe increasing the number of restarts could help. Also, using a better initial guess. For example, starting from the initial_h_values and perturbing it in different ways.

Another idea: using a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. The current code uses numpy.correlate, which might be slow for large n_points. However, with n_points=95, it's manageable.

Alternatively, precomputing the cross-correlation values and using them in the objective function.

But the main issue is the optimization method. Perhaps using a more robust optimizer.

Another thought: the current code uses the 'SLSQP' method with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the maxiter and adjusting the tolerance could help find better solutions.

Alternatively, using a different method like 'COBYLA' which handles bounds well.

But without knowing the exact parameters, it's hard to say. Let's think about the previous code's parameters. The maxiter is 300, ftol and eps are 1e-9. Maybe reducing these values could speed up the optimization.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess generation. For example, instead of random initial guesses, using a structured approach, like placing intervals in a way that minimizes overlap.

But how to generate such initial guesses? Maybe using a greedy approach: divide the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 1, ensuring that shifting them doesn't overlap too much.

But this is getting too vague. Let's think of concrete steps.

The plan is to improve the previous code by:

1. Using a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, which is better at finding global minima.

2. Increasing the number of restarts or using more diverse initial guesses.

3. Ensuring that the sum constraint is strictly enforced during optimization.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use differential evolution with normalization of the sum, even if it's not perfect.

Alternatively, use the existing SLSQP approach but with more restarts and better parameters.

Another idea: the current code uses perturbations based on a random seed. Maybe using a more systematic way to perturb the solution, such as varying the positions of the intervals where h is 1.

But without knowing the structure of the optimal solution, this is challenging.

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and see if it improves the results.

So, let's outline the code changes:

- Replace the minimize function with differential_evolution.

- Define the bounds and objective function.

- Enforce the sum constraint by normalizing the solution.

But scipy's differential_evolution doesn't allow for equality constraints, so we need to handle this via normalization.

Here's how the code could look:

Import differential_evolution from scipy.optimize.

Define the objective function as before.

Use differential_evolution with bounds, and during the optimization, normalize the solution to meet the sum constraint.

But how to do that? The differential_evolution function generates candidate solutions, which are then evaluated. We can modify the candidate solutions to meet the sum constraint before evaluating the objective function.

However, this would require modifying the candidate solutions, which is not directly supported by the differential_evolution function. Therefore, perhaps using a wrapper function that normalizes the solution before evaluating the objective.

But this might not work as intended, since the differential_evolution function is designed to explore the search space, and modifying the candidates could lead to biased results.

Alternatively, use the sum constraint as an equality constraint in the optimization problem. However, scipy's differential_evolution doesn't support equality constraints directly. It can handle bounds and inequality constraints, but equality constraints are more complex.

Given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to proceed with the existing code but enhance it by using a different optimization method and increasing the number of restarts.

Alternatively, combining multiple optimization methods.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to use the existing code but increase the number of restarts and adjust the parameters to allow for better exploration.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP, use the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a bounded optimization method that might converge faster.

But without knowing the exact parameters, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: first using differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then using SLSQP for local optimization.

But again, time is limited.

Given all this, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, and see if that improves the results.

So, here's the plan for the code:

- Use differential_evolution instead of SLSQP.

- Define the objective function as the maximum cross-correlation.

- Use bounds for each h[i].

- Enforce the sum constraint by normalizing the solution during the optimization.

But since differential_evolution doesn't support equality constraints, we can use a penalty function. For example, adding a large penalty if the sum is not met.

However, this might not be effective. Alternatively, during the optimization, after generating a candidate solution, normalize it to meet the sum constraint and clip the values to [0,1].

But this would require modifying the candidate solutions, which is not directly supported by the differential_evolution function. Therefore, perhaps using a wrapper function that normalizes the solution before evaluating the objective.

But this might not work as intended, since the differential_evolution function is designed to explore the search space, and modifying the candidates could lead to biased results.

Alternatively, use the sum constraint as a separate constraint in the optimization problem, even if it's not directly supported.

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to proceed with the existing code but increase the number of restarts and adjust the parameters to allow for better exploration.

So, modifying the previous code to use more restarts, better initial guesses, and possibly a different optimization method.

Another idea: using a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. For example, precomputing the cross-correlation values and using them in the objective function.

But the current code already does that.

In conclusion, the main improvements could be:

1. Increasing the number of restarts to explore more of the search space.

2. Using a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, to find better solutions.

3. Ensuring that the sum constraint is strictly enforced during optimization.

Given the time constraints, I'll proceed with modifying the existing code to use differential evolution with normalization of the sum constraint, even if it's not perfect.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import differential_evolution, minimize
from scipy.signal import correlate

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Assume initial_h_values is a global variable
    initial_h = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_h)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    # Define the objective function
    def objective(h):
        # Compute cross-correlation with 1 - h
        cross_corr = correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        # Find the maximum value in the cross-correlation
        max_corr = np.max(cross_corr)
        return max_corr * dx

    # Define the sum constraint
    def constraint_sum(h):
        return np.sum(h) - n_points / 2

    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    # Function to generate a random initial guess
    def random_initial_guess():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        # Normalize to meet the sum constraint
        h = h * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h)
        return h

    # Function to perturb the initial guess
    def perturb(h, seed=None):
        np.random.seed(seed)
        perturbation = np.random.uniform(-0.15, 0.15, size=len(h))
        return np.clip(h + perturbation, 0.0, 1.0)

    # Function to normalize the sum of h
    def normalize_h(h):
        total = np.sum(h)
        if total == 0:
            return np.zeros_like(h)
        return h * (n_points / 2) / total

    # Run multiple optimizations
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_h.copy()
    best_h = normalize_h(best_h)

    # Number of restarts
    num_restarts = 100  # Increased for better exploration

    # Use differential evolution for global search
    def differential_evolution_run():
        result = differential_evolution(
            objective,
            bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            strategy='best1bin',
            popsize=15,
            mutation=(0.5, 1),
            recombination=0.8,
            tol=1e-8,
            maxiter=200,
            disp=False,
            seed=seed
        )
        return result.x, result.fun

    # Run differential evolution once for a global search
    h_de, c5_de = differential_evolution_run()
    best_h = h_de
    best_c5 = c5_de

    # Perform local optimization around the DE solution
    result = minimize(
        objective,
        best_h,
        method='SLSQP',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum},
        options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-9}
    )
    if result.success:
        current_c5 = result.fun
        if current_c5 < best_c5:
            best_c5 = current_c5
            best_h = result.x

    # Additional restarts with perturbations
    for i in range(num_restarts):
        # Generate a random initial guess or perturb the current best
        if i % 3 == 0:
            # Use random initial guess
            h_initial = random_initial_guess()
        else:
            # Perturb the current best solution
            h_initial = perturb(best_h, seed=seed + i)
        
        # Normalize the initial guess
        h_initial = normalize_h(h_initial)
        
        # Perform optimization with adjusted parameters
        result = minimize(
            objective, 
            h_initial, 
            method='SLSQP', 
            bounds=bounds, 
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}, 
            options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```