<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and we need to get it down to around 0.380876. The previous approach used a genetic algorithm with SLSQP optimization, but maybe there's room for improvement.

First, I need to understand the problem better. The function h is a step function over [0,2], with integral 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. Our task is to minimize this maximum value.

The previous code used a random initial guess and perturbations, then optimized with SLSQP. But maybe that's too slow or not exploring enough. Let's think about possible improvements.

The lessons mentioned include normalizing the sum of h during optimization. Wait, the previous code already has a constraint that enforces the sum to be n_points/2. So maybe that's already handled. But perhaps the optimization isn't efficiently exploring the space.

Another idea: maybe using a different optimization method. SLSQP might get stuck in local minima. What if we use a global optimization approach, like differential evolution? But with the constraints, it might be tricky. Alternatively, maybe a hybrid approach: use a local optimizer after a global search.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess is not good enough. The initial_h_values provided might be a starting point, but perhaps starting from other configurations could help. For example, using a more structured initial guess, like a periodic function or a piecewise constant function with certain properties.

Another thought: the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum correlation between h and 1-h shifted by different k. So maybe we can model this as a minimax problem. However, solving such problems directly is challenging.

Let me think about the constraints again. The integral of h is 1 over [0,2], so the average value is 0.5. The function h is a step function, so it's piecewise constant. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum of these integrals.

The previous code uses scipy's minimize with SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe we need to use a more global approach. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, perhaps a parallelized approach would help.

Wait, the problem says that the run function is called with no arguments, and the default budget is 100 seconds. The code needs to run within that time. So, perhaps using multiple restarts with different initial guesses, but more efficiently.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the current best solution, maybe use a different initialization strategy. For example, starting with a uniform distribution, or a function that has certain symmetry properties.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of restarts (50). Maybe increasing that number could help, but it might take more time. Alternatively, using a smarter way to generate initial guesses.

Another observation: the overlap integral for different k's might have different sensitivities. Perhaps focusing the optimization on the k's that contribute the most to the maximum. But how to do that?

Alternatively, maybe using a different parameterization. For example, instead of representing h as a list of values, maybe using a Fourier series or some other basis that can capture the structure of h more efficiently. But that might complicate the optimization.

Wait, the problem allows using any optimization method, including those from scipy. Maybe using a different method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is derivative-free and can handle constraints. Or maybe a Bayesian optimization approach with a surrogate model.

But given the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to improve the existing method. Let's think about the previous code's limitations.

The previous code uses a random initial guess and perturbs the current best. However, maybe the perturbation is too small. What if we use larger perturbations, or different perturbation strategies? Or maybe use a more diverse set of initial guesses.

Another idea: instead of using a single optimization run per restart, perhaps use a more efficient local optimizer. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method with bounds, which is a local optimizer but might converge faster.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is suitable for constrained problems. But maybe using a different method with better convergence properties.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem. However, the objective is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, which is non-convex. So that's not straightforward.

Another thought: the maximum over k of the integrals can be approximated by considering the most critical shifts. For example, if we can find the k that gives the highest integral and focus the optimization on that, perhaps we can reduce the maximum. But how to determine which k is critical?

Alternatively, maybe using a multi-objective optimization approach where we try to minimize multiple integrals simultaneously. But that's complex.

Let me think about the initial_h_values. The user mentioned that the initial construction is available via initial_h_values, which has n=95 samples. Maybe starting from that and then perturbing it could be better than random guesses. However, the previous code already uses that as an initial guess.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a greedy approach. Start with a simple h and iteratively adjust it to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, find the k that gives the highest overlap, then adjust h to reduce that overlap, while maintaining the integral constraint.

But how to implement that? It might be challenging to find the right adjustments without getting stuck in local minima.

Alternatively, maybe using a simulated annealing approach, which can escape local minima by allowing worse solutions with some probability. However, implementing that within the time constraints might be difficult.

Another observation: the previous code's objective function computes the cross-correlation and then takes the maximum. However, cross-correlation might be computationally expensive for large n_points. But since the user prefers smaller n_points (less than 1k), maybe using n_points=100 or 200 would be better. However, the initial_h_values has n=95, so maybe keeping that size.

Wait, the user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So perhaps using n_points=100 or 200 would be better for speed. However, the initial_h_values is given with n=95. Maybe we can start with that and then try to optimize with a smaller n_points? Or maybe the initial_h_values is already a good starting point.

But the problem says that the initial_h_values is available, so perhaps using that as a starting point is better than random guesses.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, use a global optimization method like differential evolution. However, differential evolution can be slow, but with parallelization, maybe it's feasible.

Wait, the code is supposed to run on 10 CPUs. So perhaps using a parallelized approach, such as running multiple optimization runs in parallel. However, the current code is written in a single process. Maybe the code can be modified to run multiple optimizations in parallel, but that would require more complex code.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient local optimizer. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds, which is faster than SLSQP.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. The options for SLSQP include maxiter=300, ftol=1e-9, eps=1e-9. Maybe reducing the maxiter could save time, allowing more restarts. Or increasing the number of restarts.

Another point: the previous code uses a perturbation of ±0.15. Maybe adjusting that perturbation range could help explore the space better.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess strategy. For example, starting with a function that has certain properties, like being periodic or having a specific shape that might reduce the maximum overlap.

Another observation: the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the integral of h(x) - h(x)h(x + k) dx. The first term is the integral of h(x), which is 1. The second term is the integral of h(x)h(x + k). So the overlap integral is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over k.

So, the problem becomes finding h that maximizes the minimum of the cross-correlation integrals for different shifts k. This might be a useful perspective.

But how does that help in optimization? Perhaps focusing on maximizing the minimum cross-correlation, which is the same as minimizing the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, maybe using a different formulation. For example, if we can model the problem as a quadratic optimization problem, but again, the non-convexity makes it challenging.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is the maximum over k, perhaps we can approximate this by considering a few critical shifts. For example, if we can find the shifts k that are most problematic and focus the optimization on those. However, determining which shifts are critical would require evaluating the cross-correlation for all k, which is computationally expensive.

Alternatively, maybe using a gradient-based method that computes the gradient with respect to h and adjusts h to reduce the maximum overlap. But computing the gradient of the maximum function is non-trivial, as the maximum is not differentiable.

Hmm. Let's think about the previous code again. It uses a random initial guess and perturbs the current best. Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. So, perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using different patterns for the initial h, such as alternating high and low values, or using a more structured approach.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of restarts (50). Maybe increasing the number of restarts, but with more efficient initial guesses. However, this would take more time. Alternatively, using a combination of different initial guess strategies.

Also, the previous code uses a perturbation of ±0.15. Maybe using a larger perturbation initially and then smaller ones as the optimization proceeds. Or using different perturbation strategies for different stages.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a multi-objective optimization approach where we try to minimize multiple overlaps simultaneously. For example, using a weighted sum of the overlaps for different k's. However, this might not directly lead to the optimal solution but could help in exploration.

Alternatively, maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach where we model the objective function and select the next points to evaluate based on the model. This could be more efficient in finding good solutions, but implementing it might be complex.

Considering the time constraints and the need to run within 100 seconds, perhaps the best approach is to improve the existing method by:

1. Using a more efficient optimization method, such as L-BFGS-B with bounds.
2. Increasing the number of restarts with diverse initial guesses.
3. Using a better initial guess strategy, such as starting from the given initial_h_values and perturbing it more effectively.
4. Adjusting the perturbation parameters to explore the space more thoroughly.

Let me outline a plan:

- Start with the initial_h_values provided.
- Generate multiple initial guesses by perturbing the initial_h_values with different patterns (e.g., adding random noise, flipping certain segments, etc.).
- Use a local optimizer (like L-BFGS-B) with constraints to refine each initial guess.
- Track the best solution found across all restarts.
- Use a larger number of restarts to explore the space more thoroughly.
- Adjust the perturbation parameters to ensure sufficient exploration without getting stuck in local minima.

Additionally, considering the time budget, perhaps using a parallelized approach where multiple optimization runs are executed in parallel. However, the code is supposed to be written in a single process, so parallelization might not be feasible. Alternatively, using more efficient optimization settings.

Another point: the previous code uses a fixed number of restarts (50). Maybe increasing this number, but with more efficient initial guesses, could lead to better results.

Let me also think about the objective function. The cross-correlation is computed for all k, and the maximum is taken. However, the cross-correlation for k=0 is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx, which is the same as 1 - ∫ h(x)^2 dx. Since the integral of h is 1, the integral of h^2 is minimized when h is as uniform as possible. But since we have to maintain the integral constraint, perhaps this is a trade-off.

But the maximum overlap integral could be dominated by certain shifts. For example, if h is periodic with period 2, then shifts by 1 might have higher overlap. However, the exact shifts depend on the structure of h.

In any case, the main idea is to find a h that balances the overlaps for all shifts.

Now, considering all this, here's a plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate multiple initial guesses by perturbing the initial_h_values with different patterns (e.g., adding random noise, flipping certain segments, etc.).
- Use a local optimizer (like L-BFGS-B) with constraints to refine each initial guess.
- Track the best solution found.
- Use a larger number of restarts (maybe 100) to explore the space more thoroughly.
- Adjust the perturbation parameters to ensure sufficient exploration.
- Use a more efficient optimization method, such as L-BFGS-B, which might converge faster.

Additionally, to speed up the process, perhaps using a smaller n_points. However, the initial_h_values has n=95, so maybe keeping that size is better for the initial exploration.

Another consideration: the previous code uses a fixed dx of 2.0 / n_points. That's correct.

Now, let's think about implementing this in code.

The previous code uses SLSQP. Let's try switching to L-BFGS-B, which is a local optimizer but might be faster. Also, using the 'bounds' parameter properly.

But L-BFGS-B requires the objective function to be differentiable. The current objective function is the maximum of cross-correlation values, which is not differentiable. However, during optimization, the maximum might be achieved at a particular k, and we can approximate the gradient by considering that k.

Alternatively, since the maximum is taken over k, perhaps during optimization, we can focus on the k that gives the highest value at each step. However, this complicates the gradient calculation.

Alternatively, perhaps the maximum can be approximated by considering only a subset of k's, but that might not be accurate.

This seems complicated. Maybe the previous approach of using SLSQP is better, but with some modifications.

Another idea: during the optimization, instead of computing the maximum over all k, focus on the k that is most critical. For example, during each iteration, find the k that gives the highest overlap and optimize to reduce that particular overlap. This would make the objective function differentiable, as it's focused on a single k. However, this approach might not find the global minimum, as it could get stuck in a local minimum for that particular k.

But perhaps this is a viable approach. Let's think: if we can find the k that gives the maximum overlap, then optimize h to reduce that overlap. However, this would require dynamically changing the objective function during optimization, which might be challenging.

Alternatively, during the optimization process, we can compute the cross-correlation for all k, find the maximum, and use that as the objective. However, the gradient of this maximum function is not straightforward. But with SLSQP, perhaps it can handle it numerically.

In any case, given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method and adjust the parameters for better convergence.

So, here's the plan for the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Generate multiple initial guesses by perturbing the initial_h_values with different patterns.
3. For each initial guess, perform optimization using a local method (like L-BFGS-B) with constraints.
4. Track the best solution found.
5. Increase the number of restarts to explore more of the solution space.
6. Adjust the perturbation parameters to ensure sufficient exploration.

Let me think about implementing this in code.

First, the initial_h_values is given. So, the code will start with that. Then, generate perturbations. For example, adding random noise, or flipping certain segments.

But how to generate diverse initial guesses? Perhaps using different perturbation strategies, such as:

- Adding random noise with different amplitudes.
- Flipping certain segments of the h array.
- Using a different initial pattern, like a periodic function.

However, generating these might be complex. Alternatively, using a random initial guess with a different seed each time.

Alternatively, the previous code already uses random_initial_guess and perturb. Maybe increasing the number of restarts and using different perturbation strategies could help.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP, use the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is faster and might converge better.

So, modifying the code to use L-BFGS-B:

In the previous code, the minimize function uses method='SLSQP'. Changing that to 'L-BFGS-B' might help. However, the constraints need to be handled properly. The constraint is that sum(h) = n_points / 2. The bounds are 0 <= h[i] <= 1.

But L-BFGS-B requires the constraints to be in the form of bounds and linear equality constraints. The current code uses a constraint function, which is a linear equality constraint. So, the code should work with L-BFGS-B.

Let me adjust the code accordingly.

Another thing: the previous code uses a perturbation of ±0.15. Maybe increasing that to ±0.2 or ±0.3 could help explore more of the space, but it might also lead to worse solutions. However, with multiple restarts, it's worth trying.

Also, the number of restarts could be increased. For example, from 50 to 100, but with the time budget of 100 seconds, this might be feasible.

Another optimization: reducing the maxiter in the minimize function to save time, allowing more restarts.

Putting this all together, the revised code would:

- Use L-BFGS-B as the optimization method.
- Increase the number of restarts.
- Use larger perturbations.
- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.

Let me outline the code changes:

- Change the method to 'L-BFGS-B'.
- Increase num_restarts to 100.
- Adjust the perturbation range.
- Maybe use a different initial guess strategy.

Additionally, the previous code uses a random_initial_guess function. Perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses by using different seeds or different perturbation patterns.

Another consideration: the initial_h_values might already be a good starting point. So, starting with that and perturbing it could be better than random guesses.

In conclusion, the plan is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method (L-BFGS-B), increase the number of restarts, adjust the perturbation parameters, and use the initial_h_values as a starting point. This should lead to a better exploration of the solution space and potentially a lower C₅ value.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
from scipy.signal import correlate

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Assume initial_h_values is a global variable
    initial_h = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_h)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    # Define the objective function
    def objective(h):
        # Compute cross-correlation with 1 - h
        cross_corr = correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        # Find the maximum value in the cross-correlation
        max_corr = np.max(cross_corr)
        return max_corr * dx

    # Define constraints
    def constraint(h):
        return np.sum(h) - n_points / 2

    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    # Function to generate a random initial guess
    def random_initial_guess():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        # Normalize to meet the sum constraint
        h = h * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h)
        return h

    # Function to perturb the initial guess
    def perturb(h, seed=None):
        np.random.seed(seed)
        perturbation = np.random.uniform(-0.25, 0.25, size=len(h))
        return np.clip(h + perturbation, 0.0, 1.0)

    # Run multiple optimizations
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_h.copy()

    # Number of restarts
    num_restarts = 100  # Increased for better exploration

    for i in range(num_restarts):
        # Generate a random initial guess or perturb the current best
        if i % 3 == 0:
            # Use random initial guess
            h_initial = random_initial_guess()
        else:
            # Perturb the current best solution
            h_initial = perturb(best_h, seed=seed + i)
        
        # Perform optimization with adjusted parameters
        result = minimize(
            objective, 
            h_initial, 
            method='L-BFGS-B', 
            bounds=bounds, 
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint}, 
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
        else:
            # If optimization fails, try the perturbed guess
            current_c5 = objective(h_initial)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = h_initial

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```