<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code uses a constrained optimization with SLSQP, starting from an initial guess and doing multiple restarts. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, I should understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral (which is the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h) is minimized. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum value of the cross-correlation multiplied by dx, which is 2/n_points.

The previous code uses a random initial guess and perturbs it, then runs SLSQP optimization. But maybe that's not sufficient. Let's think about the lessons from earlier attempts. The user mentioned that using constrained optimization with SLSQP is helpful. So that's already in the code.

But maybe the problem is that the initial guess is not good enough. The initial_h_values provided might be a local minimum. So perhaps trying different starting points could help. Also, the previous code uses 50 restarts, but maybe more or different strategies could help.

Another idea: maybe using a different optimization method. For example, using a genetic algorithm or other population-based methods could explore the search space more effectively. However, the user mentioned that the code should use scipy, numpy, and other libraries. But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe combining with some global optimization steps?

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be reformulated. Since the overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. So for each shift k, we have to compute this integral. The maximum of these is what we need to minimize.

But how to model this? The previous approach uses the cross-correlation, which is essentially the same as computing the integral for all shifts. So the code is correct in that aspect.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 95). Maybe using a different number of points could help. For example, using a smaller number of points might allow for more efficient optimization, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences (less than 1k samples) are preferred. However, the initial code uses 95 samples. Maybe trying with different n_points, like 128 or 256, could lead to better results? But the problem says that the initial_h_values is given with n=95, so maybe starting from there is better.

Wait, the user says that the initial_h_values is available, so maybe we can start from that. But perhaps the initial guess is not optimal. So maybe using a different starting point, like a more structured initial guess, could help.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a covering problem. The function h should be such that when shifted, it doesn't overlap too much with 1-h. So maybe designing h to have certain periodicity or symmetry could help. For example, if h is a step function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that minimizes overlap when shifted.

But how to model that? Maybe using a Fourier series approach? Since the problem involves convolutions and overlaps, Fourier analysis might be useful. However, the previous code doesn't use that. Maybe transforming the problem into the frequency domain could help, but I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be approximated by considering the worst-case shift. For example, the maximum overlap occurs when the shift k is such that the overlap between h and 1-h is maximized. So perhaps the optimal h is designed to have minimal maximum overlap for all possible shifts. This seems similar to a problem in signal processing where you want a signal that doesn't correlate too much with itself when shifted.

Another approach is to use a greedy algorithm. For example, iteratively adjust h to minimize the maximum overlap. But how to implement that?

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization method like differential evolution could find better solutions, even if it's slower. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, and with 10 CPUs, maybe parallelizing the optimization steps could help.

Wait, the code is supposed to run within 100 seconds. The previous code does 50 restarts, each with an optimization. Maybe increasing the number of restarts or using a different initial guess strategy could help. For example, generating more diverse initial guesses.

Another thing: the previous code uses perturbation of the initial guess. Maybe instead of perturbing, using a different initialization, like a random permutation of the initial guess, or using a different structure.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given. Maybe that's a good starting point, but perhaps we can try to improve it. For example, using a more refined optimization around that initial guess.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem. However, since the objective is to minimize the maximum of several convex functions (the cross-correlation values), it's a convex optimization problem? Wait, the maximum of convex functions is convex, so minimizing a convex function over a convex set (the constraints are linear). So maybe this is a convex optimization problem. However, the cross-correlation is a linear operation, but the maximum over all shifts is a convex function. Therefore, maybe we can model this as a convex optimization problem. But how?

Wait, the cross-correlation for each shift k is a linear function of h. The maximum of these linear functions is a convex function. Therefore, the problem is to minimize a convex function over a convex set (the constraints are linear). Therefore, it's a convex optimization problem, and thus, there exists a global minimum. However, the problem is that the number of shifts k is very large (for n_points=95, there are 2*95-1 shifts), so the maximum is over many terms. This makes the problem difficult to handle directly with standard convex optimization methods, as it's a semi-infinite problem.

Therefore, perhaps the approach of using a local optimizer like SLSQP is the way to go, but with better initial guesses and more efficient optimization.

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is the same as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx, which can be rewritten as the integral of h(x) - h(x)h(x +k) dx. So the maximum of this over k is the maximum of (integral of h(x) dx - integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx). Since the integral of h(x) dx is 1, this becomes 1 - integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum over k of (1 - integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx), which is the same as maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx over k. So maybe this perspective can help in formulating the problem.

But how to use this? Maybe the problem can be rephrased as maximizing the minimum of the cross-correlation between h and itself, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral is the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h, which is the same as the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. So perhaps using some properties of cross-correlation to design h.

Another thought: the current code uses the cross-correlation with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. But perhaps for the problem, the maximum occurs at certain specific shifts. For example, shifts that correspond to the period of h. If h has a certain periodicity, then the maximum overlap might be at those shifts.

But how to incorporate that into the optimization? Maybe by designing h to have certain symmetries or periodicities.

Alternatively, maybe using a piecewise constant function with more intervals. However, the previous code uses n_points samples, which is the number of intervals. So for example, with n_points=95, the function is divided into 95 intervals, each with a value between 0 and 1. So increasing n_points could allow for more precise control, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. However, the initial code uses n_points=95, which is manageable.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of restarts (50), but perhaps increasing that number or using different initial guesses could help. For example, generating initial guesses that are more diverse, not just perturbations of the initial_h_values or random guesses.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints, or the Nelder-Mead simplex method. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method. Maybe combining with a global optimizer?

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the existing code. Let's think about possible improvements.

First, the initial guess. The initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe we can try different initializations. For example, using a more structured initial guess, such as a step function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that minimizes overlap. However, designing such a function is non-trivial.

Another idea: the problem is similar to the problem of finding a binary sequence with minimal autocorrelation. In that case, the optimal sequences are known (like the Barker codes), but those are for binary sequences. However, here the function h is a step function with values in [0,1], not necessarily binary. So maybe a similar approach can be taken, but with more flexibility.

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm. Each individual is a vector of h values. The fitness function is the maximum overlap integral. We can evolve the population over generations, selecting individuals with lower C5. However, implementing a genetic algorithm might be time-consuming, but given the time budget, perhaps it's feasible.

But the user's code uses scipy.optimize.minimize, which is a local optimizer. Maybe combining with a genetic algorithm could help find better solutions. However, given the time constraints, maybe it's better to stick with the existing approach but make it more efficient.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=500) for each optimization. Maybe reducing the number of iterations and increasing the number of restarts could help. Or vice versa.

Alternatively, using a different method for the optimization. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a quasi-Newton method with bounds. Or 'SLSQP' as before.

Another possible improvement: the current code evaluates the cross-correlation for all shifts, but perhaps the maximum occurs at certain specific shifts. For example, the shifts that correspond to the period of the function. So maybe we can focus the optimization on those shifts, but how?

Alternatively, during the optimization, we can monitor which shifts contribute the most to the maximum and adjust h accordingly. But this would require more complex logic.

Another idea: the current code uses the cross-correlation as the objective function. However, the actual objective is to minimize the maximum of these cross-correlation values. So perhaps the optimization could be modified to penalize the maximum value more heavily. For example, using a different objective function that is the maximum of the cross-correlation values, but since the maximum is not differentiable, it's challenging. However, the previous code uses the maximum value as the objective, which is correct.

Wait, the code's objective function is the maximum cross-correlation value multiplied by dx. So the code is correct in that aspect.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. For example, precomputing all the shifts and then taking the maximum. However, the current code already does that with numpy.correlate.

Another thought: the current code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. Maybe we can try to improve that initial guess by applying some heuristic. For example, if the initial_h_values has certain patterns, we can adjust them to reduce the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess. For example, a uniform distribution, but that might not be optimal.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a covering problem where we want to cover the interval [0,2] with h(x) such that when shifted, it doesn't overlap too much with 1-h(x). So perhaps designing h to have high values in regions that are spaced apart. For example, placing high values of h in intervals that are spaced such that shifting them by certain amounts doesn't overlap with their complement.

But how to translate this into a step function? Maybe using a periodic pattern with certain spacing.

Alternatively, considering that the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So the function is a step function that is on average 0.5. To minimize overlap, it should be as "spread out" as possible. For example, a function that is 1 for half the interval and 0 for the other half, but that would have a high overlap when shifted by half the interval. So perhaps a more evenly distributed function would be better.

Wait, if h is a step function that is 1 for a certain interval and 0 elsewhere, then the overlap with 1-h would be when the shifted interval overlaps with the 0 region. But this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of multiple intervals, each with different values, to balance the overlap.

But how to find such a function? It's challenging without a good optimization approach.

Given that, perhaps the best approach is to improve the existing code by making the following changes:

1. Increase the number of restarts to explore more of the search space.
2. Use different initial guesses, such as random ones, perturbations, and maybe some structured ones.
3. Adjust the optimization parameters, such as the number of iterations and tolerance.
4. Use a more efficient optimization method, perhaps with better convergence.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses the same n_points as the initial_h_values (95). Maybe trying with a different n_points could yield better results. For example, using n_points=128 or 256. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred, so perhaps keeping n_points around 100 is better.

But since the initial code uses 95, maybe that's the best starting point.

Another possible improvement: using a different way to generate initial guesses. For example, instead of random guesses, using a grid search over certain parameters. But this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a more informed initial guess. For example, starting with a function that has a certain pattern, like a sine wave or something else, and then optimizing from there.

But without knowing the optimal structure, this is speculative.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe we can use a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to minimize each cross-correlation value. However, this would require more complex handling.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where the objective function is the maximum cross-correlation value, and during optimization, we try to minimize it. But this is what the current code already does.

So, putting this all together, the plan is to modify the existing code to:

- Use more restarts with diverse initial guesses.
- Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.
- Possibly use a different optimization method.
- Monitor the progress and return the best solution found within the time budget.

In the previous code, the number of restarts is 50. Maybe increasing that to 100 or 200, but given the time budget, it's important to balance between the number of restarts and the time per restart.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=500) for each optimization. Perhaps reducing this number and increasing the number of restarts could help, as the time is limited.

Additionally, the code uses a perturbation of the initial guess. Maybe instead of perturbing, using a different initial guess each time, such as a random guess or a structured guess.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. For example, using FFT-based convolution, which is faster. However, the current code uses numpy.correlate, which is already efficient.

Another thought: the current code computes the cross-correlation for all shifts, but perhaps the maximum occurs at a limited number of shifts. For example, the shifts that are multiples of some base value. So maybe focusing the optimization on those shifts could help. However, this would require knowing which shifts are critical, which is not straightforward.

In summary, the main improvements to consider are:

1. Increase the number of restarts with diverse initial guesses.
2. Adjust the optimization parameters (like maxiter, ftol, eps) to allow for better convergence.
3. Use different initial guess strategies, such as random guesses and perturbations.
4. Possibly use a different optimization method if it's more effective.

Now, let's think about implementing these changes in code.

The previous code uses 50 restarts. Let's increase that to 100. Also, for each restart, generate a random initial guess or perturb the initial_h_values. Also, perhaps use a different seed for each restart to ensure diversity.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the initial guess, sometimes use a completely random guess, sometimes use a perturbed version of the initial guess, and sometimes use a random guess with a different structure.

Also, adjusting the optimization parameters. For example, increasing the maxiter to 1000, but that might take more time. Alternatively, reducing maxiter to 200 and increasing the number of restarts.

Another thing: the current code uses the same initial_h_values for some restarts. Maybe varying the initial guess more could help.

So, modifying the code:

- Increase num_restarts to 100.
- For each restart, randomly choose between generating a random initial guess, perturbing the initial_h_values, or another method.
- Adjust the optimization options, like ftol and eps, to tighter tolerances.
- Maybe use a different method, like 'L-BFGS-B' or 'COBYLA'.

But how to choose the method? The previous code uses 'SLSQP', which is suitable for constrained problems. Let's stick with that.

Another possible change: the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe we can try to improve it by using a more refined optimization. For example, running a few iterations of optimization starting from the initial_h_values.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to proceed with the previous code, but with more restarts and better initial guesses.

So, the modified code would have:

- num_restarts = 100
- For each restart, generate a random initial guess or perturb the initial_h_values.
- Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.

Additionally, perhaps adding a check to see if the initial_h_values is already a good solution and try to optimize from there.

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed dx (2.0 / n_points). Since n_points is fixed (95), dx is fixed.

Now, considering the time budget of 100 seconds. Let's estimate how long each optimization takes. If each optimization takes about 1 second, then 100 restarts would take 100 seconds. But with 10 CPUs, maybe parallelizing the optimizations. However, the code as written is sequential, so it would take longer. But the user mentioned that 10 CPUs are available, so perhaps using parallel processing.

Wait, the code is supposed to run on a single CPU, as the function is called with no arguments and must return the best solution within the budget. So the code must be written in a way that it can run sequentially, but perhaps using parallel processing within the code. However, the user's code doesn't use parallel processing. So maybe the code is supposed to be sequential, and the 10 CPUs are available for other tasks, but the code itself must run within the time budget.

Therefore, the code must be optimized to run as efficiently as possible within the 100 seconds.

Another idea: the current code uses a perturbation function that adds a random uniform perturbation. Maybe using a smaller perturbation range, like ±0.1, to avoid going out of bounds.

Alternatively, using a different perturbation strategy, such as adding noise to certain parts of the function.

But perhaps the main issue is the number of restarts and the diversity of initial guesses.

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=95). Maybe trying with a different n_points could yield better results. For example, using n_points=128. But the initial_h_values is given with n=95, so maybe starting from there is better. However, if the code can handle different n_points, that could be an option.

But the user's code uses the initial_h_values, which has n_points=95. So the code must work with that.

Putting all this together, the modified code would have more restarts, better initial guesses, and possibly adjusted optimization parameters.

So, the final code would look something like this:

- Increase the number of restarts to 100.
- For each restart, generate a random initial guess or perturb the initial_h_values.
- Adjust the optimization parameters to have tighter tolerances.
- Return the best solution found.

Now, translating this into code:

The previous code had num_restarts=50. Let's increase it to 100. Also, for each restart, generate a random initial guess with a different seed. Also, perturb the initial_h_values with a smaller perturbation range.

Another possible change: in the perturb function, instead of ±0.3, use ±0.1 to avoid large changes that might violate the constraints.

Also, in the random_initial_guess function, ensure that the sum is exactly n_points/2. The current code does that by multiplying by (n_points/2)/sum(h).

Another thing: the current code uses the same initial_h_values for some restarts. Maybe varying the initial guesses more could help.

So, the code would be modified as follows:

- Increase num_restarts to 100.
- For each restart, randomly choose between generating a random initial guess, perturbing the initial_h_values, or another method.
- Adjust the optimization parameters.

Now, writing the code with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
from scipy.signal import correlate

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Assume initial_h_values is a global variable
    initial_h = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_h)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    # Define the objective function
    def objective(h):
        # Compute cross-correlation with 1 - h
        cross_corr = correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        # Find the maximum value in the cross-correlation
        max_corr = np.max(cross_corr)
        return max_corr * dx

    # Define constraints
    def constraint(h):
        return np.sum(h) - n_points / 2

    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    # Function to generate a random initial guess
    def random_initial_guess():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        # Normalize to meet the sum constraint
        h = h * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h)
        return h

    # Function to perturb the initial guess
    def perturb(h, seed=None):
        np.random.seed(seed)
        perturbation = np.random.uniform(-0.1, 0.1, size=len(h))
        return np.clip(h + perturbation, 0.0, 1.0)

    # Run multiple optimizations
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_h.copy()

    # Number of restarts
    num_restarts = 100  # Increased to 100 for more exploration

    for i in range(num_restarts):
        # Generate a random initial guess or perturb the initial_h
        if i % 3 == 0:
            # Use the initial guess with perturbation
            h_initial = perturb(initial_h, seed=seed + i)
        elif i % 3 == 1:
            # Generate a random initial guess
            h_initial = random_initial_guess()
        else:
            # Generate a random initial guess with a different seed
            h_initial = random_initial_guess()

        # Perform optimization with adjusted parameters
        result = minimize(objective, h_initial, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds, constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint}, 
                          options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-9})
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
        else:
            # If optimization fails, try the perturbed guess
            current_c5 = objective(h_initial)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = h_initial

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```