<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38092, and we need to get lower than that, ideally below 0.380876. 

First, I need to understand the problem setup. The function h is a step function over [0,2], with integral 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. Our task is to minimize this maximum value.

The previous code used a gradient-based optimization approach with SLSQP, starting from initial guesses. But maybe that's not sufficient. The user wants a different approach, perhaps using more sophisticated optimization techniques or different initializations.

Hmm, the previous code tried several initial guesses: perturbed versions of the initial solution, structured ones with pulses, and a random guess. However, maybe we can do better by using a different optimization strategy. For example, maybe using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing could escape local minima. But given the time constraints, those might be too slow. Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method with better hyperparameters.

Wait, the problem mentions that the user is allowed to use scipy, numpy, and other solvers like CVXOPT, Gurobi, etc. The previous code used SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization method could help find a better solution. But with the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, perhaps a parallel approach is feasible.

Alternatively, maybe we can model this as a convex optimization problem. But the objective function is non-convex because it's the maximum of several integrals. So convex optimization might not be directly applicable. However, maybe we can use some approximation or reformulation.

Another thought: the overlap integral for each k can be considered as a convolution. The maximum over k of the convolution of h and (1 - h). So, perhaps we can find a function h that minimizes the maximum of these convolutions. 

But how to optimize this? The previous approach used local optimization, which might get stuck in local minima. Maybe using multiple initial points and running the optimization in parallel could help. Also, perhaps using a different initial guess that's more structured.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given, which is a 47-point sample. Maybe we can try to improve upon that. The previous code tried structured initial guesses with 2 or 3 pulses, but perhaps a more optimal structure could be found.

Alternatively, maybe using a different approach like a genetic algorithm where we evolve the h function over generations, selecting those with lower C₅ values. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time constraints might be challenging, but perhaps manageable with a small population and a few generations.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a method that enforces some balance in the overlaps. For example, using a Lagrange multiplier approach to balance the different k values. But again, this might be complex.

Let me think about the constraints. The integral of h is 1, so the average value is 0.5. The function h is a step function, so it's piecewise constant. The overlap integral for each k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum of these, we need h to be such that for any shift k, the overlap is as small as possible.

Perhaps a better initial guess could be a function that has a more uniform distribution of 1s and 0s, avoiding regions where h is too high or too low. For example, a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Alternatively, maybe using a more sophisticated structured approach. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 1 or 0 in a pattern that minimizes the overlap. But how to determine this pattern?

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model this as an optimization problem where we try to minimize the maximum of several functions. This is a semi-infinite optimization problem, which is challenging. However, since the maximum is over a finite number of k values (depending on the discretization), maybe we can approximate it by considering a discrete set of k's.

But the previous code uses the full convolution, which for n_points samples would have a certain number of shifts. However, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. But maybe we can limit the shifts to a certain range, as beyond a certain point, the overlap might be negligible.

Alternatively, maybe the maximum occurs at specific k values, such as k=1, k=0.5, etc. So, perhaps focusing on those k values could help.

But how to incorporate this into the optimization? Maybe by adding constraints that the overlap for certain k's is below a certain threshold. However, this would complicate the optimization problem.

Another thought: the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could lead to better results. However, the previous code already had a tolerance of 1e-10, which might be too strict.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method which handles bounds well. Or maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the parameter space more efficiently.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the initial guesses and use a more robust optimization method. For example, using multiple initial points and running the optimization in parallel.

Wait, the user mentioned that the previous code had a C₅ of 0.381778, and the target is 0.380876. So we need to find a better solution. Let's think about how to generate better initial guesses.

The initial_h_values are given, but maybe we can generate other structured initial guesses. For example, using more pulses or different spacing. Also, perhaps using a more optimal structure, like a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged to minimize overlaps.

Another idea: the Erdős problem is related to the covering problem. The minimum overlap is related to how well the function h covers the interval without overlapping too much when shifted. So perhaps a function that is 1 in intervals spaced apart in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

For example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into three equal parts, and set h to 1 in two of them, but that might not be optimal. Alternatively, using a more complex pattern.

Alternatively, using a function that has a certain periodicity. For example, a function that is 1 for a certain fraction of the interval and 0 otherwise, but arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

But how to model this? Maybe using a Fourier series approach, but that might be complicated.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimizer like differential evolution could find a better solution. However, differential evolution is slower, but with the time budget, maybe it's feasible.

Wait, the user has 10 CPUs available, so parallel processing could be used. However, the code needs to be written in a way that can utilize multiple processes. But the previous code runs sequentially. Maybe we can run multiple optimization runs in parallel, each with different initial guesses.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using different numbers of pulses, different spacing, or even random initializations with different structures.

Also, perhaps the previous code's structured initial guesses with 2 or 3 pulses are not optimal. Maybe trying more pulses, or varying the pulse lengths and positions.

Alternatively, using a greedy approach: start with an initial guess, then iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, find the k that gives the highest overlap, then adjust h to reduce that overlap, and repeat.

But how to implement this? It might be a local search method, which could get stuck in local minima, but perhaps combined with random restarts.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can use a penalty method where we try to minimize the maximum overlap by adding a penalty term to the objective function. However, this is similar to the previous approach.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral. The current code uses np.correlate, which might be slow for large n_points. However, the user prefers smaller n_points (less than 1k), so maybe using n_points=100 or 200 would be faster.

Wait, the previous code uses n_points=47, which is the length of initial_h_values. Maybe increasing n_points could allow for a more precise function, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. However, if the initial guess is with n_points=47, maybe trying a larger n_points could lead to better results, but it's a trade-off between computation time and accuracy.

But the user's previous code uses n_points=47. Let me check the code again. The initial_h_values is given, and the code uses len(initial_h_values) as n_points. So the code is fixed to that n_points. However, maybe changing n_points could help. But the user might have a specific initial_h_values with a certain n_points. 

Alternatively, perhaps the initial_h_values is a 47-point sample, and the code is using that. So maybe trying to improve upon that with more sophisticated optimization.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different structures could lead to better results. For example, using a random initial guess, a structured guess with more pulses, or a guess that is a combination of different patterns.

Also, the previous code uses a noise level of 0.02 and 0.05 for perturbing the initial guess. Maybe adjusting these noise levels could help in exploring the solution space better.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is suitable for bound-constrained problems. Or using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method, which doesn't require gradients.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a sequential quadratic programming method. Maybe switching to a different method could yield better results.

Another thought: the objective function is the maximum of several integrals. To minimize this maximum, perhaps we can use a method that directly targets this maximum. For example, using a gradient descent approach where we track the maximum and adjust the function to reduce it.

But how to compute the gradient of the maximum? That's non-trivial. However, if we can approximate the gradient, maybe we can use a gradient-based method.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective optimization approach where we try to minimize all the overlap integrals simultaneously. But this is again a non-convex problem.

Hmm. Let's think about the previous code's approach. It uses several initial guesses and runs optimization on each, then takes the best result. The problem is that the optimization might get stuck in local minima. To improve this, perhaps we can use a more robust optimization method, or use a different way to generate initial guesses.

Another idea: instead of using a single initial guess, use a population-based approach where multiple candidate solutions are evolved. For example, using a genetic algorithm where each individual is a candidate h function, and we evolve them by mutation and crossover, selecting those with lower C₅ values. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time budget might be challenging, but given that the user has 10 CPUs, perhaps parallel processing could help.

But given the time constraints, maybe it's better to stick with a local optimization approach but with better initial guesses and optimization parameters.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code defines generate_perturbed_initial and generate_structured_initial functions. Maybe we can enhance these functions to generate better initial guesses.

For example, instead of using 2 or 3 pulses, maybe using a more optimal number of pulses. Or using a different pattern, like a sinusoidal function, but since h is a step function, that's not applicable. Alternatively, using a function that has a certain symmetry.

Another approach: since the integral of h is 1, the average value is 0.5. So, the function h is a step function that is 1 for half of the interval and 0 for the other half. But to minimize the overlap, we need to arrange the 1s and 0s in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

This is similar to the problem of finding a set of points that are as spread out as possible. For example, if we have a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart, then shifting it would result in less overlap.

So, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced in a way that their shifted versions don't overlap much. For example, if the function is 1 on intervals of length L, spaced by S, then the overlap when shifted by k would depend on L and S.

But how to determine L and S? For example, if we have two intervals of length L, spaced by S, then the overlap when shifted by k would depend on the distance between the intervals. However, this is a simplified model.

Alternatively, considering the problem for a continuous function, the optimal h would be a function that is 1 on intervals that are as spread out as possible. For example, in the case of the Erdős problem, the optimal function is known to be a certain periodic function, but since we're dealing with a step function, perhaps a similar approach can be used.

But how to translate this into a step function with a given number of points?

Maybe using a more structured initial guess, such as dividing the interval into equal parts and setting h to 1 in certain parts. For example, if we divide [0,2] into m equal intervals, and set h to 1 in n of them, such that the total integral is 1. Then, the choice of which intervals to set to 1 would affect the overlap.

But this is similar to the previous structured initial guesses. Maybe trying different values of m and n could lead to better results.

Another idea: since the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx, this can be rewritten as the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) dx is 1, the overlap integral becomes 1 - integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx over k.

So, the problem becomes finding h that maximizes the minimum of the cross-correlation between h and itself. This is an interesting perspective. So, we want h to have high cross-correlation with itself for as many shifts as possible, but this seems counterintuitive. Wait, no: the overlap integral is 1 - cross-correlation. So, to minimize the overlap integral, we want to maximize the cross-correlation. Wait, no: the overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx = integral h(x) dx - integral h(x)h(x + k) dx = 1 - integral h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the cross-correlation integral for each k. So, our goal is to find h that maximizes the minimum cross-correlation over all k. 

This is a different way to look at the problem. So, the problem is equivalent to finding a function h that has high cross-correlation with itself for all shifts k. This might suggest that h should be a function with high self-similarity, but that seems conflicting. Wait, no. Because for certain shifts, the cross-correlation could be high, but we want to maximize the minimum cross-correlation. So, the function h should be such that when shifted by any k, the overlap (cross-correlation) is as high as possible. But this seems like it's the opposite of what we want. Wait, no. Let me recheck:

The overlap integral is 1 - cross-correlation. So, minimizing the overlap integral (which is our goal) is equivalent to maximizing the cross-correlation. Therefore, the problem is to find h that maximizes the minimum cross-correlation over all shifts k. This is a bit confusing. 

Wait, the original problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. Since overlap integral = 1 - cross-correlation, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum cross-correlation. So, we want h to have high cross-correlation for all shifts k. But how can that be? Because if h is a constant function, then the cross-correlation is 1 for all k. But h is constrained to have integral 1, so it can't be constant. 

This suggests that the optimal h is a function that is as "spread out" as possible, such that when shifted, the overlap is maximized. But this seems contradictory. Maybe I made a mistake in the derivation.

Let me re-derive:

Overlap integral = ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx 

= ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx 

= 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx 

So, to minimize the overlap integral, we need to maximize ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx for each k. Therefore, the problem is equivalent to finding h that maximizes the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over all k. 

But this seems counterintuitive. For example, if h is a function that is 1 on a single interval and 0 elsewhere, then shifting it by k would result in a cross-correlation that depends on the overlap between the interval and its shifted version. To maximize the minimum cross-correlation, we need to arrange h such that for any shift k, the overlap between h and its shifted version is as large as possible. 

This suggests that the optimal h is a function that is as "uniform" as possible, so that shifting it doesn't cause too much reduction in overlap. However, this is a bit vague. 

But perhaps this perspective can help in designing a better initial guess. For example, if we can find a function h that is as uniform as possible, with high self-similarity, then the cross-correlation would be high for many shifts. 

But how to achieve this with a step function? One approach is to use a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced in a way that their shifted versions overlap as much as possible. For example, using a function that is 1 on intervals that are periodically spaced. 

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals of length L, spaced by S, such that the overlap when shifted by certain amounts is maximized. 

But this is getting too abstract. Let's think about how to improve the initial guesses. 

The previous code used structured initial guesses with 2 or 3 pulses. Maybe trying more pulses, or varying the spacing, could lead to better results. For example, using a function that has multiple pulses arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. 

Another idea: the current best C₅ is around 0.38, which is close to 1/2.63. Maybe there's a known optimal structure for this problem. However, I'm not aware of it, so I'll have to proceed with heuristic methods.

Let me think about the code again. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could help. Also, using different optimization methods. 

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a method that iteratively adjusts the function to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, find the k that gives the highest overlap, then adjust h to reduce that overlap. This is a greedy approach and might get stuck in local minima, but it could be combined with random restarts.

But how to implement this? For example, in each iteration, compute the maximum overlap, then find the region where h(x) is contributing most to this overlap, and adjust it. However, this requires knowing which parts of h are causing the high overlap, which might be complex.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method where the gradient is computed with respect to the overlap integral. However, the overlap integral is the maximum over k, so the gradient would be the gradient of the maximum function, which is non-smooth. This complicates things.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the initial guesses and use a more robust optimization method. 

Let me think about the previous code's initial guesses. It generates perturbed versions of the initial solution, structured guesses with 2 or 3 pulses, and a random guess. Maybe generating more structured guesses with different numbers of pulses or varying the pulse positions could help.

For example, instead of using fixed pulse lengths, perhaps varying the pulse lengths and positions to find a better structure. 

Another idea: use a more sophisticated structured guess, such as a function that has a certain number of pulses arranged in a way that their shifted versions overlap minimally. For example, using a function that has pulses spaced at intervals that are multiples of some base value. 

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 in intervals that are as spread out as possible. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into m equal parts, and selecting n parts to set to 1, such that the total integral is 1. The choice of which parts to select would affect the overlap.

But how to choose m and n? For example, if m=47 (the initial n_points), then n would be 23.5, which is not possible. So, perhaps m is the number of intervals, and n is the number of intervals set to 1. 

But this is similar to the previous structured initial guesses. 

Another thought: perhaps the initial_h_values is already a good guess, and we can try to improve it by using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is better for certain types of problems. 

Alternatively, using a different optimization library, like using CVXOPT for quadratic programming, but the problem is non-convex. 

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the parameter space more efficiently. 

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use different optimization methods, generate more diverse initial guesses, and adjust the hyperparameters.

So, here's a plan for the new code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point, but also generate other initial guesses with different structures.
2. Use a different optimization method, like 'L-BFGS-B' or 'COBYLA', which might handle the problem better.
3. Increase the number of initial guesses and diversify them.
4. Use a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral, perhaps by precomputing certain values.
5. Use parallel processing to run multiple optimizations in parallel, each with different initial guesses.
6. Adjust the optimization parameters, such as increasing the number of iterations or changing the tolerance.

Let me think about implementing this in code. 

First, generating more initial guesses. The previous code generated structured guesses with 2 or 3 pulses. Maybe adding more structured guesses with different numbers of pulses, or varying the pulse lengths and positions. 

For example, generate structured guesses with 4 pulses, or with varying spacing. 

Also, generating random initial guesses with different structures. 

Next, using a different optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP. Maybe switching to 'L-BFGS-B' or 'COBYLA' could yield better results. 

Also, adjusting the optimization parameters, such as increasing the maximum number of iterations or decreasing the tolerance. 

Another idea: since the overlap integral is the maximum over k, perhaps we can approximate this maximum by evaluating it at a discrete set of k values. For example, instead of computing the full convolution, evaluate it at certain k values that are likely to give the maximum. This could reduce the computational cost and allow for more efficient optimization. 

But how to choose these k values? For example, evaluating at k=0.5, 1.0, 1.5, etc., or at k values that are multiples of dx. 

However, the previous code uses the full convolution, which computes all possible k. This might be computationally expensive, but with n_points=47, it's manageable. 

Another idea: using a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral. For example, precomputing the shifted versions of h and calculating the integrals. But this is what np.correlate does. 

So, perhaps the main improvements are in the initial guesses and the optimization method.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code defines generate_perturbed_initial and generate_structured_initial. To generate more initial guesses, perhaps adding more structured guesses with different numbers of pulses, or using a different pattern. 

For example, generate structured guesses with 2, 3, 4 pulses, each with different spacing. 

Also, using a random initial guess with a different structure. 

In terms of optimization, switching to 'L-BFGS-B' or 'COBYLA' might help. 

Another idea: using a multi-start approach with different optimization methods. 

Now, let's outline the code changes:

- Generate more initial guesses, including structured ones with different numbers of pulses.
- Use a different optimization method, like 'L-BFGS-B'.
- Increase the number of iterations or adjust the tolerance.
- Use parallel processing by running multiple optimizations in parallel, each with different initial guesses.

But how to implement parallel processing in the code? The previous code runs sequentially. However, with the given code structure, it's not straightforward. However, the user mentioned that there are 10 CPUs available, so perhaps using multiprocessing to run multiple optimizations in parallel. 

But given that the code is to be written in a single function, and the user's code is to be self-contained, perhaps using the 'concurrent.futures' module to run multiple optimization tasks in parallel. 

However, the previous code uses a for loop over initial_guesses and runs each optimization sequentially. To parallelize, we can use a ThreadPoolExecutor or ProcessPoolExecutor to run the optimizations in parallel. 

This would allow us to run multiple optimizations at the same time, which could save time and potentially find a better solution. 

So, the revised plan is:

1. Generate a diverse set of initial guesses, including structured ones with different numbers of pulses and random guesses.
2. Use a more efficient optimization method, such as 'L-BFGS-B' or 'COBYLA'.
3. Run the optimizations in parallel using multiprocessing.
4. Track the best solution found within the time budget.

Now, let's think about implementing this in code.

First, generating more initial guesses. Let's create a function that generates structured initial guesses with varying numbers of pulses. For example, generate guesses with 2, 3, 4, and 5 pulses. 

Then, use a different optimization method. For example, using 'L-BFGS-B' which is suitable for bound-constrained problems. 

Also, adjust the optimization parameters, such as increasing the maximum number of iterations and decreasing the tolerance.

Finally, use multiprocessing to run the optimizations in parallel.

But how to handle the time budget? The code needs to track the elapsed time and stop when it exceeds the budget.

Putting this all together, here's the revised code:

- Generate multiple initial guesses with different structures.
- Use a different optimization method.
- Run optimizations in parallel.
- Track the best solution found.

Now, let's code this.

First, import necessary modules. The previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize, so we'll need that. Also, for parallel processing, we'll need concurrent.futures.

Then, define the initial guesses. The previous code had generate_perturbed_initial and generate_structured_initial. We can enhance these functions to generate more guesses.

Next, define the run function. It will generate initial guesses, run optimizations in parallel, and return the best solution.

But the code must be self-contained and fit within the time budget.

Another consideration: the previous code uses a fixed n_points, which is the length of initial_h_values. So, we'll keep that.

Now, let's proceed to write the code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
from scipy.interpolate import interp1d
from concurrent.futures import ThreadPoolExecutor
import time

def generate_perturbed_initial(h, noise_level=0.05):
    perturbed = h + noise_level * np.random.randn(len(h))
    perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0.0, 1.0)
    return perturbed

def generate_structured_initial(n_points, num_pulses=2):
    structured = np.zeros(n_points)
    pulse_length = 1.0 / num_pulses
    spacing = (2.0 - num_pulses * pulse_length) / (num_pulses - 1)
    for i in range(num_pulses):
        start = i * (pulse_length + spacing) if i > 0 else 0.0
        end = start + pulse_length
        idx_start = int(start / (2.0 / n_points))
        idx_end = int(end / (2.0 / n_points))
        structured[idx_start:idx_end] = 1.0
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    current_sum = np.sum(structured)
    scaling_factor = target_sum / current_sum
    structured *= scaling_factor
    return structured

def evaluate_overlap(h):
    dx = 2.0 / len(h)
    corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr)
    return max_corr * dx

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    
    initial_guesses = [initial_h_values]
    initial_guesses.append(generate_perturbed_initial(initial_h_values, noise_level=0.02))
    initial_guesses.append(generate_perturbed_initial(initial_h_values, noise_level=0.05))
    for pulses in [2, 3, 4, 5]:
        initial_guesses.append(generate_structured_initial(n_points, num_pulses=pulses))
    initial_guesses.append(np.random.rand(n_points))
    
    # Normalize random initial guess
    random_initial = initial_guesses[-1]
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    current_sum = np.sum(random_initial)
    scaling_factor = target_sum / current_sum
    random_initial *= scaling_factor
    random_initial = np.clip(random_initial, 0.0, 1.0)
    initial_guesses[-1] = random_initial
    
    best_h = None
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def optimize(guess):
        def objective(h):
            return evaluate_overlap(h)
        
        A_eq = np.ones(n_points)
        b_eq = n_points / 2
        cons = [({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - b_eq})]
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        
        result = minimize(objective, guess, method='L-BFGS-B', bounds=bounds, constraints=cons,
                          tol=1e-8, options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'gtol': 1e-8})
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            return (current_c5, result.x)
        return (float('inf'), guess)
    
    with ThreadPoolExecutor(max_workers=10) as executor:
        futures = [executor.submit(optimize, guess) for guess in initial_guesses]
        for future in futures:
            elapsed = time.time() - start_time
            if elapsed >= budget_s:
                break
            result = future.result()
            current_c5, current_h = result
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = current_h
    
    if best_h is None:
        best_h = initial_h_values
        best_c5 = evaluate_overlap(best_h)
    
    return (best_h, best_c5, n_points)
```