<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and my goal is to get lower than that, like 0.3807. Let me think about how to approach this.

The problem requires finding a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h(x) is between 0 and 1. The overlap integral is computed using the correlation of h with 1-h, and then multiplied by dx (which is 2/n_points). 

The previous approach used a gradient-based optimization with L-BFGS and SLSQP, but it might be getting stuck in local minima. So, maybe I can try a different approach, like a more global optimization strategy or a better initialization.

First, let's consider the mathematical formulation. The objective is to minimize the maximum value of the integral over all lags k. The integral is essentially the convolution of h and (1-h), but since we're looking at all possible lags, it's the full correlation. 

The challenge is that this is a non-convex optimization problem because of the products and maxima involved. So, direct convex optimization isn't feasible. The previous method tried using local search with perturbations, which might not be sufficient. 

Maybe using a genetic algorithm or another population-based method could help explore the solution space more effectively, but with the time budget of 600 seconds, that might be too slow. Alternatively, maybe I can use a more structured approach, like using symmetry or specific patterns in h that could reduce the maximum overlap.

Another thought: the problem is similar to covering the interval [0,2] with intervals where h is 1 and 0, such that the overlap with shifted versions is minimized. For example, if h is a union of intervals that are as spread out as possible. This might be similar to optimal covering or packing problems.

Wait, in the previous code, the initial construction is given, which is a 45-point array. Maybe I can start from that and try to refine it using a different optimization strategy. However, the previous approach used a local search with perturbations and solver-based optimization. 

Perhaps using a different optimization method, like a simulated annealing approach, could help escape local minima. Simulated annealing allows for random perturbations and can explore a wider area. However, the implementation might be more complex. Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient local optimization method with better initial guesses.

Another angle: the overlap integral for a given lag k is the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)). Since the integral of h is 1, when k is zero, the integral becomes the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x)) which is the variance of h, but since h is a step function, perhaps this is not directly applicable. But for non-zero lags, it's the integral over x where x and x+k are both in [0,2], so the overlap is limited.

To minimize the maximum over all k, the h function needs to be structured so that for any shift, the overlapping regions between h and 1-h are as small as possible. This might involve creating a function that's periodic or has certain symmetries, but given the interval [0,2], it's not straightforward.

Perhaps, instead of using a random initialization, I can design h to be a combination of intervals that are spaced out. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments and setting h to 1 in those segments, such that the overlap with any shift is minimized. 

But how to model that? Let's think about the uniform case. If h is a uniform distribution, the overlap for any k would be (1 - mean) where mean is the overlap between the densities. But since h is step function, maybe not. 

Alternatively, considering that the optimal solution for C₅ is known to be around 0.38... which is close to 1/(sqrt(2)) or something similar. But I need to construct a function h that achieves this.

Wait, the initial solution may have some structure that can be modified. Let me think about the previous code's approach. It starts with initial_h_values and then perturbs around that, using L-BFGS and SLSQP. But perhaps the initial solution is a good starting point, and I can try to use a better optimization strategy.

Maybe using a combination of global and local search. For example, first using a genetic algorithm to explore the space, then refining with local optimization. However, with 600 seconds, I need to be efficient.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum correlation, perhaps using a randomly sampled set of points and then convolving them. But again, not sure.

Alternatively, maybe using a surrogate function. For example, approximating the max of the correlation with a differentiable function, which can then be optimized with gradient-based methods. But the max is non-differentiable, so this would require a smoothing approximation.

Wait, the previous code uses the max of the correlation and then minimizes that. That's correct. But the objective is non-convex and has multiple local minima. So, maybe trying different initial points or using a different optimization algorithm could help.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem where we need to distribute the '1's in h such that overlapping with any shifted version is minimized. So, perhaps a better way is to model this as a pattern with certain distance between the activated intervals. For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are spaced as far apart as possible, their shifted versions would have minimal overlap.

But how to translate this into a function over [0,2]?

Alternatively, considering that the optimal C₅ is achieved by certain periodic functions. For example, if the function is periodic with period 1, then h(x) could be 1 on [0, 0.5] and 0 on [0.5, 1], then repeating. However, the integral would be 0.5, but the total integral over [0,2] would be 1. However, the overlap for a lag of 0.5 would be 0.5 * 0.5 = 0.25. But maybe this isn't optimal.

But wait, the integral of h(x) is 1 over [0,2]. If I create intervals that are spaced out, like three intervals of length 0.666... each, spaced apart. But how to compute this?

Alternatively, consider the function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that maximizes the minimum separation. For example, if h is 1 on [0, a], [b, c], [d, e], etc., such that the distance between the intervals is chosen to minimize overlap. However, with a continuous interval [0,2], perhaps using multiple intervals.

But how to model this in a step function? Maybe using a combination of intervals with certain lengths and gaps. 

However, given the initial code starts with a 45-point array, perhaps it's easier to start with that and try to refine it using a different optimization approach.

Another idea: instead of perturbing individual points, maybe using a more structured perturbation, like changing entire segments of h. For example, if h has some regions where it is 1, and others where it's 0, maybe adjusting the lengths or positions of those regions.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem? Perhaps considering the h as a binary vector with certain lengths, but then the optimization becomes a combinatorial problem, which is hard.

Alternatively, using a continuous optimization where h is represented as a piecewise function and the positions and widths are variables. However, with 45 points, the initial approach of using a sampled function is more practical.

Wait, the previous code uses a gradient-based method. Maybe using a different solver, like COBYLA, which can handle bounds and constraints more efficiently? Or maybe using a different optimization strategy, like trust-region methods.

Another approach is to use the fact that the maximum of the correlation can be approximated by a certain value, and then use a two-stage optimization: first approximate the optimal value, then refine with more precise methods.

Alternatively, using a more efficient initialization. The current initial_h_values might not be the best possible. If I can generate a better starting point, the optimization would be more effective.

For example, maybe constructing a function h that is 1 on intervals spaced with certain distances. Let me think: if I divide [0,2] into three intervals of equal length, each of length 2/3. Then, if h is 1 on the first and third interval, but overlap with a shift of 2/3 would be the overlap between the first and third interval. But this could lead to higher overlap.

Alternatively, maybe using a checkerboard pattern but more spread out. 

But how to model this? Maybe using a modular function. For example, if I define h(x) as a periodic function with certain properties. However, since the interval is [0,2], it's not straightforward.

Another angle: the correlation integral for a lag k is the integral over x of h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)). For each k, this is equivalent to the integral over the overlapping region between h and 1-h shifted by k. 

To minimize the maximum over k, the function h should be designed such that for any shift k, the overlapping area between h and (1-h) is as small as possible. This seems similar to the concept of a set of points being as spread out as possible, except in a continuous setting.

If I think of h as a set of points where h(x) is 1, then the overlap for a shift k would be the measure of x where x is in the support of h and x + k is in the support of h. Wait, no: the overlap integral is h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, for x where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0, the term is 1 * 1 = 1. Where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 1, the term is 0. Where h(x) is 0, the term is 0. So the integral is the measure of x where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0, plus contributions from other overlaps. But this is complicated.

Alternatively, perhaps for a given k, the maximum integral is the measure of the overlap between the support of h and the complement of the shifted support of h. But I'm not sure.

In any case, the problem seems challenging, and the previous approach is a local search with some perturbations. To improve, perhaps I can:

1. Use a different initialization method that is more likely to lead to a good solution.
2. Use a more efficient optimization technique, like using a global optimization algorithm with some directed search.
3. Adjust the hyperparameters of the optimization to avoid getting stuck in local minima.
4. Use a combination of different optimization strategies (e.g., initial global search, then local refinement).

Since the previous code used a local search around an initial guess, maybe the initial guess is not good enough. So, perhaps generating a better initial guess is key. For example, creating a construction that spreads out the 1's as much as possible.

Another idea: if we model the problem as placing n intervals of total length 1 (since the integral is 1) on [0,2], and arrange them such that the overlap with any shifted version is minimized. This is similar to a covering problem but in reverse.

In such a scenario, the optimal arrangement might involve placing intervals as far apart as possible. For example, placing them spaced such that the distance between any two intervals is maximized. However, with the constraint that the total length of h is 1 over [0,2].

But how to compute that? For example, if the intervals are placed symmetrically. For instance, if we have two intervals each of length 0.5, spaced 1 unit apart. But the total length is 1, which fits into [0,2]. However, shifting by 1 unit would overlap these two intervals, leading to some overlap integral.

Alternatively, three intervals each of length 1/3, spaced evenly. Then, the distance between the ends of the intervals is maximized.

But I'm not sure how to translate this into a function h. Perhaps the initial guess is a 45-point array with certain patterns, but I need to find a way to generate better initial points.

Another idea is to use a distributed approach, where the initial h is a set of points that are as evenly spaced as possible. For example, placing the 1's in h at positions that are uniformly distributed. For instance, if the total length of 1's is 1, then the h(x) can be modeled as a histogram where the 1's are spread out over the interval.

But with a step function, each sample point can be either 0 or 1. So, the initial construction might have been a histogram with 1's at certain positions. To spread them out, maybe the initial points are chosen as uniformly spaced as possible.

Alternatively, using a randomized initialization where the positions of the 1's are sampled with certain spacing constraints. But this would require generating an initial h that is feasible and then optimizing from there.

Another approach is to use a simulated annealing algorithm. Starting from a random initial h that satisfies the constraints, and then iteratively perturbing the function, accepting changes that improve the objective or with some probability even if they don't. This could help explore a wider area, but might be computationally intensive.

However, given the time budget of 600 seconds, it's important to balance exploration and exploitation. Simulated annealing might be too slow for large n_points, but with n=45, it might be manageable.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidates, but again, with time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Back to the previous approach: the initial code starts with the given initial_h_values, which is a 45-point array. Maybe I can improve upon that by using a different optimization strategy.

Perhaps instead of using L-BFGS and SLSQP, which are local methods, I can use a more global method. For example, using the differential evolution algorithm, which is a global optimization method that's less likely to get stuck in local minima. Differential evolution is suitable for bound-constrained and constrained optimization problems.

So, the plan is to use differential evolution to optimize the h vector. The key steps would be:

- Represent h as a vector of 0s and 1s, or allowing for continuous values between 0 and 1 with constraints on the sum.
- Define the objective function as the maximum correlation over all lags.
- Use differential evolution to minimize this objective.
- Ensure that the sum of h is exactly n_points / 2, which can be handled with a constraint or by rescaling during optimization.

But differential evolution can be slow for high-dimensional problems. For n=45, it's 45 variables, which may be manageable within 600 seconds.

Another consideration is that the previous code used perturbations and local optimization, but maybe differential evolution would explore the space more effectively.

Another idea: since the objective is to minimize the maximum correlation, perhaps using a soft constraint approach where the correlations are minimized in a smooth way. For example, using a penalty function that adds a term for each correlation, and then minimizing the sum of these terms. However, this would change the problem and may not guarantee the same maximum.

But if the optimizer can find a solution that minimizes all the individual correlations, it might lead to a better overall maximum. However, this is a heuristic and may not yield the correct result.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model, like a neural network, to approximate the objective and then optimize that. But this is more complex and requires training, which may not fit within the time budget.

So, the main plan is to use differential evolution for optimization, starting from the initial_h_values, and then refine the solution. This approach could potentially find a better minimum than the previous local search.

Another thing to consider is the initial setup of the differential evolution. The bounds for each h[i] are between 0 and 1, and the constraint is that the sum is fixed. The differential evolution can handle constraints by using a constraint-handling method, such as the penalty method, or by using a transformation to enforce the constraint.

Wait, in the previous code, the sum is enforced by rescaling the h vector after each perturbation. This can be problematic, as clipping and rescaling may not maintain feasibility. So, perhaps using a more robust method to enforce the sum constraint, like a projection operator.

Alternatively, during the optimization, the sum can be enforced by adjusting the parameters to satisfy the constraint. For example, in each iteration, if the sum of h is not equal to n_points / 2, we can adjust one or more points to correct the sum. This could be done by scaling the current h vector to the required sum, but since h[i] must stay within [0,1], this scaling may not be possible. Hence, a better approach is to use a constraint-handling method.

In scipy's differential evolution, you can use the bounds and constraints. But how to handle the sum constraint? It can be modeled as an equality constraint. For example, the sum of h must be equal to n_points / 2. This can be added as an equality constraint in the optimization problem.

So, the plan would be:

- Define the variables as h[i] for i in 0..n_points-1.
- Define the objective function as the maximum of the correlation between h and 1-h.
- Define the constraint sum(h) = n_points / 2.
- Use differential evolution to minimize the objective function under these constraints.

However, scipy's differential evolution may not handle equality constraints directly. Alternatively, use a penalty function that penalizes deviations from the sum constraint.

Another approach is to use the SLSQP method in scipy.optimize, which can handle both bounds and constraints. This might be more efficient.

But for a large number of variables (n=45), the SLSQP method could be slow, but with some tuning, maybe it's feasible.

So, the revised plan is to use a global optimization method like differential evolution with a penalty function for the sum constraint, or use SLSQP with tight constraints.

Alternatively, use the initial approach but with differential evolution as the optimizer. For example, instead of using L-BFGS-B and SLSQP, switch to differential evolution for global search, and then refine with a local optimizer.

But given the time constraints, maybe a better approach is to use a combination of initial optimization with a better initialization.

Wait, the initial_h_values is already given. If I start from that and use differential evolution, perhaps I can find a better local minimum. 

So, the steps would be:

1. Use the given initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Use a global optimization algorithm (like differential evolution) to minimize the maximum correlation, subject to the constraint that the sum of h is exactly n_points / 2.
3. Once a local minimum is found, use a local optimization method (like L-BFGS) to refine the solution further.
4. Keep track of the best solution found during the optimization process.

This approach combines global and local search, which can help avoid local minima.

Another consideration is the evaluation of the objective function. The correlation computation is expensive, so it's important to optimize that part. In the previous code, the correlation is computed as np.correlate, which is efficient. But in the new code, it's important to ensure that this is done correctly.

Another idea: since the correlation is over all lags, the maximum value is the one that determines the C₅. So, even if some lags have low correlation, the one with the highest needs to be minimized. Therefore, the objective function is the maximum of the computed correlations.

To implement this, the code would need to compute the full correlation, and then take the maximum value, then multiply by dx.

So, in the optimization, the objective function is the maximum correlation value.

Now, considering all that, the plan is to use a global optimization strategy that can explore the parameter space more thoroughly, then refine with a local search.

But how to implement this in code, especially with the given time and resource constraints?

Another thing to note is that the previous code used a perturbation approach, which might have been too local. To improve, I need to explore more diverse solutions.

So, the strategy would involve:

- Starting from the initial_h_values.
- Using a global optimization method (like differential evolution) to explore the solution space.
- Using a local optimization method to refine the best solution found.
- Enforcing the sum constraint through a penalty or equality constraint.

Additionally, using a better initialization. For example, generating an initial h that spreads the 1's more evenly. 

For instance, if the initial h is designed to have 1's at evenly spaced points. For example, if the total length of 1's is 1, then maybe spacing them with a certain interval. However, with a discrete set of points (n_points=45), this might not be straightforward. But perhaps the initial_h_values is already optimized for that.

Another consideration is the evaluation of the objective function. For each candidate h, the code computes the correlation between h and 1-h, then takes the maximum value. This is the correct approach, but it's important to implement it efficiently.

In the previous code, the correlation is computed as np.correlate(h_, 1 - h_, mode='full'), then the maximum value is taken. The dx is 2.0 / n_points. This seems correct.

Now, the code should use a more effective optimization approach, such as differential evolution or a similar global method.

But with scipy's differential evolution, the key is to set up the problem correctly.

For example, define the objective function as the maximum correlation, and the equality constraint sum(h) = n_points / 2.

But scipy's differential evolution may not handle equality constraints directly. So, a common approach is to use a penalty method, where the objective function includes a penalty term for violations of the sum constraint. However, this can lead to large values that dominate the objective function. Alternatively, use a Lagrange multiplier approach, but that can be complex.

An alternative approach is to use a transformation that enforces the sum constraint. For example, if we parameterize h in terms of a vector that sums to 1, but this may not be directly applicable.

Alternatively, during each iteration, after obtaining a candidate h, we can adjust it to meet the sum constraint. For example, if the sum is not exactly n_points / 2, we can scale all elements by (n_points / 2) / sum(h). However, this can lead to values exceeding the [0,1] bounds if some elements are already 0 or 1.

To avoid this, a more robust approach is to project the vector onto the feasible region. For example, during the optimization, whenever the candidate h is generated, ensure that the sum is exactly n_points / 2, and the individual elements are within [0,1]. This can be done by scaling the vector after clipping the values to [0,1].

But this may not always be possible. So, during the optimization steps, after computing the candidate h, we need to ensure that the sum is correct. For example, in each iteration:

- Take the candidate h.
- Clip each h[i] to [0,1].
- Compute the sum of the clipped h.
- If the sum is not equal to n_points / 2, scale the h values to achieve this sum.

This method ensures that the sum constraint is met, and individual values are within bounds. However, clipping can introduce errors, and scaling might push some values outside the [0,1] range. Therefore, a more accurate method is needed.

An alternative is to use a constrained optimization method that can handle the equality constraint directly. For example, using the SLSQP method in scipy.optimize.minimize, which can handle both bounds and equality constraints.

So, the plan is to use SLSQP with the equality constraint sum(h) = n_points / 2, and bounds for each h[i] in [0,1].

This would be more efficient than differential evolution for a problem with a moderate number of variables (n=45), and with a good initial guess, SLSQP can converge to a better solution.

In the previous code, the optimization used L-BFGS-B and SLSQP with perturbations. Perhaps the issue was with the initial guess not being sufficient. So, using a more robust initial guess, such as a randomly generated one that satisfies the constraints, could help.

But given that the initial_h_values is provided, it's better to start with that and use SLSQP with the constraints.

So, putting this together, the steps for the code would be:

1. Load the initial_h_values and adjust them to meet the sum constraint, if necessary.

2. Define the objective function as the maximum of the full correlation between h and 1-h, multiplied by dx.

3. Define the constraint sum(h) = n_points / 2.

4. Use scipy.optimize.minimize with the SLSQP method, using the initial guess and the constraints.

5. If the optimization fails or doesn't improve enough, use a perturbation approach to modify the solution and try again.

6. Track the best solution found and return it.

To make this more efficient:

- Use a more sophisticated initial guess. If the initial_h_values doesn't meet the sum constraint, adjust it by scaling.
- Use a small number of optimization steps but with a tight convergence tolerance.
- Include additional optimization steps, such as using a global search method to find better initial guesses, but with time constraints, this might be too slow.

Alternatively, use a combination of a global and local search: first perform a few steps of differential evolution to explore the space, then refine with SLSQP.

But with the time budget of 600 seconds, it's important to optimize the code for speed.

In the previous code, the optimization steps were repeated with perturbations and local solvers. Perhaps the new approach can be more efficient by using the SLSQP method directly with the constraints, leveraging its capability to handle the equality constraint.

Additionally, using a better initial guess by adjusting the initial_h_values to meet the sum constraint. For example:

initial_h_values = initial_h_values * (target_sum / np.sum(initial_h_values))

But this might push some values beyond the 0-1 range. To handle this, clip the values and scale again if necessary.

Once the initial guess is adjusted, the optimization can proceed with SLSQP.

Another consideration is the computation of the correlation. Since this is a costly operation, it's important to compute it efficiently. The current code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which computes the full cross-correlation, which is correct.

Now, considering all this, the revised code would:

- Start with the provided initial_h_values.
- Adjust the initial guess to meet the sum constraint.
- Use scipy.optimize.minimize with the SLSQP method to minimize the maximum correlation.
- If needed, perform additional refinement steps.
- Return the best solution found.

This approach should be more effective than the previous one, as SLSQP can handle the constraints better and find a more optimal solution.

But I need to ensure that the objective function is correctly implemented. The maximum of the correlation values is the objective to minimize.

So, the code would define the objective function as:

def obj(h):
    h_clip = np.clip(h, 0, 1)
    corr = np.correlate(h_clip, 1 - h_clip, mode='full')
    return np.max(corr) * dx

Then, the constraint is:

cons = [{'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum}]

Now, in the code, the SLSQP method would be used with these constraints.

Potential issues:

- The objective function may not be smooth or differentiable, which could affect the convergence of SLSQP. However, since the objective is a maximum of a set of linear functions (the correlation values), it's non-smooth, which can be challenging.

But SLSQP requires the gradient of the objective. If the objective is non-differentiable, the gradient may not be accurate, leading to poor convergence. So, this approach might not work well.

Alternatively, use a method that can handle non-smooth objectives, such as a derivative-free optimization method like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm. However, this is another consideration.

But given time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to proceed with SLSQP and see if it converges, even if the objective is non-smooth. Otherwise, resort to a different optimization method.

Another idea: approximate the maximum correlation using a Gaussian smoothing. This would allow the objective to be differentiable and smoother, facilitating the use of gradient-based methods. However, this would need careful implementation and may not preserve the exact value of the original objective.

But given the time and resource constraints, it's unclear if this is feasible.

In conclusion, the best approach within the time and code constraints is to use a constrained optimization method that can handle the equality constraint and bounds, such as SLSQP, but considering the non-smooth nature of the objective, it might be challenging.

Thus, the revised code would:

- Start with the initial_h_values, adjust to meet the sum constraint.
- Use SLSQP with the constraint and bounds.
- Track the best solution found.
- Return the best solution.

Additionally, include some perturbations or multiple optimization runs to escape local minima if needed.

So, the code will be structured as follows:

1. Load initial_h_values.
2. Adjust initial_h_values to meet the sum constraint by clipping and scaling.
3. Define the objective function as the maximum correlation.
4. Define the constraint.
5. Use SLSQP to minimize the objective, with the initial guess.
6. If the optimization is not successful, attempt perturbations and re-optimization.
7. Return the best solution found.

This approach could potentially yield a better C₅ bound than the previous method, by leveraging the SLSQP method's ability to handle constraints.

Another point to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. In the previous code, it's computed using np.correlate, which is efficient. However, for large n_points, this could be time-consuming. But with n=45, it's manageable.

Finally, to ensure that the solution meets the constraints, the code should include a mechanism to clip the h values and scale them to meet the sum constraint after each optimization step. This would prevent the values from going out of bounds.

This is a detailed plan, and I'll now structure it into the required manuscript with the six sections as specified.
</think>

<strategy>
1. Approach and rationale
We aim to improve the current upper bound of C₅ by exploring a more effective optimization strategy that explicitly handles the non-convexity of the problem. The previous approach relied on local perturbations with gradient-based solvers, which can easily get trapped in suboptimal local minima. Instead, we employ a combination of global and local search methods with a focus on constraint handling and efficient exploration of the solution space. By leveraging a constrained optimization approach with proper transforms and seeding, we aim to find a better C₅ bound than 0.381022.

2. Mathematical specification
The variables are represented as a discrete vector h ∈ [0,1]^n_length with the constraint ∑h = n_length / 2. The objective function is defined as:
C₅ = max_k ( ∫₀² h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx ) 
where the integral is approximated by the discrete correlation np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full') * dx. The constraints are:
- 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 for all i
- ∑h = n_length / 2

We use the SLSQP optimizer from scipy.optimize to minimize C₅ with constraints. The constraint is enforced via a penalty function that scales h to meet the required sum. The gradient of the objective is computed numerically for the solver.

3. Implementation procedure
The implementation proceeds through these stages:
- Initialization: Normalize the initial_h_values by scaling to meet the sum constraint.
- Objective Function: Compute the correlation of h with (1-h), then take the maximum value and multiply by dx.
- Constraints: Enforce ∑h = n_length/2 via a penalty method.
- Optimization: Use SLSQP to minimize C₅ with bounds [0,1] and constraints. Run multiple trials with different initializations and random perturbations to avoid local optima.
- Evaluation: After each optimization run, validate the solution and update the best result.

The code structure is:
1. Load initial_h_values and apply scaling to meet the sum constraint.
2. Define the objective function as the maximum of the correlation.
3. Run multiple SLSQP optimizations from perturbed initializations.
4. Track the best solution found that respects all constraints.

4. Search choices and useful variations
- Initialization: Start with the given initial_h_values, then apply random perturbations to escape local optima.
- Optimization Method: Use SLSQP for constrained optimization, which can handle both bounds and equality constraints.
- Random Perturbations: Introduce small random perturbations (±0.01) to the h vector before each optimization run.
- Number of Trials: Run 20–50 optimization trials with varied initializations within the time budget.

The code will run the following sequence:
- Normalize the initial guess
- Run SLSQP optimization with guessed constraints
- Generate perturbations and re-run optimizations
- Track the best C₅ value found

5. Compute budget and robustness
The dominant time cost is the SLSQP optimizer, which is efficient enough for 45 variables. The code checks time remaining before each expensive optimization step. The fallback is the initial_h_values scaled to meet the constraint. The code includes checks for:
- Feasible solutions (0 ≤ h ≤ 1 and correct sum)
- Finiteness of the objective function
- Consistency with the original evaluator
In case of solver failure or unimproved solutions, the best valid candidate is returned.

6. Validation and return contract
The final candidate is validated by:
- Checking that all h[i] ∈ [0,1]
- Ensuring sum(h) ≈ n_length / 2
- Re-evaluating the objective with the exact correlation calculation
- Applying sanity checks for numerical stability and constraint satisfaction
The returned h_values, c5_bound, and n_points are compatible with the original evaluator and the problem constraints.
</strategy>