<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for C₅, which is the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant. The current best is 0.38085, and my goal is to get even lower. Let me think about how to approach this.

The previous code used a triangular waveform as the initial guess and then applied SLSQP optimization with perturbations. But maybe there's a better way. Let me consider different strategies.

First, the initial guess. The triangular function might not be optimal. Maybe using a different shape, like a piecewise constant function with more segments, could yield better results. Or perhaps a more irregular pattern that minimizes the maximum overlap.

The optimization method used SLSQP, which is good for constrained problems but might get stuck in local minima. Maybe using a different optimization algorithm like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing could help explore the search space more thoroughly. But given the time budget, maybe it's better to stick with SLSQP but improve the initial points and perturbations.

Another idea: the problem involves minimizing the maximum correlation. The current approach uses a fixed number of perturbations (50 candidates). Maybe varying the number of candidates based on the progress could help. Or using a more sophisticated mutation strategy, like adaptive perturbation sizes based on current solution quality.

Also, the projection step after perturbation might be too simplistic. Instead of just clipping and scaling, maybe using a more informed projection that maintains certain properties, like balancing the function's shape.

Wait, the previous code uses a triangular waveform as the initial guess. Let me think: a triangular function has high values in the middle and low at the edges. Maybe a better initial guess could be a function that alternates between high and low values in a way that spreads out the overlaps. For example, using a pulse train or a more complex structure.

Alternatively, consider starting with a function that has multiple segments with different values, ensuring that shifting it by k doesn't lead to high overlaps. For instance, dividing the interval [0,2] into several parts and assigning different constants in each part.

But how to generate such a function algorithmically? Maybe using a piecewise constant approximation. For example, if I divide the interval into m blocks, each with a value between 0 and 1. Then, the sum of these values multiplied by dx should be 1. The challenge is to choose these values such that the maximum overlap is minimized.

Another thought: the problem resembles a covering problem. We want to spread out the function h(x) such that when shifted by any k, the overlap with 1 - h(x + k) is minimized. So, the function h should avoid being similar to 1 - h(x + k) for any shift. This is similar to certain coding theory problems where codes have certain distance properties.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem? Maybe by using a structure that's more "spread out" in frequency domain. For example, using a function that is a sum of sinusoids or other basis functions with carefully chosen coefficients. However, that might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is related to the convolution of h and 1 - h. The maximum of this convolution is the C₅. So perhaps using a function h(x) that has a small Fourier transform, reducing the peaks in the convolution. But this is more of a theoretical approach. How to translate that into practical optimization?

Maybe using a function that's periodic but adjusted to fit the [0,2] interval. For example, a sine wave with certain amplitude. But integrating over the interval, the sum would need to be 1.

Alternatively, using a combination of different basis functions that can be optimized. But this might not be feasible for the optimization process due to complexity.

Another angle: the current optimization uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe instead of adding Gaussian noise, using a more structured mutation, like swapping values or adjusting segments. For example, if the initial guess is a certain pattern, generating mutations by flipping segments or adjusting them in a way that disrupts potential overlaps.

But how to implement that? Maybe using a different mutation strategy. For instance, for each mutation, select a random segment and adjust its value, ensuring the sum constraint is maintained.

Wait, the previous code uses a project_h function that clips the values and scales them. Maybe this projection is too crude. Instead of just scaling, maybe we can use a more sophisticated method to maintain the sum constraint, like using a linear transformation or a more intelligent scaling that preserves certain properties of the function.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. For example, using a gradient-based approach, but the objective function may not be smooth. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a solver for constrained optimization.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of the convolution, perhaps we can use bilevel optimization, where we minimize the maximum by considering each shift and then optimizing over the function's parameters. But this is likely computationally intensive.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum over k of the convolution integral is the C₅, maybe we can model this as a maximin problem. The goal is to find h such that for all shifts k, the integral is as small as possible. However, solving this directly is challenging.

Let me go back to the initial code. The main steps are:

1. Initialize h as a triangular waveform.
2. Perturb it with Gaussian noise.
3. Project to the feasible region.
4. Run SLSQP optimization on each perturbed candidate.
5. Keep the best result after refining with another SLSQP run.

The previous code's initial h is a triangular function. But the effective length of the interval is 2. So, for 70 points, the x_i = i*2/70. The triangular function 1 - |x -1| would be 1 at x=1, decreasing linearly to 0 at x=0 and x=2. For the points, this would create a sawtooth pattern with peaks in the middle.

But maybe a better initial guess could be something else. For instance, a function with more randomized values but still satisfying the sum constraint. Or a more complex waveform that's designed to minimize overlaps. How to generate such an initial guess?

Alternatively, using a piecewise constant function with alternating high and low values, ensuring that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. For example, dividing the interval into segments where each segment is set to 0 or 1 in a way that the shifts don't align them. However, this would require careful balancing to maintain the sum of 1.

Another approach: since the sum of h is 1, and the interval is 2, the average value of h is 0.5. To minimize the overlap when shifted, we need h(x) to not align with 1 - h(x +k) in any shift. This suggests that h(x) should have a structure that is not too similar to its shifted versions. One way to achieve this is to have h(x) consist of multiple segments with different values, ensuring that when shifted by certain amounts, the overlapping parts are minimized.

For example, if we divide the interval into 3 segments: high, medium, low, arranged in a way that when shifted by k, the high segments align with low, reducing the overlap. However, constructing such a function algorithmically is tricky.

Alternatively, perhaps starting with a function that has a higher number of transitions between high and low values. This could create more irregularity, making the overlap less likely to be large.

But how to generate such a function? Maybe using an initial guess that's a random binary pattern with some constraints. However, ensuring the sum is 1 would require balancing the number of high and low segments.

Wait, the initial_h_values provided in the problem might be a better starting point. The user mentions that if available, use it directly. So perhaps the initial_h_values is a good starting point, but the previous code's approach might not be optimal. Maybe using a different initial guess or refining the optimization steps could help.

Let me think about the optimization parameters. The previous code uses 50 perturbations with Gaussian noise of 0.05. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the noise could lead to better exploration. Also, the perturbations are added to the current h, and then projected. Maybe the projection step is too simplistic. For example, scaling after clipping might not preserve the optimal structure, especially if the perturbation leads to an infeasible point. Perhaps using a more informed projection, like using a Lagrange multiplier approach to maintain the sum constraint, but that might complicate the code.

Another idea: instead of Gaussian perturbations, use more structured mutations. For example, when generating a new candidate, randomly select a subset of points and adjust them in a way that maintains the sum. For instance, increasing some points and decreasing others, ensuring the total sum remains 35 (since n=70 and dx is 2/70, sum is 35). This could lead to more meaningful changes that affect the overlap integral.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (50) for perturbation and a final optimization. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or varying the perturbation strategy based on the current solution's quality could be beneficial.

Moreover, the SLSQP method's convergence could be improved by adjusting the tolerance settings or using more advanced solver options. However, the current setup already has a tight tolerance.

Another possible improvement: use a different initial guess. For example, instead of a triangular waveform, use a function that has more "flat" regions, which might reduce the overlap when shifted. Or perhaps a function that is designed to minimize the maximum cross-correlation, such as a periodic function with a certain frequency.

Wait, the correlation between h and 1-h is the overlap. If h is a periodic function with a period that doesn't divide the interval length, perhaps this could help in reducing the maximum overlap. For example, a sine wave that's not aligned with the interval length. However, generating such a function and ensuring the integral constraint is met is non-trivial.

Alternatively, consider using a function that has more uniform variance, meaning that h(x) doesn't have sharp peaks or valleys that could lead to high overlaps when shifted. For instance, a function that is a combination of different waveforms, such as a piecewise linear function with varying slopes that avoid sharp changes.

Another thought: the problem resembles finding a function h that is a "good" set in terms of avoiding overlaps. This is similar to the concept of a "balanced" function in some contexts. Maybe using a function that's symmetric or has certain symmetries could help. For example, making the function symmetric around 1, which could balance out the overlaps.

But again, translating this into an initial guess requires a specific structure.

Let me think about possible code changes. The current code uses 70 points. Maybe using a different number of points (like 60 or 80) could yield better results. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. The previous code uses 70, so maybe keeping it at 70 is better.

Another code improvement: instead of using a fixed initial guess, generate multiple initial guesses with different structures. For example, one based on a triangular function, another based on a square wave, and another with random perturbations, then run optimization on each. However, this might increase the computational time.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated mutation strategy. For example, in each perturbation step, not only add Gaussian noise but also swap certain points in a way that disrupts existing patterns. This could lead to more diverse candidates.

Another potential issue: the projection function might be causing the optimization to converge to suboptimal solutions. For example, after adding noise, the projection might clip values, leading to high or low regions that are not optimal. Perhaps instead of simply clipping and scaling, use a method that maintains the shape of the perturbed function as much as possible, preserving certain properties. However, this would complicate the projection step.

Alternatively, during the projection step, use a different scaling factor based on the deviation from the feasible region. For instance, if the perturbed h has a sum that's too high or low, adjust the values proportionally to bring the sum back to the required value without clipping. However, this might not always be feasible, and clipping could still be necessary.

Another approach: use a different optimization algorithm. For example, using a genetic algorithm (GA) which may have better global search capabilities. However, GA might be slower and require careful tuning of parameters. But given the time budget of 1100 seconds, it's possible. However, since the previous code uses SLSQP, which is faster for local optimization, maybe combining both methods could be beneficial. But that would complicate the code.

Alternatively, use a random search with a large number of iterations and track the best candidate. However, without a good initial guess, this might not be effective.

In the previous code, after generating perturbations and optimizing, the best solution is refined with another optimization step. Maybe increasing the number of iterations during the local optimization or adjusting the SLSQP's tolerance could improve the result.

Another thought: the time budget allows for 1100 seconds. The previous code runs 50 perturbations, each with an optimization that takes about 20 seconds, totaling 1000 seconds, leaving 100 seconds for the final optimization. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or allowing more iterations per optimization could utilize the remaining time better.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial exploration. For example, using a simplex method or another local optimizer that can handle constrained problems more effectively. However, the previous code uses SLSQP which is a gradient-based method.

Another idea: parallelize the optimization steps. Since there's only one CPU, this might not be feasible. But perhaps using more efficient code that can handle multiple perturbations in parallel. However, with only one CPU, this might not help.

Considering the constraints, maybe the main improvement would be to use a different initial guess and optimize with more efficient mutation strategies. For example, starting with an initial guess that's a piecewise constant function with more segments, or using a different initial pattern that's better structured.

Let me think about generating an initial guess. For example, if we divide the interval [0, 2] into m equal segments, and assign each segment a value that alternates between 0.5 and 0.5 (which is the same as the uniform case, which is bad). But that wouldn't help. Alternatively, assign different values to the segments such that the sum is 1. For example, if we split the interval into two segments: the first half (0-1) is 1, and the second half (1-2) is 0. Then the sum would be 1 * 1 * dx = 1 * 1 * (2/70) * 70 of the first segment and 0 for the second. Wait, no. If n=70, dx=2/70. For 70 points, the sum of h needs to be 35. So if I set the first 35 points to 1 and the rest to 0, the sum would be 35 (since 35 * 1 + 35*0 = 35). But this would create a step function. The overlap integral for k=1 would be the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+1)). But for this case, when x is in [0,1), h(x)=1, and h(x+1) would be 1 if x+1 is in [0,1), i.e., x < 0. But since the interval is [0, 2], x+1 can range from 1 to 3. So for x in [0,1), x+1 is in [1,2), so h(x+1) is 0, so (1 - h(x+1)) is 1. Thus, the integral over [0,1) would be 1 * 1 * dx * 1 (since dx=2/70, but the sum over the interval is 35). Wait, this might be leading to a high overlap. So this initial guess might be worse than the triangular one. Hence, better to avoid such extremes.

So, the previous code's triangular initial guess is likely better, but maybe a different shape.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of high and low values in a way that spreads them out. For example, a piecewise constant function where each segment is 1/3 or something, but ensuring the sum is 35.

But how to generate such a function algorithmically?

Another idea: use a random initial guess with the sum constraint. For example, start with a random array where the sum is 35, and ensure values are between 0 and 1. This could lead to better exploration. However, generating such a random array and optimizing from there may yield better results than a structured initial guess. But this could also lead to poor convergence if the initial guess is not in a good region.

But combining this with the current strategy, perhaps using a random initial guess in addition to the triangular one could help. However, the previous code uses the triangular initial guess, which may be a good starting point.

So, back to the code. The previous code uses the triangular function as initial guess. Let me think about how to modify the code to improve it.

One possible improvement is to use a more sophisticated mutation strategy. Instead of adding Gaussian noise, perhaps generating random swaps or adjusting segments of the function. For example, when mutating, select a random subset of indices and adjust their values in a way that keeps the sum constraint. This could lead to more meaningful changes that affect the overlap integral.

Alternatively, during the perturbation phase, use a different noise distribution. For example, using a uniform distribution or a different variance for the noise.

Another idea: during the projection step, instead of simply clipping and scaling, use a more sophisticated method like projection onto the feasible set while preserving certain properties. For example, if the perturbed h has values outside [0,1], we can adjust them in a way that maintains the overall shape. However, without a clear idea of what properties to preserve, this might be challenging.

Another point: the evaluation function uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which might not be the best way to compute the overlap integral. The correct way to compute the integral would be to compute the convolution integral between h and (1 - h), but the current approach uses the correlation of h with (1 - h). However, the problem defines the integral as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. The correlation operation in numpy returns the convolution shifted, so perhaps the correct approach is to use a different method. For example, using np.convolve with mode='full' or 'same', and then adjusting the indices accordingly. However, the previous code uses the 'full' mode and multiplies by dx, which might be correct. So perhaps the code's evaluation is correct.

Now, considering all these possibilities, perhaps the main changes to make are:

1. Use a different initial guess. For example, instead of the triangular function, use a more random initial guess or a different structured function.

2. Adjust the mutation strategy to generate more diverse candidates.

3. Improve the projection step to maintain the feasibility without losing valuable structure.

4. Adjust the optimization parameters, such as increasing the number of iterations or using different solver options.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the initial guess and the mutation steps. Let me try to implement these changes.

For the initial guess, instead of using a triangular function, perhaps using a piecewise constant function with more segments. For example, dividing the interval into m equal parts and assigning values that alternate between 0.5 and some other value, ensuring the sum is correct.

But how to implement that algorithmically? For example, if we divide [0,2] into k segments and assign each segment a value that's either 0 or 1, ensuring the total sum is 35. For example, if n=70, and we have m segments, each segment has length 2/m. Assigning 1 to half of the segments and 0 to the others, but this might not satisfy the sum. But since the sum needs to be 35, the number of segments with 1 should be 35. So for example, if we have segments of length 2/m, each with value 1 for 35 segments, then the sum is 35 * 1 * dx * number of points in each segment. Wait, perhaps this is getting too complex.

Alternatively, use a function that is 0.5 for all points, which is the uniform distribution. But this would give a certain overlap value. However, the current code already uses the triangular function, which may be better.

Another idea: to start with a function that is obtained by taking a random binary array with sum 35, and then smoothing it. For example, generating a random array where 35 points are 1 and 35 are 0, then applying a Gaussian blur or similar to make it smooth. This could create a more varied initial guess.

However, generating such a function algorithmically in code would require generating a binary array, then applying a smoothing operation. Let me think how to do that. For example:

import numpy as np
def generate_initial_guess(n=70, num_ones=35):
    h = np.zeros(n)
    indices = np.random.choice(n, size=num_ones, replace=False)
    h[indices] = 1.0
    # apply a smoothing kernel, like a moving average
    kernel_size = 5
    h = np.convolve(h, np.ones(kernel_size)/kernel_size, mode='same')
    return h

This could generate a binary initial guess smoothed into a continuous function. However, this may not be the best approach, but it's worth trying.

But the previous code starts with the triangular function. Perhaps combining both approaches: using the triangular function as the starting guess and then applying mutations that include both Gaussian noise and smoothing steps. But this may complicate the code.

Alternatively, using the initial guess as a random binary array smoothed by a kernel could lead to better results. However, without knowing the effectiveness, it's hard to say.

Another possible improvement: during the optimization, use a more efficient evaluation of the objective function. For example, precomputing certain values to reduce redundant calculations. However, the current code already uses numpy's correlate function, which is efficient.

Considering the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to try a different initial guess and adjust the mutation strategy. For example, using a random initial guess with a certain structure and then applying a more refined optimization.

In conclusion, the main changes to consider are:

- Use a different initial guess, such as a piecewise constant function with more segments.

- Adjust the mutation strategy to generate more diverse candidates.

- Improve the projection step to better maintain the function's properties.

- Increase the number of iterations or refine the optimization parameters to better explore the search space.

Now, I need to code these ideas into the existing framework. Let me outline how to modify the code.

First, change the initial guess. Instead of the triangular function, generate a different initial guess. For example, using a random binary array with sum 35 and smoothing it. But how to do that in code?

Alternatively, use a random initial guess by generating an array where the sum is 35, with values between 0 and 1. For example:

initial_h = np.random.rand(n)
initial_h = initial_h / np.sum(initial_h) * (n/2)

But this would give an initial guess that is uniform but with a certain scaling. However, this might not be better than the triangular function.

Alternatively, in the initial code, if the initial_h_values is available, use it as the starting point. Otherwise, create a random initial guess. But the previous code uses the triangular function.

But given that the initial_h_values is provided, and the user states to use it directly when available, perhaps the current initial guess is already the best option.

Another idea: instead of using a triangular function, use a function that has a more complex structure. For example, a function that is a combination of high and low values arranged in a way that minimizes overlaps. How to create such a function algorithmically?

Perhaps divide the interval into several segments and assign values that alternate between high and low. For example, if n=70, divide into 5 segments of 14 points each. Assign the first segment 0.9, the next 0.5, then 0.1, and so on. But this would require ensuring the sum is 35. Let's calculate:

If we have 5 segments, each with 14 points. Assigning values as 0.9, 0.5, 0.1, 0.5, 0.9. The sum for each segment would be (0.9+0.5+0.1+0.5+0.9) * 14 = (2.9) * 14 = 40.6, but we need the total sum to be 35. So this approach would not work directly. Perhaps adjusting the values to meet the sum constraint.

Alternatively, use a function that has more segments and values that are optimized to meet the sum constraint. For example, using a Fourier series approach with certain coefficients to meet the integral constraint. But this is getting too complex for code implementation.

Considering the time I have left to think, perhaps the best approach is to modify the current code's initial guess, perhaps using the provided initial_h_values if available, and then apply more sophisticated perturbations and optimization steps.

Wait, the user says that if initial_h_values is available, use it. Otherwise, create a starting vector. The previous code uses the triangular function. If the initial_h_values is a better starting point, then using it would be better. So the current code's initial guess might be suboptimal, and the initial_h_values provided might be better.

But since the user says that the current best is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and the previous code achieved 0.381227, there is room for improvement. Hence, changing the initial guess to a better one might help.

Assuming that the initial_h_values is the best available starting point, then the previous code's approach of using it is correct. But perhaps the code can be improved by adjusting the mutation strategy or optimization parameters.

In the previous code, the mutation uses Gaussian noise with σ=0.05. Maybe increasing the mutation size or using a different distribution could generate better candidates. For example, using a larger noise for the first few iterations, then decreasing it over time (annealing approach).

Another idea: use a different optimization method for the perturbations. For example, using a genetic algorithm for the initial exploration stage and then refining with SLSQP. However, implementing a genetic algorithm would take significant code changes and may not be feasible within the time constraints.

Given the complexity, perhaps the best way to improve is to:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point, if available.

- Improve the mutation strategy by using a combination of Gaussian noise and random perturbations.

- Increase the number of perturbations or iterations to better explore the solution space.

- Adjust the optimization parameters (e.g., increasing maxiter or reducing tolerance) to refine the solution further.

Now, modifying the code accordingly.

For the projection step, the current code uses clipping and scaling. This ensures that all values are between 0 and 1, and the sum is maintained. This is correct.

In the code, the initial_h is either the provided initial_h_values or a triangular function. The current code may not be using the provided initial_h_values, but if it is, then it's better.

So, assuming that initial_h_values is the best starting point, the code should use it. The previous code's initial_h is set to initial_h_values if available, otherwise uses a triangular function. That's correct.

The main changes to consider are:

1. Use more perturbations or varied mutation strategies.

2. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.

3. Possibly use a different initial guess when initial_h_values is not available.

In the code, the current number of perturbations is 50. Maybe increasing this to 100 could help explore more candidates. However, this would increase the computational time.

Another approach is to perform multiple rounds of optimization: first with a larger mutation size, then with smaller, refining the solution. This is similar to the cooling schedule in simulated annealing.

But again, with the time budget, this may not be feasible.

Alternatively, in the code, after generating a new candidate, instead of running SLSQP immediately, do some local optimization steps. But the current code already runs SLSQP on each perturbed candidate.

Perhaps the best way is to modify the code to use more perturbations and refine the optimization steps. For example:

- Increase the number of iterations (from 50 to 100) for the perturbation rounds.

- Use a smaller noise variance in later iterations to refine the solution.

- Allow more time for the final optimization.

Additionally, in the optimization settings, increasing the maxiter and reducing the tolerance might lead to better convergence.

Another possibility is to use different optimization methods for different stages. For example, first using a local optimizer like L-BFGS-B for faster exploration, then switching to SLSQP for refinement. But this would require modifying the code.

In summary, the code could be modified as follows:

- Increase the number of perturbations from 50 to 100.

- Use a smaller noise variance in later iterations, perhaps using adaptive noise scaling based on the current iteration.

- Increase the maxiter for the SLSQP optimization.

- Use a different initial guess if available (which it is).

But given the code length and complexity constraints, I'll need to implement these changes in the code.

Finally, considering that the previous code may be too slow or not exploring enough, switching to a different optimization strategy. However, without knowing the exact issue, it's hard to say.

In the end, the code should be adjusted to use the available initial_h_values and explore more candidates with refined perturbations and optimizations.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize, Bounds
import random

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    if 'initial_h_values' in globals() and len(initial_h_values) == 70:
        initial_h = initial_h_values.copy()
    else:
        initial_h = np.full(70, 0.5)
    
    dx = 2.0 / 70
    n = 70
    
    def objective(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h):
        return np.sum(h) - n / 2
    
    constraints = [{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}]
    bounds = Bounds([0.0]*n, [1.0]*n)
    
    def project_h(h):
        h_clip = np.clip(h, 0.0, 1.0)
        sum_h = np.sum(h_clip)
        if sum_h == 0:
            return np.zeros(n)
        scale = (n / 2) / sum_h
        return h_clip * scale
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = np.copy(initial_h)
    current_h = project_h(initial_h)
    current_c5 = objective(current_h)
    if current_c5 < best_c5:
        best_c5 = current_c5
        best_h = current_h
    
    # Enhanced exploration with diverse mutations
    for i in range(70):
        perturbation = np.random.normal(0, 0.03, size=n) if i % 3 == 0 else np.random.uniform(-0.05, 0.05, n)
        perturbed_h = current_h + perturbation
        perturbed_h = project_h(perturbed_h)
        
        result = minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_h,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=constraints,
            tol=1e-8,
            options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-9}
        )
        
        if result.success:
            new_c5 = result.fun
            if new_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = new_c5
                best_h = result.x
                current_h = result.x
    
    final_result = minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=best_h,
        method='SLSQP',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=constraints,
        tol=1e-8,
        options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10}
    )
    
    if final_result.success and final_result.fun < best_c5:
        best_c5 = final_result.fun
        best_h = final_result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n
```