<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a triangular waveform as an initial guess and then did some local optimization with SLSQP. But the user wants me to come up with a better approach. Let me think about how to improve this.

First, the current approach starts with a triangular wave, which might have some good properties, but maybe there's a better initial guess. The problem is that the previous result was 0.381227, and the target is 0.380876. So even a small improvement could be significant.

I should consider different initialization strategies. Maybe instead of a triangular wave, using a more complex pattern, like a combination of pulses or something else. Alternatively, maybe using a random initial guess with some structure. But since the user mentioned avoiding random initial guesses, perhaps trying different structured patterns.

Another idea: the previous approach used perturbations with Gaussian noise and some mutation techniques. But maybe using different optimization algorithms. SLSQP is good, but maybe other methods like genetic algorithms or particle swarm optimization could explore the search space better. However, the user mentioned that the code should use scipy, so maybe using a different optimization method within scipy.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe combining it with a global optimization method first to find a better starting point? But the time budget is tight, so maybe not. Alternatively, using a different local optimization approach with better parameters.

Also, the previous code used a fixed number of perturbations (50) and a fixed number of iterations for each optimization. Maybe adjusting the number of iterations, or using a different stopping criterion. Or maybe using a different mutation strategy, like varying the size of the perturbations or applying different types of mutations.

Another thought: the current objective function is to minimize the maximum cross-correlation. But the cross-correlation is calculated using np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives all possible lags. However, maybe there's a way to approximate or simplify this calculation, or to focus on the most impactful lags. For example, perhaps the maximum occurs at certain lags, and maybe focusing the optimization on those could be more efficient.

Also, the constraint sum(h) = 35 is critical. The previous code uses a projection step to ensure the sum is correct. Maybe improving this projection step by using a more efficient scaling method. But that's probably already handled.

Another approach: using a different sampling strategy. For instance, maybe using a lower number of points (n_points) but with a different structure. The previous code used 70 points. Maybe trying with fewer points, say 50 or 60, could be faster and allow more time for optimization. However, the user wants the code to run within 1100 seconds, so perhaps there's a balance between n_points and the number of iterations.

Wait, the user said that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe using a smaller n_points, like 50 or 60, would allow for more iterations or better exploration. But I need to make sure that the optimization is not too slow.

Another idea: using a different initial guess. The previous code uses a triangular wave, but maybe a better initial guess can be generated. For example, a piecewise constant function with certain intervals. Or alternating high and low values in a structured way.

Alternatively, perhaps using a Fourier-based approach. Since the problem is related to harmonic analysis, maybe constructing h such that its Fourier transform has certain properties to minimize overlap. But that might be too abstract to implement directly.

Alternatively, trying to model the problem as a quadratic optimization problem. Since the objective is to minimize the maximum cross-correlation, which is a convex function? Wait, no. The maximum of a set of linear functions is convex, but the integrals are linear in h. Wait, the cross-correlation (for each lag) is a linear function in h. So the maximum over all lags is a convex function. Therefore, the problem is a convex optimization problem? Wait, no. The maximum of convex functions is convex, so minimizing it would be a convex problem. Wait, but the cross-correlation for each lag is linear, so the maximum of them is convex, so the problem is convex. Then why is the previous code using SLSQP? Because SLSQP is handling constraints, but the problem might be a convex optimization problem, and thus could be solved with more efficient methods. But perhaps the computational complexity makes it challenging.

Wait, maybe there's a mistake here. Let me think again. The integral for each lag k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. But when you discretize it, it's a sum over x_i of h_i (1 - h_{i + k})), where the indices are modulo n. So for each lag k (for k=0, 1, ..., n-1), the integral is a linear function in h_i. Then the maximum over all these is a convex function. Therefore, the problem of minimizing this maximum is a convex optimization problem. Therefore, perhaps it can be solved with a convex optimization method, such as a convex solver like ECOS or SCS in CVX. However, the user mentioned using scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe using a more suitable method for convex problems would be better.

Alternatively, maybe converting this into a semi-definite program or another form. But perhaps this is getting too complex. For the purposes of this problem, perhaps the best way is to stick with the existing approach but improve the optimization procedure.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed initial guess (triangular) and then perturbs it with Gaussian noise. Maybe instead of using random perturbations, using a more systematic approach, like a grid search over some parameters, or using a basin-hopping algorithm which combines random perturbations with local optimization.

But the user mentioned using scipy, so perhaps using a different optimization method. Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. The current code uses np.correlate, which might be slow for large n_points. However, the user is using 70 points, which is manageable.

Another thought: maybe the previous code is not exploring the search space sufficiently. For example, trying different numbers of perturbations, varying the parameters of the perturbations (like the standard deviation of the noise), or using different mutation strategies (like varying the number of points, or applying different types of mutations).

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess. The user mentioned that if initial_h_values is available, use it. But the initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point. However, the previous code uses the triangular wave as the default, which might not be optimal.

Wait, the user provided the initial_h_values, which is an n=70 array. So the previous code uses that. So maybe the current initial guess is actually better than the triangular wave. But the user wants to explore other starting points to avoid getting stuck in a local optimum. So maybe generating different initial guesses, not just the triangular one.

Alternatively, trying a random initial guess, then optimizing. But the user mentioned that the previous code used a structured initial guess. The user says that the current program achieved C5 of 0.381227, and the target is 0.380876. So perhaps there's a way to improve the initial guess.

Another approach could be using a genetic algorithm to evolve the h array. But implementing a genetic algorithm might be complex, and the user is limited by time. Alternatively, using a simulated annealing approach. However, the user's code is supposed to be in Python with scipy, so maybe using scipy.optimize.minimize with different methods.

Wait, the previous code used SLSQP with constraints. Maybe using a different method, like the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method, which doesn't require gradients. Or maybe using 'COBYLA' which handles bounds. However, SLSQP is generally more efficient for constrained problems.

Alternatively, adjusting the hyperparameters of the SLSQP method. For example, increasing the number of iterations, or changing the tolerance settings. The previous code uses 'ftol' of 1e-9 and 'maxiter' 200 per optimization. Maybe increasing the maxiter or adjusting the tolerance could find better solutions. However, this might take more time, so need to balance.

Another idea: the current code does a bunch of perturbations and local optimizations, but maybe instead of doing 50 perturbations, doing a more thorough exploration with varying parameters. For example, using a more systematic way to generate perturbations, such as varying the noise scale or applying different types of mutations (like flipping some points, adding noise, scaling clusters, etc.).

Alternatively, using a warm start with the initial guess and then doing a local optimization, but also trying different starting points generated by varying the initial guess. For instance, generating several different initial configurations and then optimizing each one. This might be time-consuming but could help avoid local minima.

Another thing to consider is the choice of n_points. The previous code uses 70 points. Maybe trying with a different n_points, such as 50 or 60, could allow for more efficient exploration. Lower n_points would reduce the computation time for each optimization step, allowing more iterations or better perturbations.

Wait, the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe using a smaller n_points could be better. Let me think: if I use n_points=50, then dx is 2/50 = 0.04. The sum of h should be 50/2 =25. The cross-correlation computation would be faster. Maybe with more iterations or better optimization.

Alternatively, perhaps using n_points=100, but that may take longer. However, the time budget is 1100 seconds. If n_points is 50, each optimization step might be faster. Let's say with 50 points, each optimization takes about 10 seconds, and doing 50 perturbations would take 500 seconds. Then, the final optimization could take another 100 seconds, leaving time for other steps.

So maybe the previous code's approach with n=70 is okay, but trying with a smaller n could save time and allow better exploration. But I need to be cautious, as the optimal solution might depend on the number of points. However, for the purposes of this problem, maybe trying with a smaller n could help.

Another thing: the current code uses a project_h function to clip and scale the h array to meet the sum constraint. This is important, as the constraints need to be maintained. The previous code's project_h seems correct.

Another idea: instead of using Gaussian noise, maybe using a more efficient mutation strategy. For example, applying different types of mutations (like flipping certain points) which could lead to more diverse perturbations. Or applying mutations that maintain certain properties of the h array.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess with a structure that meets the sum constraint. For instance, creating a random binary vector (0s and 1s) and then adjusting it to meet the sum constraint. But ensuring sum is 35 for 70 points, but this might introduce randomness that could be helpful.

Wait, the user's code uses the initial_h_values if available. But how is that constructed? The previous code's initial_h_values may be generated by some method. If that's a good initial guess, perhaps using it is better. But in the absence of that, using a triangular wave is okay.

Another angle: the current objective function is max_k (correlation). But perhaps some lags are more critical than others. For example, the maximum might occur for certain values of k. So maybe the optimization could focus on minimizing the maximum over those critical lags, rather than all lags. However, this might require prior knowledge of which lags are important, which is not available a priori.

Alternatively, precomputing the lags that are most likely to be the maximum, and then focusing on those. For example, if the previous experiments show that the maximum often occurs for certain k, then the code could prioritize those. However, this requires knowing which lags are critical, which might not be possible without prior analysis.

Another possible optimization is to vectorize the objective function to make it faster. The current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient, but perhaps there's a way to compute the maximum of the cross-correlation more efficiently, especially when dealing with multiple lags.

In terms of the code structure, the previous code uses a loop for 50 perturbations and runs SLSQP for each. However, with a lower number of points (say 50), the number of perturbations could be increased. But this would take more time. Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method for each perturbation.

Another idea: using a different optimization routine for the initial steps. For example, using a global optimization method like differential evolution to find a better starting point, and then using SLSQP for local refinement. Differential evolution might be able to explore the search space more effectively, avoiding local optima. However, the time constraints might make this challenging.

But given the time budget, it's worth trying. Let's think: the user's code uses SLSQP with some perturbations. Implementing a differential evolution approach in scipy.optimize.differential_evolution could be an option. However, the problem is that the objective function is convex, so differential evolution might not be necessary. But for the purposes of trying to find a better solution, perhaps it's worth a shot.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: first, use differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then perform SLSQP optimization from that point. This could potentially find a better solution.

But implementing this would require more code and time. Also, the differential evolution method may be slower than SLSQP. So, given the time constraints, perhaps focusing on optimizing the existing approach is better.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses a fixed standard deviation for the Gaussian noise (0.05). Maybe varying the standard deviation during the perturbations could help explore different parts of the search space. For example, starting with larger perturbations to explore, then smaller ones as the solution improves.

Alternatively, using a cooling schedule for the perturbations, similar to simulated annealing, where the magnitude of the perturbations decreases over time. But this requires more complex code.

Another possible improvement: the current code does not track the best solution after each iteration. Instead, it's keeping track of the best solution found. However, maybe the code could have more exploration by trying different starting points in parallel.

Alternatively, using a population-based approach where multiple candidate solutions are evolved, then selecting the best one. However, this would require more code and time.

Considering all these factors, perhaps the best approach is to improve the existing code by:

1. Using a different initial guess, such as a more structured pattern (like a piecewise constant function with specific intervals).
2. Varying the mutation strategies to generate more diverse perturbations.
3. Adjusting the hyperparameters of the SLSQP method, such as increasing the number of iterations or adjusting tolerances.
4. Maybe trying with a different n_points (like 50 or 60) to allow for more iterations or better exploration.
5. Implementing a different optimization method, like differential evolution, to find a better starting point.

But given the time constraints and the need to stay within the code's structure, perhaps the most feasible improvement is to use a different initial guess and adjust the mutation strategy.

Let me think about the initial guess. The previous code uses a triangular wave, but what if I use a different structured pattern? For example, a square wave or a sine wave. However, the square wave might have discontinuities that could be problematic. Alternatively, a piecewise constant function with alternating high and low values.

Alternatively, using a more complex waveform like a combination of pulses. For instance, placing certain high-value segments spaced out in the interval [0, 2], which could reduce overlap when shifted.

But how to construct such a function in code? For example, with 70 points, maybe dividing the interval into 7 segments, each of length 0.2857, and setting the h values to 1 in some segments and 0 in others. But ensuring the sum is 35 (half of 70) would require half of the segments to be high and half to be low. However, this would be a very simple initial guess, which might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern like a sinusoidal function, scaled and shifted to meet the sum constraint.

But implementing such a pattern might require more code. However, the user's initial code uses a triangular wave, which is straightforward.

Another idea: using a random initial guess with some structure. For example, generating a random binary vector with 35 ones and 35 zeros, then normalizing it. But this would involve creating a binary array and converting it to a real-valued array. However, this could be a good starting point for optimization.

But the user's code already uses the initial_h_values if available. So if the initial_h_values is a good guess, using that is better. Otherwise, generating a random one.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial_h_values provided is not the best. So generating a random initial guess with a binary-like structure might help.

But the user says that the initial_h_values is pre-imported and should be used if available. So in the code, we should reference it directly. So if that initial guess is good, using it will help.

Another thought: the current code's project_h function scales the clipped values to meet the sum constraint. But perhaps there's a better way to handle this. For example, using a different scaling method or ensuring that the perturbations do not violate the constraints.

In any case, the main improvements would likely involve:

- Using a better initial guess (like the provided initial_h_values).
- Varying the mutation strategies and parameters to explore the search space more thoroughly.
- Adjusting the optimization method's hyperparameters (like increasing iterations or using different tolerances).
- Possibly using a different optimization method, like differential evolution, to find a better starting point.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to adjust the existing approach by:

1. Using the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Increasing the number of perturbations or varying the parameters of the perturbations.
3. Trying different optimization methods or adjusting the existing SLSQP parameters.
4. Trying different n_points values.

Given that the previous code used n=70, maybe trying with a lower n_points, like 50 or 60, could allow more iterations and better exploration. However, without knowing the exact impact, it's hard to say. But given that smaller sequences are preferred, I'll try with n=50.

But the user says that the initial code may have a different n_points. However, the problem allows for any n_points as long as it's under 1k.

Another idea: use a combination of different initial configurations, such as the triangular wave, a random binary vector, and the initial_h_values, and run the optimization on each. Then pick the best result.

But this would require generating multiple initial guesses and optimizing each, which may take more time. However, with the available time budget, it's worth considering.

In the code, the previous approach used the initial_h_values if available, else a triangular wave. So I can keep that, but also add other initial guesses if possible.

Alternatively, trying to use a more complex initial guess.

Putting this all together, the revised code would:

- Use the initial_h_values if available, else use a different initial guess (like a random binary vector).
- Apply mutations with varied parameters (different noise scales, clustering, etc.).
- Adjust the optimization method's parameters for better convergence.
- Possibly try with different n_points values.

But to keep the code concise and efficient, perhaps the following changes can be made:

- Use the provided initial_h_values as the starting guess.
- Apply mutations with varying noise scales and different mutation types (like adding noise to clusters of points, or flipping some points).
- Increase the number of perturbations and optimize each one with SLSQP.
- Adjust the SLSQP parameters for better convergence.

In addition, perhaps using a better optimization routine for the final refinement step.

Now, translating these ideas into code:

The initial code uses a loop for 50 perturbations. Let's increase that number to 100, and vary the noise scale. Also, use a different mutation strategy, such as not just adding Gaussian noise but also flipping some points.

Additionally, the project_h function could be modified to apply more sophisticated scaling. However, the current project_h is already correct.

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed step for the perturbations. Maybe varying the step size over time, such as decreasing it as the optimization progresses.

But given the time, the main changes would involve:

1. Using the initial_h_values as the starting guess.
2. Applying more diverse perturbations (e.g., adding different noise scales).
3. Using a different number of perturbations.
4. Adjusting SLSQP parameters like maxiter and ftol.

Another idea: using a different objective function. The current code computes the max of the cross-correlation. However, the cross-correlation for each lag is a linear function in h. Therefore, the maximum is a convex function, and the problem is convex. Hence, using a convex optimization method could be more efficient. However, scipy's optimization methods may not support this directly, but the current approach of using SLSQP with constraints is acceptable.

In conclusion, the revised code would likely improve upon the previous approach by:

- Using a better initial guess.
- Applying more diverse mutations.
- Adjusting optimization parameters for better convergence.
- Possibly trying with different n_points values.

Now, considering all this, I'll draft the code accordingly. The code will use the initial_h_values if available, apply more perturbations with varying noise scales, and adjust the optimization steps to find a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize, Bounds
import random

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    if 'initial_h_values' in globals() and len(initial_h_values) == 70:
        initial_h = initial_h_values.copy()
    else:
        initial_h = np.full(70, 0.5)
    
    dx = 2.0 / 70
    n = 70
    
    def objective(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h):
        return np.sum(h) - n / 2
    
    constraints = [{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}]
    bounds = Bounds([0.0]*n, [1.0]*n)
    
    def project_h(h):
        h_clip = np.clip(h, 0.0, 1.0)
        sum_h = np.sum(h_clip)
        if sum_h == 0:
            return np.zeros(n)
        scale = (n / 2) / sum_h
        return h_clip * scale
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = np.copy(initial_h)
    current_h = project_h(initial_h)
    current_c5 = objective(current_h)
    if current_c5 < best_c5:
        best_c5 = current_c5
        best_h = current_h
    
    np.random.seed(seed)
    for _ in range(60):
        perturbation = np.random.normal(0, 0.08, size=n)
        perturbed_h = current_h + perturbation
        perturbed_h[perturbed_h < 0] = 0
        perturbed_h[perturbed_h > 1] = 1
        sum_perturbed = np.sum(perturbed_h)
        if sum_perturbed != 0:
            perturbed_h *= (n / 2) / sum_perturbed
        
        result = minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_h,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=constraints,
            tol=1e-8,
            options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-9}
        )
        
        if result.success:
            new_c5 = result.fun
            if new_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = new_c5
                best_h = result.x
                current_h = result.x
    
    result_final = minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=best_h,
        method='SLSQP',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=constraints,
        tol=1e-8,
        options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9}
    )
    
    if result_final.success and result_final.fun < best_c5:
        best_c5 = result_final.fun
        best_h = result_final.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n
```