<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code uses a combination of optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess. The target is to get C₅ lower than 0.380876. 

First, I should think about how to approach this problem differently. The existing code starts with an initial guess, generates some trial functions, and then uses optimization. Maybe there's a better way to construct the function h(x) that meets the constraints and minimizes the maximum overlap.

Let me recall the problem: h is a step function on [0,2], integrating to 1, and we need to minimize the maximum overlap integral over shifts. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The maximum of these integrals is C₅.

So the goal is to find h that makes this maximum as small as possible. 

The previous code uses differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe I can try other optimization techniques or different initial guesses. Also, considering that the current record is around 0.3808, perhaps I can explore more structured approaches.

One idea is to use a more informed initial guess. The initial_h_values is provided. Maybe a different initial guess could lead to better results. For example, using a combination of periodical functions or other patterns that distribute the mass optimally.

Another angle: the problem resembles a covering problem. We need to place the steps in h such that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized. Maybe a more uniform distribution of the steps could help. For example, using a function that's a sum of periodic functions, like a square wave but with adjusted duty cycles.

Alternatively, perhaps using a piecewise constant function with multiple intervals where h is 0 or 1, but arranged in a way that balances the overlaps. For example, using a function that has equal-length intervals where h is 1 and 0, but shifted to minimize overlaps with shifted copies.

Wait, considering that the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], the average value is 0.5. So the function h(x) is like a density that's 0.5 on average. But to minimize overlaps, we might need to avoid having large regions where h(x) is high, and then h(x + k) is also high, leading to a large overlap.

Another approach: since the integral is fixed, maybe the optimal h is a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in some regular pattern. For example, if h is 1 for certain intervals and 0 for others, arranged periodically.

Wait, the existing code tried square and triangular waves. Maybe trying different frequency components or combining them could help. For example, using a square wave with a specific duty cycle, or a combination of multiple square waves.

But how to model that? Maybe creating a function that is a sum of functions with different frequencies and phases, constrained to integrate to 1. However, this might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, think of h as a binary step function. The previous code uses step functions but with continuous values. Maybe a binary function would be better, but that's not allowed here since h can be any value between 0 and 1.

Alternatively, maybe a better way is to use a basis of functions and optimize coefficients. For example, using Fourier series to approximate h. However, this might not be straightforward, and the integral constraint would need to be satisfied.

Wait, the problem is a constrained optimization problem. The current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, which are good for local search, but might get stuck in local minima. Maybe using a combination of global and local search methods would help. For example, using a genetic algorithm for initial exploration, then applying local optimization.

But the user's code already uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method. Perhaps modifying the hyperparameters of differential evolution, like the population size or mutation rate, could help. Also, maybe using more iterations or different starting points.

Another thought: the overlap integral for each k is essentially the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. This is equivalent to the expectation of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) over x. So for each shift k, we need this expectation to be as small as possible. The maximum over all k is our C₅.

This seems related to the concept of correlation functions. The integral is essentially the cross-correlation between h and (1 - h), but with a certain normalization.

Alternatively, the overlap can be seen as the product of the integral of h and (1 - h) shifted by k. But since the integral of h is 1, the integral of (1 - h) over [0, 2] is 2 - 1 = 1. However, the overlap integral depends on the overlap between h and the shifted (1 - h).

So the problem is to make the maximum overlap as small as possible. 

What if I model this as a variational problem? Consider the function h that minimizes the maximum of the integral over shifts. However, this is a difficult problem because it's a max-min over all shifts.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, maybe the optimal h is symmetric in some way. For example, a function that is symmetric around x=1, which is the midpoint of [0,2]. This might help in distributing the mass evenly and minimizing overlaps for shifts.

But how to construct such a function? Maybe by using a periodic function with symmetry.

Alternatively, using a function that's piecewise constant with equal intervals. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into m equal parts and setting h to 1 in some parts and 0 in others, such that the total integral is 1. However, this might not be optimal, but it's a starting point.

But the code already uses square and triangular waves as initial guesses, which are periodic. So perhaps using a combination of these, or varying parameters like frequency and duty cycle.

Another approach is to consider that the maximum overlap integral occurs for certain shifts, so perhaps focusing the optimization on reducing the maximum for those critical shifts.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal h is a function that makes the function h(x) and h(x + k) as non-overlapping as possible for all k. This seems similar to a discrepancy minimization problem, which is related to the Erdos discrepancy problem, but in a different setting.

But how to translate that into a practical optimization problem?

Perhaps trying to model the problem with a more sophisticated initial guess. For example, using a function that is optimized for a specific set of shifts. But this requires knowing which shifts are critical.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a metaheuristic like simulated annealing could help, but it's computationally expensive and might not fit within the time budget.

Alternatively, maybe the current code's approach is not sufficient, and a better way is to use a different initial guess. For instance, if the current initial_h_values is not optimal, generating a better initial guess might lead to a better result.

Wait, the user says that the initial_h_values is provided. Maybe there's a way to improve on that. But since we can't modify the initial_h_values directly, perhaps generating a better starting point by modifying it.

For example, applying some transformations to the initial_h_values, like perturbing it, adding more periodic components, or using a different pattern.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of n_points (from initial_h_values). If the initial_h_values has 45 points, perhaps using a smaller number of samples (like 100, 200) could allow more flexibility. However, the user says that smaller sequences are preferred for speed, so 45 might be manageable.

Wait, the problem states that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The initial_h_values has 45 samples, which is fine. So maybe using that n_points is better.

Another idea: the previous code uses differential evolution with a population size of 50 and maxiter of 40. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could lead to better results, but that might take more time. Alternatively, trying different mutations or recombinations.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: start with a global search using differential evolution, then refine with local optimization methods like SLSQP or L-BFGS-B.

Another point: the current code uses a number of initial guesses, including square and triangular waves, and random perturbations. Maybe adding more diverse initial guesses, such as different harmonic patterns or all possible combinations, but that might not be feasible due to time.

Alternatively, trying to use a more systematic way to generate initial guesses. For example, creating a grid of possible frequencies and duty cycles for square waves, and combinations of such functions.

But I need to think of code that can fit within the budget. The existing code uses a fixed set of guesses, so perhaps the new code could try different starting points, including more variations.

Wait, the user's previous program already includes a few different functions. Maybe trying to use more sinusoidal or other transformations could help.

Alternatively, consider that for each shift k, the overlap integral is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Let's think of this as the expectation of h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)) over x. Since the integral is over [0, 2], and the function is periodic (since x + k wraps around if we consider the function over the interval, but since it's a step function, maybe not). 

Alternatively, maybe modeling this as a convolution. The overlap integral for shift k is the same as the convolution of h with (1 - h) evaluated at k, scaled appropriately. 

But the current code uses np.correlate, which is similar to convolution. So the maximum of the correlation is being computed, which is the same as the maximum of the overlap integrals.

Another thought: the maximum correlation occurs when the overlap between h and (1 - h) shifted by some k is largest. To minimize this maximum, we need to design h so that it doesn't correlate too strongly with its shifted versions. 

This is similar to the concept of "spread" in signal processing. The function h should be designed to have low correlation with its time-shifted versions. 

One way to achieve this is by ensuring that h has a certain structure that avoids having large overlaps with its shifts. For example, if h is aperiodic but has a uniform distribution of 1s and 0s, but this is difficult to model.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of multiple frequencies, making it less correlated with its shifts. 

But how to implement this? Maybe using a more complex initial guess, such as a square wave with a different number of harmonics, or using a combination of square and triangular waves.

Another approach is to model h as a binary-valued function (0 and 1) and then convert it to a continuous function with some smoothing. However, this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, using a function that is a polygon with certain symmetry, such as a sawtooth wave or a more complex shape.

But perhaps the key is to explore different initial guesses and more sophisticated optimization methods. The previous code uses differential evolution and SLSQP, but maybe a different combination would work better.

Another idea: since the current best is around 0.38, perhaps trying to find a function that has a lower maximum overlap by using a more structured approach. For example, a function that has multiple peaks spaced out in such a way that their overlaps with shifted copies are minimized.

But how to construct that? Maybe using a binary representation with periodicity. For example, if the function has a period of 2/3, then shifting by that period would not overlap with the original function.

But this is speculative. 

Alternatively, think of h as a function that is high in certain intervals and low in others. For instance, if the function has a period T such that T divides the interval [0,2], then shifting by T would not overlap with the original function. However, since the integral of h is 1, the total area under the curve must be 1. If the period is T, then the average value over the period would be (area of h in one period) / T. For example, if the period is 1, then the average would be 1/1 = 1, which would require the function to be 1 over the entire period, which is not allowed. Wait, perhaps not.

Wait, the total integral over [0,2] is 1. If the function is periodic with period T, then the integral over each period would be (area per period) * (number of periods in [0,2]). But this might not be necessary. 

Let me think. Suppose I have a function that is high for certain lengths and low for others. If the function is designed such that for any shift k, the overlap between h and (1 - h) is minimized. 

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, the integral of (1 - h) is 1. The overlap integral for a shift k is the same as the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. If we could make this integral small for all k, then C₅ would be small.

But how? 

Let's consider that the function h(x) and (1 - h(x)) are complementary. The overlap integral between h(x) and (1 - h(x + k)) is like the probability that a point x is in h and x +k is in (1 - h). 

So to minimize this, we want these events to be as uncorrelated as possible. Perhaps by ensuring that the regions where h(x) is 1 are as far as possible from the regions where h(x +k) is 1 for any shift k. 

But since the function is defined on [0,2], shifting by k may wrap around. However, since the function is defined on a finite interval, shifts larger than 2 would be out of range. The integral for each k is over the overlap of the shifted function.

But how to model this. 

Maybe the optimal h is a function that is 1 for regions that are spaced out enough that their shifted copies don't overlap much. For example, if the function is 1 for intervals that are spaced at least some distance apart, then shifting by k could bring those intervals into regions where h(x +k) is 0. 

But how to determine the optimal spacing. 

Alternatively, think of the problem as placing 1s in h(x) such that their shifted copies do not overlap much with the original. Since the total integral is 1, there's a certain density of 1s. For example, if the 1s occupy a certain length, but distributed to minimize overlap when shifted.

But this seems like a problem of placing intervals in a way that their overlaps are minimized when shifted. 

This might be related to the concept of covering radius or packing in a certain space. 

But I'm not sure how to translate this into an algorithm. 

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap over shifts, perhaps using a probabilistic approach. Assume that h(x) is a probability density function, and the overlap integral is the expected value of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)), which is similar to the covariance between h(x) and h(x +k), but not exactly. 

But this might not be helpful directly. 

Perhaps I should focus on improving the code. Let's think about how to modify the existing code. 

The current code starts with initial_h_values, generates a set of initial guesses (like square and triangular waves, random perturbations), then uses differential evolution and SLSQP to refine them. 

Maybe the problem with this approach is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough, leading to getting stuck in local optima. 

To address this, I could generate more varied initial guesses. For example, using different frequency components, or different types of waveforms that are not just square and triangle. 

Alternatively, using a more systematic way of generating initial guesses. For example, using a grid of frequencies and duty cycles for square waves, or adding random noise to the initial guesses. 

Another idea: instead of using differential evolution for all guesses, perhaps use a more efficient optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using a gradient-based method with a good initial guess. 

But how to get a good initial guess. 

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm for the initial exploration, then refining with local search. However, genetic algorithms are time-consuming. 

Another approach: trying to model the problem using a more structured approach. For example, considering that the optimal h is a binary function (0 or 1), and then approximating it with a continuous function. 

But since the function can be any step function, perhaps using a binary function could give the best result, but the problem allows for continuous values. 

Alternatively, using a function that has a certain number of steps. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into n parts, and selecting which parts are set to 1 or 0. But with the constraint on the integral. 

This sounds like a combinatorial optimization problem. For instance, if the interval is divided into m equal parts, and we need to select m' parts to set to 1, such that the total length is 1 (since the integral is 1, and each part has length 2/m). So m' * (2/m) = 1 → m' = m/2. 

Thus, if we have m points, then we need to select exactly m/2 of them to be 1 and the rest 0. 

This would be a binary optimization problem, where the goal is to select the positions of the 1s to minimize the maximum overlap. 

But solving this combinatorial problem would be computationally expensive for large m. However, for small m, like m=45 (as in the initial guess), it might be feasible. 

However, since the user wants a continuous function, this approach might not be directly applicable. But perhaps using this binary approach as an initial guess could be helpful. 

For example, generating a binary function with 1s and 0s, then converting it to a continuous function by smoothing the transitions. 

But how to implement this. 

Alternatively, using a binary function as the initial guess for the optimization. 

But the previous code uses continuous values, so perhaps the binary approach could provide a better starting point. 

But given the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to modify the existing code to try more diverse initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters, and perhaps include more sophisticated methods. 

For example, the previous code uses square and triangular waves. Maybe adding more types of initial guesses, like sine waves, or other functions. 

Another idea: instead of generating random perturbations, use a more structured method. For example, shifting the initial guess or applying a transformation that redistributes the values. 

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead method, which is derivative-free and can be effective for certain problems. 

But the current code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method. 

Perhaps combining multiple methods: using differential evolution for global search, then Nelder-Mead or L-BFGS for local refinement. 

Alternatively, the current code uses L-BFGS-B for refinement, which is a good local optimizer. 

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral. The current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient, but perhaps there's a way to vectorize the computation or optimize it further. 

But I think the code is already efficient in that aspect. 

Another thing to consider: the current code may not be exploring enough of the search space. For example, the initial guesses are limited to a few types of functions. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could lead to better results. 

For example, trying functions that are combinations of square waves with different frequencies, or even using a random-phase Fourier series. 

Alternatively, using a function that has a certain number of peaks and valleys, designed to minimize correlation. 

But how to generate such functions algorithmically. 

Perhaps generating a set of initial guesses by varying parameters such as frequency, duty cycle, phase, and amplitude. 

For instance, for square waves, varying the frequency from 1 to 5 and different duty cycles (like 0.25, 0.5, 0.75). 

But this requires generating multiple guesses. 

In the existing code, the guesses are [h] plus square and triangular waves for frequencies 1-5. Maybe expanding this to more frequencies and duty cycles could provide better initial guesses. 

Another thought: since the current code's best result is around 0.3811, and the target is 0.380876, perhaps trying to find a function that has a slightly lower value by fine-tuning the parameters. 

But how. 

Alternatively, considering that the function is a step function, maybe the optimal solution has a certain number of steps. For example, the function has a number of intervals where it is 1 or 0, arranged to minimize overlap. 

If I could generate a function with a specific pattern of steps, that might lead to a lower C₅. 

But without knowing the optimal pattern, this is speculative. 

An alternative plan for the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generate a variety of initial guesses, including different waveforms (square, triangle, sine, etc.), with varying parameters.
3. Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters (like population size, mutation rate) for global optimization.
4. Apply local optimization methods (like SLSQP) after global search to refine the best solution.
5. Include more refinement steps using different optimization methods to further reduce the C₅ value.
6. If time allows, perform a grid search over parameters for the optimization methods to find the best settings.

Now, considering the code structure, the previous code is already using differential evolution and SLSQP. To improve, perhaps increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution, using a larger population, or trying different mutations. 

Additionally, adding more initial guesses could help. For example, generating more square and triangular waves with different frequencies, or using other waveforms like sine waves. 

But to keep the code concise and within the time budget, perhaps focusing on optimizing the existing approach with better hyperparameters. 

Another idea: the current code uses the same number of points (n_points = len(initial_h_values) = 45). Maybe using more points could allow for a more precise optimization. However, the user prefers smaller sequences for speed. 

Alternatively, if the initial_h_values has 45 points, which is manageable, maybe trying to use higher resolution (more points) could be better, but that might take longer. 

But given the time constraint, it's better to stick with the initial number of points unless it's clearly necessary. 

Another possible optimization: using a more efficient optimization algorithm for the initial guesses. For example, using the COBYLA method instead of SLSQP for the initial guesses. 

Alternatively, using a different objective function to guide the optimization. 

Another idea: instead of trying to minimize the maximum overlap directly, maybe try to minimize the sum of overlaps over all k. This could lead to a different path, but since we are constrained to maximize the minimum, this might not be directly applicable. 

But since the problem is to minimize the maximum, perhaps trying to penalize large overlaps in the objective function could help. 

But the current code already minimizes the maximum overlap. 

Another point: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (100) for SLSQP and 40 for differential evolution. Perhaps increasing these numbers could lead to better results, but that would take more time. 

Alternatively, using a more aggressive optimization method for refinement steps. 

Given all this, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to include more diverse initial guesses, adjust the parameters of the optimization methods, and include additional refinement steps. 

For example, expanding the list of initial guesses to include more waveforms (like sine waves), different frequencies, and duty cycles. Also, increasing the number of iterations for the differential evolution and SLSQP steps. 

Additionally, using a more efficient way to compute the correlation and ensure that it's done correctly. 

So, to implement this, the code could generate more initial guesses, such as sine waves with different frequencies. 

Also, the previous code uses a fixed list of initial guesses. Maybe generating them programmatically. 

For example, adding sine waves, or other functions like sawtooth waves. 

But generating these in code would require defining new functions for them. 

Alternatively, creating more diverse waveforms by varying the duty cycle, phase, and frequency. 

Another thing to consider: the current code uses 'mode="full"' in the np.correlate function, which returns a full convolution, but perhaps the overlap integral for certain k's is not being computed correctly. 

Wait, the overlap integral is ∫₀² h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx, but x +k can go beyond the interval [0,2]. However, the current code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which outputs the cross-correlation for all shifts. However, for the integral, we need to consider the overlap between the original and shifted intervals. 

Actually, the integral for a shift k is over x where both x and x +k are within [0,2]. So the valid range for x depends on k. For example, if k is between 0 and 2, then x ranges from max(0, -k) to min(2, 2 -k). But the current code computes the full correlation and multiplies by dx. This is correct because the auto-correlation would include overlapping regions, and the dx factor scales the integral. 

Thus, the current code's approach of using np.correlate with 'full' mode and multiplying by dx is correct. 

So, the code's approach is valid. 

Another possible modification: instead of using the initial_h_values, perhaps generating a different initial guess that is more optimal. For example, using a function that has aperiodic intervals, but that's not sure. 

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values and applying some transformations, like shifting, scaling, or perturbing it with different patterns. 

But the initial code already includes a random perturbation. 

Another idea: varying the number of iterations in the optimization. For example, increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution and SLSQP steps. 

Also, using a different initial guess for the differential evolution. 

In conclusion, the key improvements to make are:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses (like sine waves, more square and triangle waves with different frequencies).
2. Adjust the optimization parameters (number of iterations, population size, mutation rate).
3. Perform more refine steps using different optimization methods.
4. Ensure that the code explores a larger portion of the search space.

Implementing these changes should lead to a better C₅ value. 

Now, translating these ideas into code. For example, adding sine waves as initial guesses, increasing the population size and iterations, and adding more refinement steps. 

But how to generate these in code. Let me sketch the code:

First, define a function to generate a sine wave. Then, add it to the initial guesses. 

But the previous code already uses square and triangular waves. Adding sine waves would increase the diversity of guesses. 

Also, including more frequencies for these waves. 

Thus, the code could generate more initial guesses by varying the frequency and other parameters. 

Additionally, the code could use more aggressive optimization parameters. 

Another thing to consider: the current code uses np.random.randn for perturbations. Maybe using a different noise pattern, like periodic noise or other structured perturbations, might lead to better results. 

But for brevity, the code will stick with the existing methods. 

Another potential change: using the 'L-BFGS-B' method for refinement with more iterations. 

In the previous code, after differential evolution, it performs refinement steps with L-BFGS-B. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or adding more steps. 

Also, using a different initial guess for each refinement step could help. 

Another thing: the code currently uses a fixed number of guesses, but perhaps generating more guesses (like 10 different square waves with varying frequencies and duty cycles) could improve the chances of finding a good solution. 

But to keep the code concise, perhaps the number of guesses is limited. 

In the end, the code should be modified to include more diverse initial guesses, optimize the hyperparameters, and refine more aggressively. 

So, here's the plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.
- Generate a variety of initial guesses, including square and triangular waves with multiple frequencies and duty cycles, sine waves, and random perturbations.
- Use differential evolution with better parameters to explore the search space.
- Refine the best guess with multiple SLSQP and L-BFGS steps.
- Track the best solution found and return it.

Now, translating this into code, ensuring that it fits the constraints and runs within the time budget. 

The final code will likely look similar to the previous one but with more varied initial guesses, possibly more refinement steps, and adjusted optimization parameters.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_square(freq, duty):
        t = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = 0.5 * (np.sign(np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * t)) + 1)
        wave = 0.5 + 0.5 * wave * duty
        return np.clip(wave, 0, 1)
    
    def generate_tri(freq):
        t = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.abs(2 * np.pi * freq * t - np.pi)
        wave /= np.pi
        wave = 1 - 2 * wave
        return np.clip(wave, 0, 1)
    
    def generate_sine(freq, phase):
        t = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        wave = 0.5 * (1 + np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * t + phase))
        return np.clip(wave, 0, 1)
    
    def generate_random_perturbation(h_base):
        return np.clip(h_base + 0.05 * np.random.randn(n_points), 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 1.5, 2.5, 3.5]:
        guesses += [generate_square(freq, 0.5), generate_square(freq, 0.25), generate_square(freq, 0.75)]
        guesses += [generate_tri(freq), generate_sine(freq, 0), generate_sine(freq, np.pi/2)]
    guesses += [generate_random_perturbation(h)]
    
    for guess in guesses:
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, guess, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9})
        if res.success:
            current_c5 = objective(res.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = res.x
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(objective, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 1.2), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        if res.success:
            res_slsqp = optimize.minimize(objective, res.x, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                         constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                                         options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9})
            if res_slsqp.success:
                current_c5 = objective(res_slsqp.x)
                if current_c5 < best_c5:
                    best_c5 = current_c5
                    best_h = res_slsqp.x
    
    def refine_with_bfgs(h_init):
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, h_init, method='L-BFGS-B', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'gtol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 100})
        return res.x if res.success else h_init
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine_with_bfgs(best_h)
        if objective(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```