<think>
Okay, let's see. The task is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and we need to get lower than that, aiming for 0.380876. The previous code used some optimization techniques with SLSQP, differential evolution, and BFGS. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, I need to understand what the problem is asking. We have to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the convolution of h and 1-h, scaled by dx. So, the goal is to minimize the maximum value of this convolution.

The previous code starts with an initial_h_values array (n=45 samples) and then uses various optimization methods. But maybe we can do better by changing the initial guess or the optimization strategy. For example, using different starting points might help avoid local minima.

Wait, the problem says that if initial_h_values is available, we should use it. But perhaps generating better initial guesses could lead to better results. The previous code generated some sine and block wave patterns as initial guesses. Maybe those aren't optimal. Alternatively, maybe a different structure for h would help, like a more complex shape that distributes the integral more evenly.

Another idea: the overlap integral is related to the maximum correlation between h and 1-h. So, the function h should be designed such that when shifted by various k, it has minimal overlap with 1-h. One approach is to create h which is a periodic function with certain properties. For example, maybe a symmetric, piecewise-constant function with multiple segments.

Alternatively, think of the problem as an optimization problem. The constraints are that the integral of h is 1, and h is in [0,1]. The objective is to minimize the maximum convolution value. But optimizing this directly is challenging because of the max over all k.

Maybe we can model this as a convex optimization problem, but since the max is involved, it's non-convex. So, perhaps a variational approach or a combination of heuristic methods.

The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a genetic algorithm or a mesh adaptive search could be better. However, the code needs to run within 100 seconds, so efficiency is key.

Alternatively, consider using a more structured approach. For example, divide the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 0 or 1, and adjust the sizes of these regions to minimize the overlap. But since the problem allows h to be any step function, perhaps the optimal solution has a certain pattern of intervals.

Wait, the problem allows h to be a step function, but the code uses samples. Maybe the previous approach was too focused on local perturbations around the initial guess. Perhaps a more global search method would be better.

Alternatively, think of this as a covering problem: h(x) should be 1 in regions where 1-h(x+k) is 0, and vice versa. But this is abstract. How to model this?

Another thought: the maximum overlap occurs when the shift k aligns regions of h with regions of 1-h. So, design h to have minimal overlap with itself when shifted. For example, if h is a periodic function with period that doesn't align with the shift increments.

But how to translate this into a specific structure? Maybe using a non-uniform distribution of h's values, ensuring that when shifted, the overlapping areas are minimized.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that has a certain number of "blocks" where h is 1 or 0, such that the overlap when shifted doesn't create large areas where h and 1-h overlap.

But the previous code uses a sine-like function. Maybe a more efficient approach is needed. Let's consider that the optimal h might have a specific pattern. For example, a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged in a way that the maximum overlap is minimized.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, over [0,2], the average value is 0.5. So, the function h(x) is zero-sum in some sense. But how does that help?

Maybe the key is to spread out the 1's and 0's of h to avoid overlaps. For instance, if h is 1 in a small interval and 0 elsewhere, then shifting it would overlap with 1-h in some regions. But if h is more spread out, maybe the overlaps are smaller.

Alternatively, think of it as a covering problem. The function 1-h(x) is the complement of h(x), so when shifting h by k, overlapping areas would correspond to cases where both h and 1-h are non-zero. To minimize the maximum of these overlaps, h should be designed such that when shifted, these overlaps are minimized in all possible shifts.

This seems similar to a binary optimization problem, but since h can take continuous values in [0,1], perhaps a more flexible approach is needed.

Another angle: for the convolution integral, the maximum over k is equivalent to the maximum over all possible shifts. So, for each shift k, the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx is the overlap. The maximum of these integrals is what we want to minimize.

To approach this, maybe consider that for a given h, the maximum overlap depends on how much of h's support and 1-h's support intersect when shifted. If the supports of h and 1-h are arranged such that their overlaps are minimized for all shifts, then the maximum will be lower.

But how to model this? Perhaps the continuous version is challenging, but the step function approach allows for a finite number of parameters.

An alternative approach is to use a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate h functions, where each individual is a vector of values. The fitness function is the maximum overlap integral. The goal is to evolve the best possible h over generations. However, the previous code uses gradient-based methods, which might get stuck in local minima.

But with a limited budget, maybe a combination of multiple optimization strategies would work better. For example, starting with a population of initial guesses (like the sinusoidal ones), then evolving them with differential evolution or genetic algorithms, then refining with local optimization.

But given the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to generate multiple initial guesses and perform local optimization on them, using the best results.

The previous code uses a few initial guesses, like sine waves and block wave patterns. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses would help, such as using different waveforms or other patterns that could lead to lower overlap.

Alternatively, generate random initial guesses but with constraints that they meet the integral condition. However, this might be computationally expensive.

Another thought: the problem is similar to the problem of finding a function with minimal correlation with its shifted versions. This is a known problem in signal processing, where functions with minimal autocorrelation are sought. For example, the optimal function would have a low autocorrelation, which is similar to the overlap integral here.

The minimal maximum autocorrelation for such functions is related to the concept of "dual" functions. However, the exact approach might not be directly applicable here.

Alternatively, maybe using a function that is a combination of delta functions, but since the integral is 1, perhaps distributing the delta-like points evenly. For example, placing points at positions that minimize the overlap when shifted. But this is vague.

Let me think about how the previous code works. It starts with the initial_h_values and generates several guesses, then optimizes each with SLSQP and differential evolution. Then, it refines the best result with BFGS.

The issue with the previous code is that it may not explore enough different starting points, leading to a local minimum. To improve, maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or using different initial patterns.

For example, instead of using sine waves, maybe try functions that have more abrupt changes, such as square waves or sawtooth waves. Also, perhaps combining multiple waveforms or using a more complex structure.

Alternatively, consider using a function that has multiple segments where h is 1, spaced apart to minimize overlap when shifted. For instance, if h is high in certain intervals and low in others, such that shifting by k causes minimal overlap between the high regions and the 1-h regions.

Another idea is to model h as a set of intervals where it is 1, and optimize the positions and lengths of these intervals. However, this would require a combinatorial approach, which might be difficult for continuous optimization.

But given the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to generate more diverse initial guesses and use a combination of optimization methods. For example, trying different waveforms, using random permutations, or other structured patterns.

Moreover, the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. The constraints ensure that the integral of h equals 1. The objective is to minimize the maximum convolution. However, the max is a non-differentiable function, making it challenging for gradient-based methods. Perhaps using a penalty method where the objective is adjusted to penalize large values of the convolution.

Wait, the previous code uses the max of the convolution as the objective, but when optimizing, it's trying to minimize that max. However, in practice, when using gradient-based methods, the max is not differentiable at its extremes. So, perhaps a better approach is to use the max value as the objective, but with some smoothing or using the Chebyshev approximation.

Alternatively, since the code computes the maximum convolution value and tries to minimize it, perhaps using a surrogate function that approximates the maximum. But again, this might not be necessary given that the previous code uses optimization with bounds and constraints.

Another thing to consider is the choice of n_points. The previous code uses n=45. Maybe increasing n_points would allow for a more precise function, but with more parameters, the optimization becomes harder. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences (under 1k) are preferred for speed. But if the initial_h_values is 45 points, maybe that's the starting point. The previous code uses 45 points.

Wait, the problem says that the initial_h_values (if available) are provided. So in this case, we can assume that initial_h_values is 45 points. So we can't change that, but we can build upon it.

So maybe the initial approach was to optimize the initial guess using various methods. But perhaps there's a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, instead of using sine and block waves, perhaps using a more structured pattern, such as distributing the 1s in h as evenly as possible across the interval [0,2], perhaps with some periodicity.

But how to model that? For example, if h is a constant function of 0.5, then the overlap would be... let's see: 1 - h(x +k) = 0.5, so the integral would be 0.5 * integral h(x) dx = 0.5 * 1 = 0.5. But that's worse than the current best. So that's not helpful.

Alternatively, if h is constructed as a sequence of intervals where it is 1 and 0, arranged to minimize overlaps. For instance, if h is 1 on intervals of certain lengths, spaced in a way that shifting by k leads to minimal overlap.

But how to determine the optimal positions and lengths?

Another idea: Since the overlap integral depends on the convolution, maybe the function h should be designed such that its Fourier transform has minimal peaks. Because the convolution is related to the product of the Fourier transforms. Wait, not exactly. The convolution (when shifted) is similar to the cross-correlation. The cross-correlation of h and (1-h) is the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. The maximum value of this cross-correlation is the objective. To minimize that, the cross-correlation should be minimized.

In signal processing, minimizing the maximum cross-correlation is related to designing a set of functions with orthogonal properties. However, the exact approach here is unclear.

Alternatively, the Fourier transform of h(x) and (1-h(x)) can be considered. The cross-correlation is the inverse transform of H(f) * (1 - H(f))*, where * is the complex conjugate. But since we are looking for the maximum value of the cross-correlation, which is equivalent to the maximum of the absolute value of the Fourier transform product. However, the exact relationship might be more complex, and this approach might not directly lead to a solution.

Another approach is to think about the problem as a covering problem. We want h(x) and 1-h(x+k) to have minimal overlap for all k. So, the function h should be such that for any shift k, the set of x where h(x) is 1 and 1-h(x+k) is also 1 (i.e., h(x) is 1 and h(x+k) is 0) is small. This might be achieved by arranging the "1" regions of h to be as spread out as possible.

For example, if h is a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart by at least some distance, then shifting h by k would result in less overlap. However, how to balance this with the constraint that the integral of h is 1.

This seems like a packing problem, where we need to place intervals of 1's such that their shifts don't overlap much.

But given that the problem allows for continuous values, not just 0 and 1, perhaps a more flexible approach is needed.

Another angle: the current best is around 0.38085. The target is 0.380876, which is slightly lower. So, even a small improvement could be significant. However, since the target is very close to the current best, it's challenging to improve further. 

In that context, perhaps the previous approach is already close to the optimal, but we can tweak it. For example, using different initial guesses or optimization parameters.

Wait, in the previous code, the initial guesses include generating sine waves and block waves. Maybe those aren't the best starting points. Perhaps generating more random initial guesses would help. Also, the code uses a fixed set of guesses, but maybe more diverse ones would be better.

Another idea is to use a combination of different optimization strategies. For example, first perform a global search with differential evolution to find a good starting point, then refine it with local optimization. The previous code does this, but may not be efficient enough.

Alternatively, use a more efficient optimization algorithm, like simulated annealing, but that's less likely to be fast.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values and perturbing it in different ways. For example, flipping certain intervals or adjusting their positions.

Alternatively, think of the problem in terms of the integral constraints and the overlap. The integral constraint ensures that the function is weight-balanced. The overlap is a measure of how much of the function is aligned with its shifted version.

Another observation: the maximum overlap occurs when the integral is maximized. So, for each k, the overlap is the measure of the set where h(x) and 1-h(x+k) are both non-zero. To minimize the maximum of these, h should be designed to minimize the overlap in all possible shifts.

If we think of it in terms of the function 1-h, the problem becomes ensuring that h and (1-h) overlap as little as possible for all shifts. This is similar to finding two signals that are as non-overlapping as possible when shifted.

But how to construct such a function?

Maybe using a function that is a union of intervals, where the intervals are arranged in a certain pattern. For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are spaced in a way that shifting them doesn't create significant overlap with the remaining intervals.

For instance, suppose the interval [0,2] is divided into several parts where h is 1 in some parts and 0 in others. The optimal arrangement would balance the lengths of the parts to minimize the overlap when shifted.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to proceed. Given that, perhaps the previous code's approach is the most viable, but with adjustments.

Looking back, the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution with multiple guesses. To improve, perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses, or using more sophisticated methods.

Another possible improvement is to precompute the correlation values and use them as part of the optimization process. For example, during the optimization steps, evaluate the correlation for all shifts and use that to guide the optimization.

Alternatively, since the overlap integral is the correlation between h and (1-h), the problem can be viewed as minimizing the maximum correlation between h and its shifted versions. This is similar to designing a function with minimal autocorrelation, but with a different target function.

In signal processing, the minimal autocorrelation is achieved by certain designs, like the Barker codes, which have very low autocorrelation. However, those codes are for binary sequences. Here, the function is continuous and has an integral constraint.

But perhaps there's inspiration from such methods. For example, creating a function that has minimal correlation with itself when shifted.

However, the exact approach is not clear. Therefore, perhaps the best way is to improve the existing code's strategies.

Looking at the previous code, it uses SLSQP with a fixed number of guesses, then differential evolution, then refinement. The constraints are handled with equality constraints. The objective is to minimize the max of the correlation.

To improve, maybe try different initial guesses, such as generating more diverse functions, like random binary patterns, different waveforms, or combinations.

Additionally, the code could benefit from more aggressive exploration during the initial steps. For example, using a larger population size in differential evolution or more iterations.

Another idea: use a genetic algorithm approach with a population of h functions, evolving them over generations. Each h is represented as an array of values, and the fitness is the maximum correlation. The genetic algorithm would select the best candidates, apply crossover and mutation, and refine them over time.

But given the time constraints, it's unclear if this would fit within the 100-second budget. However, since the previous code already uses differential evolution, which is a population-based method, perhaps adjusting its parameters could help.

For example, increasing the population size or the number of iterations. However, that would use more time and might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial steps, such as basin-hopping, which combines local optimization with global search.

But how to implement that in the code?

Alternatively, modify the initial guesses by generating more diverse ones, such as varying the frequencies or amplitudes of the generated functions.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with frequencies from 3 to 6 and amplitudes adjusted. Maybe trying more frequencies or different waveforms could help.

Another thought: the current code uses sine and block waves. Perhaps introducing more random initial guesses could help escape local optima. For example, generating random patterns with certain properties, such as having a certain number of peaks or valleys.

But generating such guesses algorithmically could be challenging.

Alternatively, use a random starting point that meets the integral constraint. For example, start with a random array of values, then adjust them to meet the sum condition. This could be done by generating a random array and then scaling it appropriately.

But this might not be as effective as more structured guesses.

Another possible improvement: since the overlap integral depends on the maximum value across all k, the problem could be addressed by focusing on minimizing the worst-case overlap, which could be done by evaluating the correlation for all possible k and minimizing their maximum. However, optimizing this with the integral constraint is computationally intensive.

In conclusion, the previous code's approach may already be quite effective, but there are possible improvements. To enhance the result, the code could:

1. Generate a larger and more diverse set of initial guesses to avoid local optima.
2. Use more sophisticated optimization strategies, such as combining differential evolution with local refinement.
3. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods to enhance exploration and exploitation.
4. Consider different waveform structures for the initial guesses, such as more complex patterns.

Now, translating these thoughts into code:

The previous code uses generate_sine and generate_block functions. Perhaps adding other functions, like triangular waves or random patterns, could help. Also, using more guesses could increase the chance of finding a better solution.

Another idea is to use the initial_h_values and generate variations by perturbing it with different patterns. For example, adding a sine wave to it, or scrambling the initial values while maintaining the integral constraint.

But since the code is supposed to be concise, adding more functions may add to the length.

Alternatively, modifying the generate_sine and generate_block functions to create more diverse patterns.

Additionally, the code uses differential evolution but with a fixed number of iterations. Perhaps increasing the maxiter could help, but that would consume more time.

To fit within the time budget, it's better to balance exploration and exploitation. For example, using differential evolution for a few iterations to find a good starting point, then refining it with SLSQP.

In the existing code, the differential evolution is run for 40 iterations with a population size of 50. This might not be sufficient. Maybe increasing the population size or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters could help.

Another thing to consider is the use of different optimization methods for different stages. For example, using a genetic algorithm for global exploration and then local optimization for fine-tuning.

However, given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to enhance the initial guess generation and use a combination of optimization strategies.

In summary, the code improvements could include:

- Expanding the initial guess generation to include more diverse patterns.
- Using more aggressive optimization steps during the initial exploration.
- Refining the final solution with more robust local optimization methods.

Now, to code this into the existing framework, I can modify the generate guesses part to include more patterns, possibly increasing the number of initial guesses, and adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better exploration.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_sine(freq, amp):
        t = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = amp * np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * t)
        return np.clip(0.5 + 0.5 * wave, 0, 1)
    
    def generate_block(freq, amp):
        t = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = amp * np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * t)
        return np.clip(0.25 + 0.75 * np.abs(wave), 0, 1)
    
    def generate_random(h_base):
        noise = 0.1 * np.random.randn(n_points)
        return np.clip(h_base + noise, 0, 1)
    
    def generate_pulse(freq, amp):
        t = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = amp * np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * t)
        return np.clip(0.5 + 0.5 * (np.abs(wave) > 0.3), 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for f in range(3, 7):
        guesses += [generate_sine(f, 0.5), generate_block(f, 0.4), generate_pulse(f, 0.5)]
    guesses += [generate_random(h)]
    
    for guess in guesses:
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, guess, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9})
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(objective, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=60,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 1.2), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        if res.success:
            res_slsqp = optimize.minimize(objective, res.x, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                         constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                                         options={'maxiter': 50, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9})
            if res_slsqp.success and objective(res_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(res_slsqp.x)
                best_h = res_slsqp.x
    
    def refine_with_bfgs(h_init):
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, h_init, method='L-BFGS-B', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'gtol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 60})
        return res.x if res.success else h_init
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine_with_bfgs(best_h)
        if objective(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```