<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get even lower, like 0.380876. The previous code uses a combination of optimization methods with an initial guess based on sine and block functions. But I need to find a better approach.

First, I need to understand the problem again. We have to find a step function h on [0,2] that integrates to 1, and minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated by taking the correlation of h with 1-h, then multiplying by dx. The lower the maximum value of this integral, the better.

The previous code tries several initial guesses, uses SLSQP, differential evolution, and then refines with BFGS. But maybe there's a better way. Maybe using more effective initial guesses, or different optimization techniques?

The constraints are that h is a step function, represented as n_points samples. The integral over [0,2] is 1, so sum(h) * dx = 1. So sum(h) = n_points / 2.

The main challenge is to balance between the integral constraint and minimizing the maximum overlap. The previous code uses SLSQP and DE, but perhaps other methods can be more effective here. Also, maybe the initial guess is not optimal. The initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe another starting point could be better.

Another idea: the problem resembles a covering problem where we want to distribute the mass of h in such a way that when shifted, it overlaps as little as possible with itself. Perhaps a more structured approach, like using symmetry or periodic functions, could help. For example, using a piecewise constant function with certain periodicity might minimize the overlap.

Wait, the current code uses sine and block functions. Maybe trying different patterns, like using different frequencies or combining multiple patterns. Also, maybe using a more efficient optimization approach, like gradient-based methods with better settings.

Let me think about the optimization. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local method. Maybe using a global optimization method first to find a good initial guess, then refining with a local method. But the previous code uses DE for that. However, DE might not be the most efficient here.

Another thought: the overlap integral can be thought of as the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) over x. For different k, we need to find the maximum of these integrals. Since the function is defined over [0,2], the shift k can range such that the shifted window is within [0,2]. For example, for k in [0, 2], since shifting by more than 2 would cause h(x + k) to be outside the domain.

But the correlation calculation in the code uses the 'full' mode, which gives the full cross-correlation. So for each k, the integral is computed. But maybe there's a way to approximate which k values are the worst cases and focus optimization on those.

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of several integrals, perhaps a Lagrange multiplier approach can be used, but with the high dimensionality (n_points), it's not feasible analytically. So numerical optimization is necessary.

Now, what about the starting point? The initial_h_values is given. Maybe the initial guess is already close to the optimal, but we can tweak it. However, to avoid getting stuck in local optima, maybe starting with a different structure is better.

Wait, the previous code generates multiple guesses: sine waves, block functions, random perturbations. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. But with limited time, it's better to focus on a few good initial structures.

Another approach could be to use a construction that creates multiple intervals where h is 0 or 1, arranged in a way that overlaps with shifts are minimized. For example, using a pattern that repeats every certain interval, ensuring that when shifted, the overlap is minimal.

For example, if h is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, then shifting by k would overlap with the intervals. The goal is to arrange the intervals such that for any shift k, the integral is minimized. However, since the integral must be 1, the total length of intervals where h is 1 is 1 (since integral over [0,2] is 1). So maybe using a periodic pattern with certain spacing.

Alternatively, using a function that has a certain number of peaks and valleys. For instance, a function that is high in some regions and low in others, such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

But how to translate this into a concrete construction? Maybe using a more structured approach than random perturbations.

Another thought: the current code uses Differential Evolution (DE) for global optimization. But maybe a better global optimization method, like Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) or simulated annealing, could find better initial points. However, given the time constraints, perhaps DE is already sufficient, but with adjusted parameters.

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of different optimization techniques. For instance, start with a global optimizer to find a good starting point, then use a local optimizer to refine it.

Wait, the previous code first does some SLSQP with generated guesses, then DE, then BFGS. Maybe that's okay, but perhaps the initial guesses could be more focused.

Another angle: the overlap integral for a given k is ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx. Let's think about this integral. For each x, h(x) is multiplied by 1 - h(x + k). So when h(x) is 1, this term becomes 0, and when h(x) is 0, it becomes 1. So to minimize the integral, we want h(x) to be 1 where h(x +k) is 1, and 0 where h(x +k) is 0. This resembles a kind of anti-correlation between h and its shifted versions.

Therefore, the optimal h should be such that it avoids being 1 in regions where shifting by k would cause it to be 1 again. This seems like a covering problem where the function is designed to have minimal overlap with its shifted versions.

An approach that might work is to use a function that is 1 on certain non-overlapping intervals, but with some overlapping when shifted. However, since the integral must be 1, the total length of 1s is 1, so the intervals can't be too spread out.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 in a set of intervals arranged in a way that when shifted by k, the overlaps are minimized. For example, using a set of intervals that are spaced apart by more than some threshold. But how to determine the optimal spacing?

Alternatively, think of the problem as covering the interval [0, 2] with a function h that is 1 in certain regions, such that for any shift k, the intersection of the 1's regions with the shifted regions is as small as possible.

But given the integral constraint, it's a balance between the coverage and the overlaps. For example, if h is 1 in a single interval of length 1, then shifting it by k will cause overlap. The maximum overlap would be when the shift aligns the intervals, leading to higher overlap integrals. So that's probably not optimal.

A better approach might be to use multiple intervals. Suppose h is 1 in m intervals, each of length l, such that m*l = 1. The challenge is to arrange these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap with their shifted versions.

For example, if we arrange the intervals in a way that the distance between centers is large enough. However, this might not be straightforward to model.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function with a symmetric structure, like a triangular wave or a square wave with certain properties.

Another thought: since the integral is over [0,2], perhaps using a function that is 1 in a set of points that are spaced in a way to avoid overlaps when shifted. However, this seems too vague.

Let me think about the current code. The initial guess might be a starting point, but maybe a better initial guess could be constructed. For example, if the initial_h_values is a good starting point, maybe modifying it by adding more structure.

Wait, the initial_h_values could be a better starting point. Let's consider that.

But the code provided already uses initial_h_values. So perhaps the key is to improve the optimization process. For example, using a more efficient optimization algorithm, adjusting parameters like the number of iterations, population size in DE, etc.

Another idea: the previous code uses differential evolution with a certain population size and maxiter. Maybe increasing the population size could lead to better exploration, but that would take more time. Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where after some steps, the code switches to a local optimization.

Another point: the current code uses SLSQP with equality constraint. Maybe using other constraints, like bounds, could help. Also, perhaps incorporating a penalty method for the constraints.

But how to make this efficient within the time budget of 100 seconds?

Alternatively, maybe using a random search with more variance. But the DE method is better for global optimization.

Wait, another approach: using a physics-inspired optimization, like simulated annealing, but that might be too slow.

Alternatively, perhaps using a surrogate model to approximate the objective function and optimize more efficiently. But that's more complex.

Another idea: the overlap integral for different k's might have different sensitivities. For example, some shifts are worse than others. So maybe focusing the optimization on those shifts that contribute the most to the maximum.

But how to identify those shifts? It would require evaluating all k's and finding the ones with high integrals, then focusing the optimization on those.

Alternatively, during optimization, the code could track the maximum integral and try to minimize that. But the current code already does that by taking the max of the correlation.

Another possible improvement: using a better initial guess. The previous code uses a few generated guesses. Maybe generating a better initial guess by using a known good pattern.

For example, a function that has certain periodicity. Let's say we create a function that is 1 in intervals of length 0.5, spaced apart in a way that when shifted, overlaps are minimized. For example, with a spacing of 0.5, but that's just a guess.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 in four intervals of length 0.25, placed symmetrically. But how to determine the placement?

Alternatively, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point. Let's assume that the initial_h_values is already somewhat optimized. Then, perhaps the key is to perform more refined optimization steps.

The previous code does some steps with SLSQP and DE, then refines with BFGS. But maybe using a different refinement step, like a more advanced local optimizer, could help.

Another thought: the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum of several convex functions. Therefore, using a method that targets each maximum value individually could be effective. However, this is not straightforward.

Alternatively, using a coordinate descent approach, updating each point in h to reduce the maximum integral, but that could be too slow.

Another possible optimization step: the code currently uses a fixed number of iterations for each optimization method. Maybe adjusting the parameters to allow for more iterations when necessary, but within the time constraint.

Let me think about the code structure. The run function first uses several guesses generated by sine and block functions, then applies SLSQP. Then uses DE for a few iterations, then BFGS. The code also has a refinement step with BFGS.

But maybe the order of these steps can be adjusted. For example, starting with DE to find a good global minimum, then using SLSQP for refinement. Or starting with a better initial guess.

Alternatively, adding more initial guesses based on different structures. For example, using a combination of sine waves with varying parameters, or other functions.

Another aspect: the code uses a fixed n_points. Maybe trying a smaller n_points could be faster. However, the current initial_h_values has n=45, which is manageable.

Wait, the problem states that smaller n_points are preferred, as they are faster. But the initial code uses a fixed n_points. Maybe trying different n_points can yield better results. However, since the initial_h_values has n=45, maybe sticking to that is better.

But the user says "smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred". So if the initial n_points is 45, perhaps that's acceptable.

Now, considering the previous code's results, the current best is 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. So there's a small improvement needed. The code's current approach might be getting stuck in a local minimum.

To improve, perhaps the code should:

1. Use a better initial guess.
2. Use a more efficient optimization algorithm.
3. Explore different regions of the search space more effectively.
4. Refine the solution more thoroughly.

For the initial guess, maybe generate a better structure. For example, using a function that is 1 in intervals spaced in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. For example, placing intervals of length l at positions spaced by s, such that s is chosen to minimize the overlap.

But how to choose l and s? Let's think: the total length of h being 1, so if there are m intervals of length l, then m*l = 1. Suppose the intervals are placed symmetrically around the center.

For example, placing 4 intervals of 0.25 length spaced at 0.5 apart. Then, when shifted by k=0.5, each interval would overlap with the next one. The overlap would be 0.25 * 0.25 * ...? Hmm, this might be too vague.

Alternatively, using a set of intervals such that the distance between any two intervals is more than some value. For instance, placing intervals with a certain spacing so that when shifted, their overlaps are minimized.

But again, how to compute the optimal spacing? This might require some analysis.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a covering problem where the overlap must be minimized. For example, the optimal h would be one that is as "spread out" as possible, so that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much with itself.

But how to translate this into a function? Maybe using a function that is 1 in many small intervals, spaced apart. For example, using a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a periodic manner. Like a square wave with certain frequency.

But how to determine the frequency? Let's imagine a square wave with period p, so that the function alternates between 1 and 0 every p/2 units. Then, shifting by p/2 would cause the function to overlap perfectly. That's bad. So the frequency needs to be chosen such that the shifts don't align the intervals.

Alternatively, using a square wave with a certain duty cycle. For example, a function that is 1 for 1/3 of the time and 0 for 2/3, arranged periodically. But again, the exact parameters are unclear.

Another idea: using a function that is 1 in certain regions that are spaced in a way that the shifts would not align them. For instance, if the function has a certain number of peaks and valleys, and when shifted by different amounts, the overlaps are minimized.

Perhaps the previous code's initial guess, which is based on sine and block functions, is already a good start. But maybe generating more structured initial guesses could help.

In any case, the code's structure should be adjusted to:

- Use a better initial guess or more diverse initial guesses.
- Refine the optimization steps with better methods or parameters.
- Track the best solution found over time and stop early if possible.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the previous code's approach is already sufficient, but minor adjustments can help. For example, modifying the generated guesses, adjusting the optimization parameters, or using different optimization methods.

Another possible improvement is to use a different method for the initial guesses. Instead of adding sine and block functions, maybe use a more structured approach. For example, creating a function that is 1 in certain intervals based on a predefined pattern.

Alternatively, using a direct construction where the function h is created by dividing the interval [0,2] into equal segments and assigning h(x) based on some rule. For example, a function that is 1 in certain positions and 0 elsewhere, optimized for minimal overlap.

But how to construct this?

Another angle: the overlap integral is maximized for some particular shifts. For example, shifts that align the function with itself. So, if we can ensure that for all such shifts, the overlap is minimized, that would be ideal.

But how to ensure that? Maybe by making h(x) as aperiodic as possible, or using a function that is not periodic.

Another thought: the problem is similar to the problem of designing a set of intervals that minimizes the maximum overlap with their shifted versions. This might relate to some existing mathematical problems.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is over [0,2], perhaps the worst-case shift is around k=1, since shifting by 1 would bring certain parts of the function into overlap with others. So focusing on minimizing the overlap for k=1 could be beneficial.

But this is just speculation. In any case, the code needs to find a way to minimize the maximum over all k.

Let me think about how to modify the previous code. The previous code uses several generated guesses and then applies DE and SLSQP. Maybe adding more initial guesses or varying the parameters of the generated functions could help. For example, generating different frequencies for the sine and block functions.

Another idea: the initial_h_values is provided. Maybe using that as the initial guess and then performing a more detailed optimization around it. Alternatively, generating a slightly perturbed version of the initial guess.

But the previous code already does some perturbations with random guesses.

Another possible optimization: in the previous code, the refinement with BFGS is done after DE. Maybe combining DE with a more sophisticated local optimizer could help. Alternatively, using a hybrid approach.

Another point: the objective function is the maximum of the correlation. The previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the cross-correlation for all shifts. Then, the maximum value is taken. However, the correlation calculation could be optimized to only consider shifts that are within a certain range. For example, considering only shifts that could potentially cause overlap, which might reduce computation time.

But with n_points=45, the correlation vector has length 89, which is manageable.

Another thing to consider is the constraint sum(h) must be n_points / 2. The previous code enforces this with an equality constraint in SLSQP and DE. That's correct.

Now, what about the optimization methods? The SLSQP method might be getting stuck in local minima, but with a good starting point, it may be effective. The DE might explore the search space better.

But maybe the code can be improved by using more efficient parameters for DE, like a larger population size, more generations, or different mutation strategies.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm could be more effective, but that's not in the current code.

In terms of code structure, the previous code uses a combination of SLSQP, DE, and BFGS. Perhaps adding more phases of optimization, such as a few rounds of DE followed by SLSQP, could help.

Another possible change: instead of using a fixed number of iterations for each optimizer, dynamically adjust based on the remaining time. For example, if the budget is not exhausted, continue refining.

But implementing this would require tracking the elapsed time and adjusting the number of iterations.

Another point: the BFGS refinement may not be sufficient. Maybe using a more robust local optimizer like COBYLA, which handles bounds and constraints better.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method with more iterations.

But given the time constraint, it's challenging to make all these changes.

So, what's the plan for the code?

The current code starts with initial guesses, then applies SLSQP, DE, and BFGS. Perhaps adding more initial guesses based on different structures, and refining the optimization steps.

For example:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Generate more initial guesses based on different functions, such as different sine frequencies, block functions with varied parameters, or a combination of them.
- Use DE for global search with a higher population size or more iterations.
- Use SLSQP with more iterations for local refinement.
- Refine further with BFGS or COBYLA after DE.

Additionally, after generating the initial guesses, perhaps using the best one and optimizing it further with different methods.

Also, ensuring that the code tracks the best solution found so far and continues to refine it, even if the time is limited.

Another idea: instead of using the same DE parameters, perhaps using a different DE setup for the initial stages and then switching to a more thorough search.

But in the previous code, the DE is called with maxiter=40, which may be too low. Increasing this to 100 or more could help, but time is limited.

Alternatively, limiting the DE runs but being more efficient.

Another possible change is to use the initial_h_values as the main starting point and only apply certain optimizations to it, instead of generating many guesses. This could save time and focus on a better region.

But how to know if the initial_h_values is a good starting point? If it's already close to the optimal, then the refinement steps can lead to improvement.

In the previous code, after generating several guesses and optimizing them, the best solution is refined with BFGS. Maybe the initial_h_values is already a good candidate, and optimizing it further could yield better results.

So, to improve, perhaps:

- Use the initial_h_values as the main starting point.
- Apply multiple rounds of optimization: first with DE to explore nearby regions, then with SLSQP, then BFGS.

But the current code already does this with several guesses. Perhaps the main issue is the initial guesses not being diverse enough.

Alternatively, generating a better initial guess by modifying the initial_h_values.

Another approach: using a function that creates a stepwise function with certain intervals. For example, a function that is 1 in some intervals and 0 elsewhere, with intervals arranged to minimize overlap. This could be created by dividing the interval [0,2] into m parts and setting h to 1 in certain parts.

For instance, if m=4, then the total area would be 1, so each interval would have length 0.5. Then, placing them in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. For example, placing them with a spacing that ensures that the shifted versions don't overlap.

But how to calculate this?

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 in all even intervals and 0 in odd intervals, but this depends on the arrangement.

This is getting too vague. Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to improve the optimization steps and ensure that the initial guesses are more effective.

So, let me outline the changes:

1. Use more diverse initial guesses by generating functions with different structures.
2. Increase the number of DE iterations or population size to improve global search.
3. Optimize the SLSQP and BFGS steps with better parameters.
4. Use the initial_h_values as a primary starting point.
5. Refine the best solution multiple times with different optimization methods.

Implementing these changes in the code.

For example, in the generate guesses part, adding more functions like triangular waves, or varying the frequencies and amplitudes of the sine and block functions.

Also, adjusting the DE parameters to have more iterations, but within the budget.

Another adjustment: the previous code uses 'full' mode for correlation, which gives the full cross-correlation. However, for some shifts, the integration might be over the domain [0,2], so perhaps only certain shifts are relevant. For example, shifts k in [0,2], since shifting by more than 2 would take the function out of the domain. However, the 'full' mode includes all possible shifts. But maybe the most significant shifts are around k=0.5, 1.0, etc. So maybe focusing the optimization on those shifts could help.

But this would require modifying the objective function to focus on specific shifts, which complicates things.

Alternatively, the objective function remains as is, but during optimization, the code can prioritize reducing the maximum value.

Now, translating this into code adjustments.

In the previous code, the initial guesses are generated with a few frequencies. Maybe increasing the number of generated guesses or varying the parameters.

For example, for generate_sine, varying frequencies from 1 to 5, and for generate_block, varying frequencies and amplitudes.

But the code currently does this for frequencies 3 to 6. Maybe increasing the range.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values as a base and generate guesses by adding small perturbations around it.

But the previous code already has a 'generate_random_perturbation' function.

In summary, the key changes could be:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses.
- Increase DE parameters for more thorough exploration.
- Use more effective local optimization steps after DE.

Now, let's try to implement these changes in the code.

In the code, the 'guesses' list is created by adding several generated functions. Perhaps expanding the frequencies for sine and block functions could help find better initial guesses.

Also, the DE step could have more iterations. For example, changing maxiter from 40 to 50 or 100, but requiring more time. However, with a time budget of 100 seconds, it might be feasible.

Another possible change: replacing some of the SLSQP optimizing steps with more efficient methods.

But given the time, the code will need to be concise.

So, here's the plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the main guess.
- Generate additional guesses with different frequency and amplitude parameters.
- Use a more thorough DE search with increased maxiter and population size.
- Apply multiple rounds of SLSQP and BFGS refinement.

Now, implementing this in code:

The code will:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Generate several initial guesses based on sine and block functions with varying parameters.
3. Use DE to find the best guess among the generated ones.
4. Refine the best guess with SLSQP and BFGS.
5. Return the best solution found.

Another adjustment is to refine the code's DE parameters to allow more iterations and better exploration.

So, modifying the 'guesses' part to include more frequencies and parameters.

Also, adjusting the DE parameters in the code to have more maxiter, perhaps 100, but with a popsize of 50.

Another possible change is to use a different optimization method for the initial steps.

Finally, ensuring that the code tracks the best solution and stops when the time is up.

With these changes, the code might find a better solution, improving the C₅ bound.

Now, writing the code based on these ideas, making sure it's concise and within the token limits.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_sine(freq, amp):
        t = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = amp * np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * t)
        return np.clip(0.5 + 0.5 * wave, 0, 1)
    
    def generate_block(freq, amp):
        t = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = amp * np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * t)
        return np.clip(0.25 + 0.75 * np.abs(wave), 0, 1)
    
    def generate_random_perturbation(h_base):
        return np.clip(h_base + 0.1 * np.random.randn(n_points), 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for f in range(3, 5):
        guesses += [generate_sine(f, 0.6), generate_block(f, 0.5), generate_block(f, 0.6)]
    guesses += [generate_random_perturbation(h)]
    
    for guess in guesses:
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, guess, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9})
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(objective, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=60,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 1.2), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        if res.success:
            res_slsqp = optimize.minimize(objective, res.x, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                         constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                                         options={'maxiter': 50, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9})
            if res_slsqp.success and objective(res_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(res_slsqp.x)
                best_h = res_slsqp.x
    
    def refine_with_bfgs(h_init):
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, h_init, method='L-BFGS-B', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'gtol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 60})
        return res.x if res.success else h_init
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine_with_bfgs(best_h)
        if objective(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```