<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The task is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The previous code used a triangular waveform as an initial guess and then applied local optimization with SLSQP. But maybe there's a better way.

Hmm, the current best is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. So the goal is to improve upon that. The existing approach used a triangular waveform, which might be a good starting point, but perhaps there's a better initialization or a different optimization strategy.

First, the initial approach used a triangular waveform. Maybe another structured shape would be better? Like a square wave or a more complex waveform. But the problem is that the function has to be a step function, so maybe there's a way to construct a more optimal shape.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Perhaps trying a global optimization method, like genetic algorithms or something else, might help escape local minima. However, with the time budget, maybe that's not feasible. Or maybe using a combination of initial random mutations and local optimization.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum correlation, maybe there's a way to model this as an optimization problem with constraints. The previous approach already uses constraints, but maybe adjusting the objective function or the way the problem is structured could help.

Wait, the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. So the previous code computes the cross-correlation between h and 1-h, then takes the maximum. But perhaps there's a way to make this problem more tractable by considering that the maximum occurs at certain shifts. However, finding which shifts contribute most might be difficult.

Another thought: the triangle function might not be optimal. Maybe a more irregular pattern with varying heights could lead to better results. For instance, creating clusters of high and low values that are spaced out to avoid overlap.

But how to generate such a pattern algorithmically? Maybe using a combination of periodic functions or a more sophisticated initialization. Alternatively, using a randomized approach where the initial guess is generated with certain properties.

The previous code used a triangular waveform. Let me think about that. The triangular waveform is a smooth function, but maybe a piecewise constant function with specific regions could be better. For example, having the function take values 0 or 1 in certain intervals. But when choosing the intervals, they need to be arranged so that the overlap with shifted versions is minimized.

Wait, the function h is a step function, which is allowed. So maybe creating a step function with a certain pattern of blocks. For example, alternating between 0 and 1 in a particular sequence. But how to determine the optimal pattern?

Another approach: since the integral over the function h is fixed (sum(h) = 35 when n=70), perhaps a more optimal function would have regions where it's 1 and 0 in a way that when shifted, the overlapping areas are minimized. For example, placing the 1s in such a way that their shifted versions don't overlap too much. This seems similar to a scheduling problem or a packing problem.

But how to translate that into an algorithm? Maybe using a genetic algorithm where each individual is a sequence of 0s and 1s (or other values) that satisfies the sum constraint. However, with n=70, that might be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initialization. The previous code used a triangular shape. Maybe instead, using a more irregular shape. For example, starting with a square wave-like function, or having multiple peaks and valleys.

Another idea: perhaps the current approach is too focused on local optimization, and a better strategy would be to generate multiple diverse initial configurations and then perform optimization on them. For example, using a combination of different initial shapes (like triangle, square, random) and then optimizing each one.

Also, the previous code used a fixed number of perturbations (50 candidates). Maybe increasing that number could lead to better results, but it might take more time. However, the time budget is limited to 1100 seconds. So need to balance the number of candidates with the time each optimization takes.

Wait, the previous code's main issue might be that it's getting stuck in local optima. So perhaps a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, could be more effective in exploring the search space. However, scipy's differential evolution might be too slow for the problem's constraints.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimizer, or adjusting the parameters of SLSQP. For instance, changing the convergence criteria, or using different initial guesses.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed perturbation approach. Maybe generating a more diverse set of initial candidates by sampling from different distributions. For example, generating candidates that are more random, but still constrained by the sum and bounds, and then performing optimization on those.

Also, the projection function might be causing some issues. The previous code projects the perturbed h back to the feasible region by clipping and scaling. That's important to make sure that the optimization stays within the constraints. However, maybe there's a better way to handle the constraints during optimization.

Wait, the constraints are handled via the bounds and the equality constraint for the sum. So the SLSQP method should handle that. But maybe the initial guess is too far from the optimal region, leading to slow convergence. So perhaps using a better initial guess is crucial.

The current code starts with either the initial_h_values or the triangular wave. If the initial_h_values are good, then starting from there might be better. However, if the initial guess is not optimal, then the algorithm might not find the best solution.

So perhaps the best approach is to use a more diverse initial guess. For example, generating several different initial configurations, like the triangle, square, and random, then performing optimization on each and selecting the best.

Alternatively, using a more structured approach for the initial guess. For example, dividing the interval [0, 2] into segments where the function h takes values that are 1 in some regions and 0 in others, arranged in a way that the overlap is minimized.

But how to determine these regions? Maybe using a periodic pattern. For instance, having the function h be 1 for certain intervals and 0 for others, with the intervals spaced such that when shifted, the overlapping areas are minimized.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to code. So perhaps the best way is to proceed with a combination of initial guesses and optimization.

Another point: the evaluation uses np.correlate with mode 'full'. For a step function, this computes the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum of these values is the C5. So, to minimize C5, we need to minimize this maximum over all shifts.

So, the optimization problem is a constrained minimization of a non-smooth function (since the maximum of a set of functions is non-smooth, and the cross-correlation depends on the shifts). This makes the problem challenging for gradient-based methods.

Maybe the key is to find a function h that has as little overlap as possible when shifted by any k. This is similar to designing a sequence with low autocorrelation, which is a known problem in signal processing. The optimal solution would be a function with low autocorrelation, possibly with specific properties.

In that case, maybe using a known low autocorrelation sequence. However, the problem here is different because it's about the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h, not the autocorrelation of h.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be transformed. Let me think: since the cross-correlation of h and 1 - h at shift k is ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, to minimize the maximum of this over all k.

This seems similar to the problem of designing a function that is as non-overlapping as possible with its shifted versions. So, perhaps using techniques from binary sequences with low correlation.

But the function here is not necessarily binary. However, maybe using binary sequences could be a starting point. If h is binary, then the cross-correlation would be the number of overlaps between 1s in h and 0s in the shifted h, scaled by dx.

But the sum of h is 35, which for binary h would mean that there are 35 ones in the 70-point array. So, a binary sequence with exactly 35 ones.

The problem then reduces to finding a binary sequence with 35 ones that minimizes the maximum number of overlapping 1s with shifted versions. This is similar to the concept of a "binary sequence with minimal cross-correlation".

In such cases, the optimal sequences are often those that are as uniformly distributed as possible. For example, a de Bruijn sequence or a sequence with low autocorrelation.

Wait, but the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h is different from the autocorrelation of h. Let me re-express the cross-correlation. Let's denote that the cross-correlation at shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) dx. Let's expand this:

∫ h(x)dx - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx = 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx.

But ∫ h(x) dx is fixed (we have that sum(h) * dx = 1, so ∫ h(x)dx = 1). Therefore, the cross-correlation is 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx. Therefore, the maximum of the cross-correlation is equal to 1 minus the minimum of ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx over all k.

Wait, that's an important observation. Because the cross-correlation at shift k is 1 minus the integral of h(x) h(x +k) dx. Therefore, to minimize the maximum cross-correlation, we need to maximize the minimum of the integrals ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx over all k.

So the problem becomes: find h such that the minimum over k of ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx is maximized. Because the original objective is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation, which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of these integrals.

Hmm, interesting. This rephrasing might suggest that the problem is related to maximizing the minimal autocorrelation of h. So perhaps the optimal h is one that has high autocorrelation for all shifts, but this seems contradictory. Wait, no. Because we want to maximize the minimal value of ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx. For example, if h is such that its autocorrelation is high for all shifts, then the cross-correlation would be small (since it's 1 minus the autocorrelation). So, the goal is to maximize the minimal autocorrelation.

But how to approach this? It's a difficult optimization problem. For the case of binary sequences, this might be related to the concept of a "balanced" sequence. For example, a sequence that is as uniform as possible.

Another approach: considering that the integral ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx is the cross-correlation of h with itself. If we can maximize the minimal value of this cross-correlation, then the original problem's maximum cross-correlation (C5) will be minimized.

In signal processing, sequences with low autocorrelation are desired for certain applications, like in radar or communications. So perhaps finding a sequence h with high minimal autocorrelation would be the way to go. But I'm not sure about the exact methods here.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the previous approach is the best bet, but with some modifications. Let me look back at the previous code.

The previous code uses a triangular waveform as an initial guess, then applies SLSQP optimization with random perturbations. It projects the perturbed values back into the feasible region. However, maybe the initial guess is not optimal, and using a different initialization could help.

An alternative initialization could be to generate a binary sequence with 35 ones, arranged in a way that spreads them out as evenly as possible. For example, placing each 1 at intervals. Such as, for 70 points, placing a 1 every other point. But that would give 35 ones, which is exactly what we need. However, the problem is that the cross-correlation at shifts would be higher for some shifts. For example, shifting by 1 would have overlaps between the 1s and the next positions.

Alternatively, arranging the ones in a way that avoids overlapping when shifted. For example, using a de Bruijn sequence, but I'm not sure about the specifics.

Alternatively, using a random binary sequence with 35 ones. However, the random approach might not be efficient. But maybe generating multiple random initial guesses and optimizing them could lead to better results.

Another idea: use a more sophisticated mutation strategy. Instead of adding Gaussian noise, which might perturb the function in a way that is not effective, maybe using techniques like simulated annealing or other global optimization methods. But again, time is limited.

Alternatively, precompute multiple initial guesses and perform optimization on each. For example, initializing with the triangular waveform, with a random binary sequence, and with a more structured pattern.

But how to implement this in code without exceeding the time budget?

Perhaps the previous code's approach is not sufficient, and we need to adjust it. Let me think about possible changes:

1. Use a different initial guess, such as a binary sequence with 35 ones spread out evenly. However, generating such a sequence requires some algorithm.

2. Use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the differential evolution algorithm, which is better at exploring the search space.

But scipy's differential evolution can be used with constraints. However, handling the equality constraint (sum(h) = 35) might be more complex.

Alternatively, using a library like Pyomo or other optimization packages, but the problem states that we can use scipy, numpy, and cvxpy. Let me check the available options.

The previous code uses SLSQP. Maybe switching to a global optimization method like differential evolution could help in finding better solutions, even if it's slower. However, the time budget is tight.

Another idea: increasing the number of initial candidates. For instance, instead of 50, try more candidates but with different mutation strategies.

Alternatively, using a combination of different initializations. For example, generate multiple different starting points and perform optimization on each.

But the code needs to fit within the time constraints. For example, if each optimization takes about 10 seconds, then with 50 candidates, it would take 500 seconds, leaving 600 seconds for further steps.

Alternatively, using a more efficient algorithm for the optimization. For instance, using the SLSQP method with a better initial guess.

Wait, the previous code starts with the initial_h_values or the triangular waveform. Maybe the initial_h_values provided by the parent construction is better than the triangular one. So using that as the starting point could be more effective.

But the user says that the previous program's initial guess could be the triangular waveform. However, in the current task, the 'initial_h_values' variable is available if a parent construction exists. So perhaps the optimal approach is to use that initial guess and then perform optimization on it.

Another thing to consider is that the current code's objective function computes the maximum cross-correlation, but in the previous code, the objective function is defined as the maximum of the cross-correlation. However, during the optimization, perhaps the code could be modified to use a different formulation.

Wait, the code's objective function is "objective(h)" which is the maximum of the cross-correlation. But the SLSQP method is trying to minimize that. However, since the cross-correlation is non-smooth (due to the max), the optimization might have difficulty. Maybe using a different formulation, such as using a penalty function, or using a different objective that's smoother.

Alternatively, using a different approach to compute the maximum cross-correlation. For example, compute the cross-correlation for all shifts, then take the maximum and use that as the objective function. That's what the current code is doing.

Another potential issue is the use of 'full' mode in np.correlate. For the cross-correlation between two sequences of length n, the 'full' mode gives a result of length 2n - 1. However, the shifts k range from -n+1 to n-1. But for our purposes, we are interested in shifts from 0 to n-1, but the code may need to consider all possible shifts. Wait, no: the problem defines the overlap integral for all k. So, the shifts can be any integer, but in the discretized case, the shift is by an integer number of dx steps. So the code's current approach should be correct.

Another idea: precompute all possible shifts and find the maximum. The current code does that with np.correlate. So that's correct.

So, perhaps the main issue is the optimization approach. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of perturbations. To improve this, maybe use a more effective mutation strategy, or a different optimization algorithm.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach. However, implementing that within the constraints is complex.

Alternatively, increasing the number of iterations in the optimization process. For example, allowing more iterations in each SLSQP call.

Another thing: the projection function may be causing the optimization to get stuck in certain regions. For instance, when the sum is not exactly 35, the scaling could be causing inaccuracies. However, the code ensures that the sum is correct after projection.

Hmm. Let's think about the previous code's performance. The previous code achieved a C5 of 0.381227, which is slightly worse than the current best of 0.38085. So there is room for improvement. To achieve a better result, the code needs to find a solution with a lower value.

One possible improvement is to use a more efficient initial guess. For example, using a binary sequence with 35 ones arranged in a way that minimizes the maximum overlap with its shifted versions. For example, placing the ones as evenly as possible.

For instance, if the points are divided into 35 positions, each shifted by about 2 positions, then the overlap would be minimized. However, how to create such a sequence algorithmically?

For example, for 70 points, we can create a binary sequence where every other point is 1. That would give exactly 35 ones. However, the cross-correlation with shifts would have overlaps. For example, shifting by 1 would lead to overlaps between the 1s and the next positions. But maybe the maximum cross-correlation would be lower than the current code's result.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated method to distribute the ones. For example, placing the ones in a way that maximizes the minimum distance between consecutive ones. This is similar to the concept of the greedy algorithm for packing points.

So, the idea is to place a 1 in the array, then skip a certain number of positions, place the next 1, etc. However, since the array is of length 70, and we need 35 ones, the optimal way would be to place a 1 every other position. That's exactly what I mentioned earlier.

But if that's the case, maybe that initial guess could be better. So perhaps generating a binary sequence where every other point is 1. Let's test this idea.

For example, for n=70, a binary sequence where h[i] is 1 if i is even, else 0. This would have 35 ones. Then, when shifted, the cross-correlation would be the number of overlapping 1s. For example, a shift of 1 would have 35 overlaps (each 1 at even positions overlaps with the next 1 at even positions +1? No. Wait, if the original sequence has 1s at even indices, then shifting by 1 would align the 1s with the odd indices, resulting in 0 overlap. However, shifting by 2 would align the original 1s with the same positions, leading to 35 overlaps. Wait, that can't be right. Because the original sequence has 1s at even indices, shifting by 2 would move the 1s to the same positions, so their cross-correlation would be 35. But since the original sequence has 35 ones, the integral would be 35 * dx. But since dx is 2.0 / 70 = 0.02857, then the cross-correlation for shift 2 would be ∫ h(x) h(x+2) dx. For the binary sequence, this is the number of overlapping 1s divided by the step size. Wait, the integral for shift k is the number of overlapping 1s (since each step is dx, and the integral would be the number of overlaps multiplied by dx). But for the binary sequence with 1s every other position, the number of overlapping 1s for shift 2 would be 35 (since each 1 in the original aligns with a 1 in the shifted sequence). However, for shift 1, the overlapping 1s would be zero, because the original sequence has 1s at even positions and the shifted sequence has 1s at odd positions (since shifting by 1 moves each 1 to an odd position). Similarly, for shift 3, it would be same as shifting by 1. So the maximum cross-correlation for this binary sequence would be 35 * dx ≈ 35 * 0.02857 ≈ 1.0, which is way higher than the current best. Therefore, this is a bad initialization. So the initial idea is wrong.

Ah, I see. So a binary sequence with 1s every other position is not a good initialization because there are shifts where the cross-correlation is very high (like shift 2), leading to a higher C5 value. Therefore, this approach is not helpful.

So, returning to the original idea of using a triangular waveform. Perhaps the initial approach is the best, but with some modifications. For example, using a different initial guess, or adjusting the mutation parameters.

Another idea: the previous code used a fixed number of perturbations (50) and ran SLSQP on each. However, maybe some of these perturbations are not effective. Perhaps using more diverse mutations or different mutation strategies.

For instance, instead of adding Gaussian noise with a fixed standard deviation, varying the noise parameters could lead to better exploration. Or, using more structured mutations, such as swapping certain regions of the h array.

Alternatively, using a combination of different mutation types. For example:

1. Add Gaussian noise to clusters of points. For instance, selecting random clusters of 7-10 points and adding noise to them.

2. Flip some points randomly (salt-and-pepper noise).

3. Scale certain regions up or down.

But how to implement this efficiently in code?

Alternatively, using a random mutation to perturb the current solution, then projecting and optimizing.

Another idea: the previous code uses a simple perturbation strategy. Maybe using a more effective optimization method, such as using the 'bounded' version of the SLSQP with better convergence.

Alternatively, using the 'method' 'SLSQP' with different settings, like increasing the maxiter or adjusting the tolerance.

But with the time budget, the code needs to be efficient.

Another potential issue: the current code uses a projection function to ensure that the constraints are met. However, in the optimization, the constraints are already handled by the bounds and sum constraint. So the projection may be redundant. For example, in the SLSQP optimization, the bounds are already enforced, and the equality constraint ensures sum(h) is 35. Therefore, the projection might not be necessary. However, it's included to handle cases where the perturbation goes out of bounds. It's possible that removing or adjusting the projection function could lead to better optimization.

Alternatively, the projection might be causing the optimization to create solutions that are not optimal. So maybe removing the projection and relying solely on the constraints.

But if the perturbation goes out of bounds, the optimizer will handle it through the bounds. So the projection might not be needed.

Hmm. Let me think. In the code's current approach, after perturbing, the perturbed_h is projected by clipping and scaling. This ensures that the sum is correct. But if the perturbation makes the sum too large or small, the projection adjusts it. However, in the SLSQP optimization, the constraints already include the sum equality. Therefore, maybe the projection is redundant, and the SLSQP will handle the sum constraint. So adding the projection might not be necessary, and could even be harmful by introducing a non-smooth operation.

If the projection is removed, then the optimization could proceed with the sum constraint and bounds. However, the initial perturbation must be within the bounds. So it's possible that the projection is helping to keep the perturbations within bounds, thus allowing the optimizer to function correctly.

But perhaps removing the projection and relying on the optimizer to handle the constraints could be better. However, this requires careful testing.

In any case, given the time constraints, the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a better initial guess, possibly use a different mutation strategy, and adjust the optimization parameters to improve the results.

Another idea: the current code uses a triangular waveform as an initial guess, which is smooth. But perhaps a more jagged shape with better properties could be better. For example, a function that has more peaks and valleys, which might lead to a lower maximum overlap.

Alternatively, using a more complex waveform like a sawtooth or a sine wave. However, the triangular wave is already a good starting point.

Another thought: the code's current objective function may be too expensive to compute. The np.correlate function computes the full cross-correlation, which is O(n^2) time. For n=70, this is manageable, but perhaps optimizing the evaluation of the objective function could speed up the code. However, given that the code is already within the budget, this might not be necessary.

Another possible optimization: precompute the shifts and use a more efficient way to calculate the maximum cross-correlation. But again, this is already handled.

Perhaps the main improvement is to use a different initialization. For example, using the initial_h_values provided by the parent construction, which may be a better starting point than the triangular waveform.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values is used if available, else the triangular waveform. So if the parent construction provides a good initial guess, that would be better. However, the problem states that the current best C5 is 0.38085, so perhaps the initial guess provided is not the best.

Assuming that the initial_h_values is a good starting point, then using that and running the optimization could lead to better results.

Another idea: using a different optimizer for the final refinement. For example, using a more robust optimization method like COBYLA, which handles bounds and constraints without requiring gradients. However, the previous code uses SLSQP.

Alternatively, combining multiple optimization methods. For example, starting with a genetic algorithm to generate diverse candidates and then using SLSQP for fine-tuning.

But implementing a genetic algorithm would take time. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to slightly modify the existing code to use a different mutation strategy and better initializations.

Let me summarize the proposed changes:

1. Use the initial_h_values if available, which might be a better starting point than the triangular waveform.

2. Improve the mutation strategy. For example, instead of adding Gaussian noise to the entire array, adding noise to random clusters of points. This could help explore different configurations.

3. Use a more efficient optimization algorithm or parameters, such as increasing the number of optimization iterations and adjusting tolerances.

4. Remove or modify the projection function to avoid introducing non-smooth operations that might hinder the optimization.

5. Increase the number of perturbations to explore more candidates and avoid local minima.

But given the time, I need to code this efficiently.

Another idea: instead of using 50 candidates, use more perturbations with different mutation types. For example, for each iteration:

- Generate a random cluster (e.g., 7-10 points) and add Gaussian noise to them.

- Apply salt-and-pepper noise by flipping some points to 0 or 1.

- Scale certain regions of the function.

However, this might complicate the code, but perhaps it's better than the current uniform noise.

Alternatively, using a polynomial-based mutation, such as perturbing the function in a way that maintains its shape.

But I'm not sure. Given time constraints, perhaps the best way is to modify the previous code to use the initial_h_values, apply more diverse mutations, and use a better optimizer.

In code, this would mean:

- Using the initial_h_values if available.

- Generating more diverse candidates by changing the perturbation strategy.

- Using a better initial guess.

- Possibly using a different optimization method.

But given the time, let me proceed to code.

The previous code used a triangular waveform as the initial guess if no initial_h_values is provided. However, the current code may have the initial_h_values as a better starting point. So the code should prioritize using that.

Another thing to check: in the current code, when the initial_h_values is available, it's used. Otherwise, the triangular waveform. So that's correct.

So, the plan is:

- Use the initial_h_values if available.

- Use SLSQP optimization with multiple perturbations.

- Modify the mutation strategy to be more diverse.

- Optimize the parameters of the SLSQP solver.

So, in code, the main changes would be:

- Change the initial guess to use initial_h_values if available.

- Increase the number of iterations or perturbations.

- Adjust the standard deviation of the perturbation.

- Consider other mutation types.

But how to implement this?

Alternatively, the code could use the SLSQP optimizer with different settings, such as increasing the maxiter or adjusting the tolerance.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed perturbation of 0.05 standard deviation. Maybe increasing this allows for more exploration.

But given the risk of overshooting the constraints, it's better to keep it small.

In the end, after considering all possibilities, the best approach is to use the previous code but with some modifications to the mutation strategy and the projection function. Perhaps removing the projection function and relying on the optimizer to handle the constraints.

So, modifying the previous code to remove the projection step, and relying on the optimizer to maintain the bounds and sum.

But the previous code has the projection function, which may be causing the optimizer to not explore effectively. Removing it would allow the optimizer to handle the constraints directly.

Alternatively, adjust the projection function to be more efficient.

But given the time, I'll proceed to write the code with the following changes:

- Use the initial_h_values if available.

- Increase the number of initial perturbations.

- Modify the perturbation to be more structured.

- Use a better optimization method.

But since the time is limited, perhaps the best way is to proceed with the previous code but with some adjustments.

Another possible change: using random binary sequences as initial guesses. For example, generate multiple binary sequences with 35 ones and optimize them.

However, generating such sequences may be computationally expensive, but for the sake of the problem, maybe it's worth trying.

But given the time, I think the best way is to proceed with the modified code that uses the initial_h_values and improves the perturbation strategy.

Here's the code:

The previous code uses initial_h_values if available, else the triangular waveform. The code then generates perturbations with Gaussian noise, projects, and optimizes. The code may need to be adjusted to use the initial_h_values and possibly remove the projection function.

But the code must be written in a way that fits the constraints. So, to proceed, I'll write the code with the following changes:

1. Use initial_h_values if available.

2. Use a different mutation strategy, such as adding Gaussian noise with a smaller standard deviation, or using a different perturbation method.

3. Possibly remove the projection function to let the optimizer handle the constraints.

But in the code, the projection function is used. Let's see:

The code has a 'project_h' function that clips the values and scales them. If this is removed, the perturbation will be allowed to go out of bounds, but the bounds in the SLSQP optimizer will handle that. However, the sum constraint is enforced via the equality constraint.

But the projection function is used after perturbation. So, if we remove it, the perturbation may lead to h outside the [0,1] range, but the optimizer will handle it, as the bounds are set.

However, removing the projection function may make the code more efficient. But in practice, the optimizer may handle the bounds, and the projection may not be needed.

So, removing the projection function and relying on the SLSQP constraints may be better.

Therefore, in the code, the 'project_h' function can be removed.

Thus, the code would be:

- Initialize h with the initial_h_values or the triangular waveform.

- Generate perturbations by adding Gaussian noise.

- Run SLSQP optimization with the bounds and sum constraint.

This could potentially lead to more effective optimization.

So, the code needs to be modified accordingly.

Another thing: the current code uses 50 perturbations and runs SLSQP on each. Perhaps increasing the number of perturbations to 100 could lead to better results, but this depends on the budget.

But with the time budget of 1100 seconds, and each perturbation taking around 20 seconds, 50 perturbations would take 1000 seconds, leaving 100 seconds for refinement.

But if the code can be made more efficient, potentially more perturbations could be tried.

In any case, the final code should be structured to use the best possible initial guess and optimized parameters.

After these considerations, I'll proceed to write the code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize, Bounds
import random

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    if 'initial_h_values' in globals() and len(initial_h_values) == 70:
        initial_h = initial_h_values.copy()
    else:
        n = 70
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n)
        h_tri = 1 - np.abs(x - 1)
        h_tri = h_tri / np.sum(h_tri) * (n / 2)
        initial_h = h_tri
    
    dx = 2.0 / 70
    n = 70
    
    def objective(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h):
        return np.sum(h) - n / 2
    
    constraints = [{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}]
    bounds = Bounds([0.0]*n, [1.0]*n)
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = np.copy(initial_h)
    current_h = np.copy(initial_h)
    current_c5 = objective(current_h)
    if current_c5 < best_c5:
        best_c5 = current_c5
        best_h = current_h
    
    np.random.seed(seed)
    for _ in range(50):
        perturbation = np.random.normal(0, 0.04, size=n)
        perturbed_h = current_h + perturbation
        perturbed_h = np.clip(perturbed_h, 0.0, 1.0)
        perturbed_h = (perturbed_h * (n / 2)) / np.sum(perturbed_h) if np.sum(perturbed_h) > 0 else perturbed_h
        
        result = minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_h,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=constraints,
            tol=1e-8,
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9}
        )
        
        if result.success:
            new_c5 = result.fun
            if new_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = new_c5
                best_h = result.x
                current_h = result.x
    
    result_final = minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=best_h,
        method='SLSQP',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=constraints,
        tol=1e-8,
        options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9}
    )
    
    if result_final.success and result_final.fun < best_c5:
        best_c5 = result_final.fun
        best_h = result_final.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n
```