Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to lower the current record from 0.38085 to at least 0.3807. The previous approach used a combination of grid search and gradient-based optimization, but it couldn't get much below 0.3812.

Hmm, I remember that the problem is about finding a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap over all shifts is minimized. The overlap is calculated using the correlation between h and 1-h, scaled by dx.

The initial approach I saw used a coarse grid search followed by gradient descent. But maybe I need a different strategy. Let me think about alternative optimization methods. Evolutionary algorithms often work well for non-convex problems. They can explore the solution space and escape local minima, which is exactly what I need here.

So, a genetic algorithm (GA) withTabu search makes sense. The GA can handle global exploration, while the Tabu search helps avoid getting stuck in local optima. Also, integrating local gradient descent can refine the solutions found by the GA.

I should check the mathematical aspects. The variables are the h values, constrained between 0 and 1, with their sum equal to n_points / 2. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap, which is a non-linear function involving the correlation.

For the implementation, I'll set up a population of candidate solutions. Each solution will be a vector h, with n_points=35 as given. The initial population can include multiple perturbed versions of the initial_h_values, plus some random solutions to ensure diversity.

The GA steps would involve evaluating each candidate, applying crossover and mutation, and then using gradient descent on the best candidates to refine them. The Tabu memory will keep track of recent solutions to avoid cycling.

I need to make sure that after each mutation and crossover, the constraints are enforced: clip the values to [0,1] and normalize the sum. This ensures feasibility at each step.

The fitness function is the maximum overlap value. The GA will work to minimize this. After each generation, I'll check if the best solution has improved. If there's no improvement for a while, I'll adjust mutation and crossover rates to explore more.

I allocate the time budget: initial setup takes 30s, GA loops for 450s, final refinement for 18s. Each generation includes evaluating all population members, which includes computing their C5 values. So time per generation is crucial; maybe around 0.5 to 1 second per eval.

I should include escape mechanisms if the solver doesn't converge or if the solution goes out of bounds. The fallback is to return the best feasible solution found so far.

Testing the plan, I have to ensure the final h satisfies the constraints and that the C5 value is correctly evaluated. Also, check for NaNs or infeasibilities.

So, the plan is to implement a evolutionary strategy combining GA and Tabu search, with gradient descent for local refinement, starting from the initial solution and exploring the space effectively.
</think>

<strategy>

1. Approach and rationale

The proposed strategy addresses the non-convex nature of the Erdős minimum overlap problem by using a hybrid of genetic algorithms and Tabu search. This approach balances global exploration with local refinement, leveraging the strengths of both methods to overcome the limitations of gradient-based optimization alone.

The key ideas are:
1. Use genetic algorithms (GA) to explore the solution space globally, allowing for the discovery of promising regions that may be missed by local methods.
2. Incorporate Tabu search to prevent revisiting similar solutions and to escape local optima.
3. Apply gradient-based refinement to exploit promising candidates found by the GA.
4. Maintain feasibility throughout the search by enforcing constraints at each step.

This approach is particularly suited to the non-convex nature of the problem, where local minima are common. The combination of global and local search methods improves the chances of finding a tighter bound for C₅.

2. Mathematical specification

Variables:
- h: Candidate solution vector, h ∈ [0,1]^n, n=35
- P: Population of candidate solutions, |P|=50
- F: Fitness (C5 metric) for each candidate, F ∈ ℝ^|P|
- T: Tabu memory to store recently visited solutions, |T|=100
- M: Mutation rate, adaptive parameter ∈ (0,1)
- C: Crossover probability, adaptive parameter ∈ (0,1)

Objective:
Minimize C5 = max_k ∮ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx * dx

Constraints:
1. ∑h = n_points / 2 exactly
2. h[i] ∈ [0, 1] for all i

Operations:
1. Fitness evaluation via np.correlate
2. Population initialization strategies:
   a. Perturb initial_h 10 times with σ=0.02
   b. Add 5 random valid solutions
3. Crossover and mutation operators
4. Tabu memory management
5. Local gradient descent refinement

3. Implementation procedure

A. Initialization
1. Read initial_h_values if available
2. Generate diverse population:
   a. Perturb initial_h 10 times with σ=0.02
   b. Add 5 random valid solutions
3. Initialize Tabu memory T as empty
4. Initialize parameters:
   M = 0.15 (mutation rate)
   C = 0.7 (crossover probability)
   population_size = 40
   tabu_limit = 50

B. Population Fitness Evaluation
For each candidate h in population P:
1. Compute fitness F via evaluate_erdos_solution
2. Clip h to [0,1], normalize sum to n_points/2
3. Store in Tabu memory after fitness evaluation

C. Genetic Operations
1. Crossover:
   a. Randomly select two parents with probability C
   b. Create child via mask crossover
2. Mutation:
   a. Apply mutation with probability M
   b. Clip and repair constraints

D. Improve with Gradient Descent
1. Every 10 generations, select top 5 candidates
2. Refine each with SLSQP for 100 iterations
3. Compute new fitness, update population

E. Adaptive Parameter Update
1. If stagnation detected (>50 gens without improvement):
   a. Increase M by 0.1 (max 0.5)
   b. Decrease C by 0.1 (min 0.3)
   c. Halve tabu_limit
2. If improvement found:
   a. Decrease M by 0.05 (min 0.05)
   b. Increase C by 0.05 (max 0.9)
   c. Reset stagnation counter

F. Termination and Return
1. Stop when time budget exhausted or C5 target met
2. Return best feasible solution found
3. Ensure final solution passes validation checks

4. Search choices and useful variations

Default Configuration:
- Population size: 40
- Mutation rate: 0.15
- Crossover probability: 0.7
- Tabu limit: 50
- Max stagnation gens: 50

Alternative Initialization Strategies:
1. Start with uniform distribution
2. Bias towards initial solution variations
3. Use adaptive resolution sampling

Variations in Genetic Operators:
1. Alternative crossover masks (e.g., two-point, uniform)
2. Different mutation distributions (e.g., uniform)
3. Adaptive mutation sizes

5. Compute budget and robustness

Time Allocation:
- Initial population: 30 seconds
- Genetic search: 450 seconds
- Gradient refinement: 18 seconds
- Final validation: 50 seconds

Robustness Measures:
1. Tabu memory prevents revisits
2. Adaptivity escapes stagnation
3. Gradient descent refines good solutions
4. Feasibility maintained via repair
5. Multiple termination conditions

6. Validation and return contract

Final Checks:
1. Ensure 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 for all i
2. Verify sum(h) == n_points / 2 ± 1e-6
3. Compute C5 via evaluator
4. Check for NaNs or infeasibility
5. Validate against previous best

Return Format:
- List of 35 floats h
- Achieved C5 bound
- n_points = 35

</strategy>