<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and I need to get lower than that. The previous approach used a multi-start optimization with L-BFGS-B and COBYLA, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better way.

First, let me understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h integrates to 1 over [0,2], and each h(x) is between 0 and 1. 

The previous code uses a multi-start approach with perturbations, then refines with COBYLA. But maybe a different optimization strategy could find a better minimum. Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of several integrals, it's a convex optimization problem? Wait, no. Because the maximum of convex functions is convex, and the integral is linear. Wait, the objective function is the max over k of ∫h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So each term for each k is a convex function? Or maybe not. The problem is non-convex because the max is involved. So traditional convex optimization methods may not work, and we need to use global optimization techniques. However, with the high dimensionality (n_points could be up to 1000?), even that is challenging.

The previous code used L-BFGS-B and COBYLA, which are local optimizers, so they might get stuck in local minima. To improve, perhaps we can use a different approach. For example, maybe using a genetic algorithm or other metaheuristics, but those can be slow. But since the time budget is 100 seconds, maybe it's manageable. Alternatively, maybe we can use a more structured approach, like splitting the interval [0,2] into regions and trying to model h as a piecewise constant function with certain properties.

Another thought: the problem resembles the covering problem, where we want to design h such that when shifted by any k, the overlap is minimized. The integral for a shift k is the overlap between h and 1 - h shifted by k. So, the max of these overlaps is the C₅ value. To minimize this maximum, maybe we can arrange h such that it's spread out in a way that overlapping with its shifted versions is minimized.

An idea is to use a symmetric pattern. For example, if h is symmetric around 1 (the midpoint of [0,2]?), perhaps that could reduce overlap. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe use a periodic or fractal-like structure.

Another approach is to model this as a continuous optimization problem and use gradient-based methods with a more effective initialization. The previous code starts with the initial_h_values, which is probably a good starting point, but maybe there are better starting points. For example, maybe using a random starting point with some structure.

But since the user mentioned that the initial_h_values are available, maybe we can use that as a starting point, but try different perturbations. However, the previous approach used Laplace perturbations. What if we try other kinds of perturbations, like Gaussian, or even more structured ones like flipping certain regions?

Wait, the previous code uses a multi-start approach with random perturbations. Perhaps to make it more effective, we can consider different initializations. For example, instead of starting from the initial_h_values, maybe start from a different structure, like a uniform distribution, or a more spread-out pattern. But the initial_h_values is given, so maybe we should start from that.

Another thought: the problem involves integrating over all shifts k. The maximum over k of the overlap. Maybe we can find a way to approximate this maximum and use that as the objective function in an optimization. But the integral over x for each k is computationally heavy. However, with the discretization, we can compute the cross-correlation as done in the previous code, using np.correlate, which is efficient.

Another idea: the previous code uses a full convolution, but maybe some shifts are more critical than others. For example, the maximum overlap is likely to occur at shifts that are multiples of a certain interval. If we can find the critical shifts and focus the optimization on them, it might be more efficient. However, I'm not sure how to identify those shifts.

Alternatively, maybe we can model h as a piecewise constant function with certain properties. For example, if h is composed of m intervals where it's 0 or 1, then the problem reduces to choosing the positions and lengths of these intervals. But with m being small, maybe this is manageable. However, with the given time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a simpler optimization approach. For example, instead of using L-BFGS-B and COBYLA, try using a genetic algorithm. However, genetic algorithms can be slow, but maybe with a small population and early stopping, it could work within the 100 seconds.

But I need to think about how to implement this in code efficiently. Let's think about the code structure. The previous code starts with initial_h_values and uses a multi-start approach with perturbations. Maybe improving the perturbation method or using a different optimization algorithm would help.

Another idea: instead of using local optimizers like L-BFGS-B and COBYLA, use a global optimization method. However, with the time budget, this may be challenging. But since the problem is small (n_points up to maybe 500?), maybe it's possible.

Alternatively, use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the SLSQP method in scipy.optimize, which handles constraints better. But the previous code already uses that in the COBYLA step. 

Wait, the previous code uses L-BFGS-B for multi-start and then COBYLA for refinement. Maybe we can adjust the hyperparameters, like increasing the number of iterations or changing the tolerance. Or maybe using a different method for the initial steps.

Another possible improvement is to use the fact that the maximum over k is the same as the maximum of certain cross-correlation values. Perhaps we can model this as a quadratic optimization problem. However, since the integral is linear in h, the maximum over k would complicate things. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a relaxation approach where the maximum is approximated by a sum or other heuristic. But this might not be accurate enough.

Another angle: the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum overlap between the function and its shifted versions. This is akin to designing a function with low autocorrelation. In signal processing, this is similar to designing a pulse with low sidelobes. So maybe techniques from that field can be applied. For example, using a matched filter approach or using a discrete Fourier transform to analyze the autocorrelation.

For example, the autocorrelation of h(x) would be ∫h(x)h(x + k) dx. Our problem is similar but involves the product of h(x) and 1 - h(x + k). But maybe the same principles apply. So, to minimize the maximum of these products, we need to design h(x) such that it's spread out in the frequency domain. 

This suggests that h(x) should have a Fourier transform with certain properties. However, how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem is unclear. But perhaps we can use this insight to guide the optimization. For example, using a function that has a low Fourier transform, which would imply that the autocorrelation is minimized. However, I'm not sure how to incorporate this into the optimization.

Another approach: since the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap over shifts, perhaps we can use a gradient-based method where the gradient is computed with respect to h, and then perform a descent. However, the objective function is the maximum of several terms, each of which is a linear function in h. So the maximum is a convex function, and the gradient exists almost everywhere. Therefore, gradient-based methods might be applicable here. 

But how to compute the gradient? For each shift k, the integral ∫h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx can be written as the integral of h(x) - h(x)h(x+k) dx. So, the maximum of these terms. The gradient with respect to h would be the sum of the gradients of each term, but since it's the maximum, the derivative would be the gradient of whichever term is the maximum. 

But this seems complicated to implement. However, if we can compute the gradient numerically, we could use a method like L-BFGS-B. The previous code already uses that. So perhaps the problem is that the previous code's approach is not sufficient, and we need to find a better starting point or optimization strategy.

Another idea: try using different initializations. The initial_h_values might be a local minimum. So, perhaps starting with a different initial guess, such as a random binary vector (with sum n_points/2) or a uniform distribution, could lead to better results. 

Alternatively, we can generate multiple different initial guesses and run them, then pick the best. However, the previous code already uses multi-start with perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of starts or using different perturbations (like random swaps or inversions) would help.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. The previous code uses np.correlate, which is fast. But maybe there's a way to vectorize the computation further or optimize the code to make it faster, allowing more evaluations within the time budget.

Alternatively, reduce the number of points. The previous code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 45. Maybe using a larger n_points would allow more precise h values, but the time increases. However, the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. So perhaps the current n_points is acceptable, or maybe even better to use a larger number of points for better precision. Wait, the problem says "smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred - they are faster to optimize and evaluate." So 45 is acceptable. But maybe using a larger n_points, say 80, could lead to better results. However, the code may take longer, so need to balance.

But the previous code starts with n_points as the length of initial_h_values. Let's check: initial_h_values is a list of 45 items. So n_points is 45. The user wants smaller sequences. Maybe the current approach is acceptable.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of several integrals, maybe we can use a more targeted approach. For example, find the shifts k that are most critical and ensure that the integrals for those k are minimized. However, without knowing which shifts are critical, this is difficult.

Alternatively, precompute the shifts that are most likely to be the maximum, such as k near the boundaries of the [0,2] interval. For example, k could be 0.5, 1.0, etc. Then, focus the optimization on minimizing the integrals for those critical shifts.

But how to know which shifts are critical? Perhaps the maximum overlap is achieved when k is around the length of the interval. For example, for the original Erdős problem with C_5, the optimal solution might involve shifts that are 1 unit apart. So, maybe the critical shifts are those that are 1 unit apart. 

But I'm not sure. Alternatively, since the integration is over x in [0,2], the shift k could be up to 2. So, when we compute the cross-correlation, the maximum k would be 2. So, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the full cross-correlation. The maximum of these values, multiplied by dx, is the C5 value.

But for the current approach, perhaps the previous code already computes that. So, maybe the issue is not with the code's structure but with the optimization algorithm and initial parameters.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. It does 3 multi-starts with L-BFGS-B, then a COBYLA refinement. The noise is added with np.random.laplace(0, 0.05), which is a small perturbation. Maybe trying different noise types or larger perturbations could help escape local minima.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the initial_h_values, generate a set of different initial points that are structured but not based on the initial_h_values. For example, a random binary sequence with the correct sum, or a more evenly spread sequence. However, the user said "when initial_h_values is available, use it directly." So perhaps the initial approach is correct, but we need to tweak the hyperparameters or algorithm.

Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm. For example, using the SLSQP method for the initial steps. But the previous code uses L-BFGS-B for the initial steps. 

Another possibility: instead of using a direct optimization, use a surrogate model. But that might be too complex for the time budget.

Alternatively, use derivative-free optimization methods. For example, the Nelder-Mead simplex method. However, the previous code uses gradient-based methods, which might be faster and more accurate.

Hmm. Since the previous code achieved C5 of 0.381143, and the target is 0.380876, which is slightly lower, perhaps we need to tweak the optimization process. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a different initial perturbation.

Another idea: during the multi-start phase, instead of adding Laplace noise, use a different perturbation. For example, randomly flipping some elements of h. But since the elements are in [0,1], maybe using a binary sequence with the same sum. However, the initial_h_values are not necessarily binary, so this could complicate.

Alternatively, during the multi-start, use a more aggressive perturbation, but with constraints to keep the sum fixed. This might help escape local minima.

Another thought: the constraint sum(h) = target_sum is linear, and the objective function is the max of several linear functions. So, this is a constrained optimization problem with a convex objective (since the max of convex functions is convex), but the problem is non-smooth. Therefore, using a subgradient method or proximal gradient method could be applicable. However, these might be more complex to implement.

But given the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to adjust the existing code. For example, increasing the number of multi-start iterations, or increasing the number of perturbations. Or using a different optimization method.

Let me think about the previous code's code structure. It uses scipy.optimize.minimize with L-BFGS-B, which is a local optimizer. The constraints are handled with the equality constraint. The noise is added with Laplace, which has a heavier tail than Gaussian, so maybe it's more effective for perturbations. 

Another idea: instead of adding Laplace noise, use a uniform distribution perturbation. Or mix different types of noise. 

But perhaps the main issue is that the initial_h_values might be a local minimum. So trying different starting points could help. 

Alternatively, if the initial_h_values is not the best starting point, perhaps generating new initial points. But the user says to use the initial_h_values if available. 

Alternatively, the code should try to optimize the structure of h, not just perturbations. For example, using a genetic algorithm where we evolve the h values. But implementing a genetic algorithm within the time budget might be challenging. For example, if the code can generate a few generations, it could exploit different structures. 

But given that the previous code uses 3 multi-starts, which is already limited, perhaps increasing that number would help. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, each iteration has to be fast. 

Another possible optimization: using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For instance, precomputing all the required shifts and using vectorized operations. But the current code uses np.correlate, which is already efficient. 

Another thought: during the optimization, maybe the maximum is not computed correctly due to floating point precision issues. However, the code seems correct in that aspect. 

Another idea: use the fact that the overlap integral for k is the same as the integral for k' = -k, due to the symmetric nature of the interval. So, the maximum overlap may occur for certain symmetric shifts. This could reduce the number of shifts to consider, but it's unclear how to incorporate this into the optimization.

Alternatively, focus the optimization on specific shifts that are likely to be the maximum. For example, the maximum might occur when k is such that the overlap regions are maximized. However, without knowing which k's are relevant, this is difficult.

Another approach: to approximate the problem using a continuous optimization where h is a function, not a step function. However, the problem requires h to be a step function, so this is not directly applicable.

Hmm. Given the time constraints and the need to improve upon the previous result, perhaps the best approach is to slightly modify the existing code. For example, increasing the number of multi-start iterations, adjusting the noise parameters, or trying different optimization methods like SLSQP.

Let me think about the existing code's parameters. It does 3 multi-starts, then a COBYLA refinement. Maybe increasing the number of multi-starts would help, but each multi-start takes time. With 100 seconds, maybe 5 multi-starts could be done.

Alternatively, using a combination of different optimization methods. For example, using a global optimization method like differential evolution for the initial steps, followed by local refinement.

But the user mentioned that the code should be written without filesystem or network IO, and using scipy's optimization methods. 

So, here's a plan: 

1. Start with the initial_h_values.
2. Perform a multi-start optimization with different starting points generated by various perturbations. For example, using both Laplace and uniform noise, or flipping certain elements.
3. Use different optimization methods for the initial steps, such as differential evolution, which can explore the search space more thoroughly.
4. Refine the best solution with a gradient-based method (like L-BFGS-B or SLSQP).
5. Ensure that the code stays within the time budget by adjusting the number of iterations and the number of starts.

However, the previous code uses L-BFGS-B and COBYLA. Let me think about possible changes:

- Maybe using the SLSQP method for the multi-start steps, since it can handle constraints more effectively.
- Increasing the number of starts or the iterations in each start.
- Trying different noise parameters for perturbation.
- Using a different initial h, like a random binary vector with the correct sum.

But since the user says to use the initial_h_values if available, the code should start from that. However, the code might benefit from different initializations. 

Another idea: generate multiple starting points by varying the initial_h_values in different ways, such as splitting the interval into blocks and varying the h values in each block. However, this could be computationally intensive.

Alternatively, during the multi-start step, instead of adding noise, randomly permute the h values or flip certain regions. For example, flip a random subset of the elements between 0 and 1. 

But how to implement that. For example, for each start in the multi-start phase:

- Take the initial_h_values, and for a certain number of elements, randomly choose to flip them (0 to 1 or vice versa) while keeping the sum constant. However, this is not straightforward to do while maintaining the sum. 

Alternatively, use a small number of swaps: swap the values of two elements, ensuring that the sum remains the same. For example, if h[i] is 0.5 and h[j] is 0.5, swapping them doesn't change the sum. But this might not be helpful.

Alternatively, use a random binary vector with the same sum as the initial_h_values. But this would require generating such a vector, which could be done by first generating a vector with the correct number of 0s and 1s, then filling in the rest with 0.5 or other values. However, the initial H might not be binary, so this approach may not be directly applicable.

Another idea: Since the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but perhaps the optimal solution is not in the neighborhood of that initial guess. Therefore, using a different starting point could be beneficial. For example, generating a random starting point with the same sum as the initial_h_values, but with different values. 

However, the code as written starts from the initial_h_values. To explore other regions, maybe during the multi-start phase, generate new starting points with some structure. 

For example, during the multi-start phase, create a new starting point by splitting the interval [0,2] into equal parts and assigning h to be 0 in some parts and 1 in others. For example, if the initial_h_values has a certain pattern, maybe a different pattern could be better. 

But how to implement that. For example, if the initial_h_values is a step function with certain intervals set to 1, maybe a different set of intervals could be tried. However, this requires a way to generate different step patterns, which could be complex.

Alternatively, during the multi-start phase, use different initial patterns:

- For each start, generate a new pattern by randomly selecting a subset of the points to set to 1 and the rest to 0, ensuring that the sum is correct. This is a binary pattern, which could be a good starting point.

But how to ensure that the sum is correct. If we have n_points, and the target sum is n_points/2, then exactly half of the points should be 1 and the rest 0. 

So, for example, we could generate a random binary vector with exactly half 1s and half 0s. However, this would only work if n_points is even. For the initial_h_values with n_points=45, which is odd, the target_sum is 22.5, which is not an integer. But the code uses sum(h) == n_points/2, which is 22.5 for 45 points. However, the code uses np.sum(h_values) == n_points / 2, so the actual h_values must have a sum close to that. 

But in reality, when using a binary pattern for h, the sum would be exactly n_points/2 if n_points is even. For odd n_points, this is not possible, so we need to have floor or ceiling. But this complicates. 

However, the initial_h_values may not be a binary vector. So, generating a binary vector with sum close to 22.5 could be done. For example, for 45 points, have 23 ones and 22 zeros, resulting in sum 23, which is close to 22.5. But this would introduce a small error, which could be acceptable. 

But this would be a different starting point. So during the multi-start phase, generate multiple such binary vectors and optimize them. 

This could be a way to explore the search space more effectively. 

Alternatively, generate more structured patterns, such as periodic functions or other shapes that might reduce the maximum overlap.

But how to implement this in code. 

Another idea: use the previous code's structure but enhance the multi-start phase by adding different starting points. For example, three types of perturbations: Laplace noise, uniform noise, and binary reshuffling. 

So, modifying the code's multi-start phase to try different perturbations for each start. For example, each start could be a different perturbation method. 

In the previous code, the multi-start uses Laplace noise. Maybe adding other perturbations would help. 

But given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to stick with the previous structure but tweak parameters. 

Another possible tweak: instead of using COBYLA for refinement, use the SLSQP method, which might be more efficient. 

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. 

Also, adjusting the tolerance in the optimization methods to allow more precise convergence. For example, reducing the ftol parameter. 

Another idea: during the multi-start phase, use a larger number of starts. For example, instead of 3, do 5-10 starts. This would increase the chances of finding a better minimum. 

But with time budget, each start takes time. So, perhaps each start runs for fewer iterations. 

Another possible adjustment is to use a different optimization method for the multi-start steps. For example, using the differential evolution method for global optimization. 

Let me think: the differential evolution (DE) algorithm is a global optimization method that can explore the search space more thoroughly. However, it's more computationally intensive. But if the code uses DE only for the initial stages and then refines with a local method, it could be effective. 

But the previous code uses L-BFGS-B for multi-start. Let me test this idea. 

In code, the multi-start could be done with DE, and then the best solution is refined with COBYLA. 

However, the user mentioned that the available optimization methods include scipy.optimize, which includes differential evolution. 

But implementing this would require writing code to use differential evolution. 

But how to handle the constraints. The differential evolution method can handle bounds and constraints, but the constraint here is an equality constraint (sum h = target). 

In scipy, the differential evolution method (optimize.differential_evolution) allows for bounds but not for constraints. Therefore, to handle the equality constraint, we need to use a method that supports it. 

Alternatively, we can use a method like SLSQP, which supports constraints. 

Alternatively, the code could transform the problem by allowing the sum to be a variable and use penalty terms. 

But this complicates the objective function. 

So, perhaps using differential evolution with bounds and then applying the constraint during the optimization. 

But this is getting complex. Maybe it's better to stick with the previous approach and make small modifications. 

In the previous code, the multi-start uses L-BFGS-B with 3 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of multi-start iterations would help. 

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial steps. 

Another plan:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point and perform a few multi-starts with different perturbations (like laplace, uniform, and binary reshuffling).
- For each start, run with a high number of iterations for L-BFGS-B.
- Then refine with COBYLA.
- Monitor the time and adjust the number of starts and iterations accordingly.

Let me adjust the code accordingly. For example, increasing the number of multi-starts from 3 to 5, and using different perturbations. 

Thus, in the code, during the multi-start phase, instead of just adding Laplace noise, generate other starting points. 

For example, in each multi-start iteration, generate a new starting point by either:

1. Adding Laplace noise to the initial_h_values.
2. Flipping some elements randomly (uniformly selecting a few elements to invert).
3. Generating a random binary vector with the correct sum (as close as possible).

This would increase the chances of finding better solutions.

But implementing this requires some code. 

Also, the code should ensure that the sum remains correct. For example, when generating a random binary vector, we need to ensure that the number of 1s is approximately half the n_points. 

But for n_points=45, which is odd, the target sum is 22.5. So the binary vector would have 22 or 23 ones. 

But this is a possible approach. 

In code, during the multi-start phase, perhaps generate one of these types of starting points. 

But given that the code must stay concise, it might be challenging to implement multiple perturbation methods. 

Alternatively, for each multi-start, randomly select one of the three methods. 

But given the time constraints, it might be best to focus on the existing approach and tweak the parameters. 

Another possible adjustment is to increase the number of iterations in the L-BFGS-B method. For example, change 'maxiter' from 50 to 100, or increase the ftol. 

Also, the previous code returns the best_c5 after each iteration, so it could be that even if one of the multi-starts leads to a slightly worse solution, the refinement with COBYLA might improve it. 

But the code seems to be fairly optimized. 

So, what's the main way to improve? Perhaps adjusting the perturbations. 

In the previous code, the noise is added with np.random.laplace(0, 0.05). Maybe using a different noise scale. For example, using a larger scale could escape local minima more effectively, but might also lead to worse solutions. 

Alternatively, using a Gaussian noise with a standard deviation of 0.05. 

But the code already uses Laplace, which has a different distribution. 

Another idea: during the multi-start phase, after several iterations, perturb the initial_h_values with a larger noise, then fine-tune. 

But this is getting too vague. 

Another possible change: instead of using COBYLA for refinement, use the L-BFGS-B method with more iterations. 

Wait, the code currently does a COBYLA refinement after multi-start. Maybe combining the multi-start with COBYLA in a loop, rather than just a single refinement step. 

Alternatively, use the best solution from the multi-start phase and perform multiple refinement steps. 

In any case, I think the best way forward is to modify the existing code to try different perturbations and optimize more thoroughly, adjusting the hyperparameters. 

Given the time constraints, here's the plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Perform multiple multi-starts with different perturbations (like adding Laplace noise, generating a binary vector with correct sum, etc.).
- For each multi-start, run the L-BFGS-B optimizer with a higher maximum iteration count.
- After multi-starts, perform a refinement using COBYLA or SLSQP.
- Return the best solution found.

But to implement this concisely, here's the code:

In the multi-start loop, generate different starting points. For example, for each start, do:

- noise = np.random.normal(0, 0.05, n_points)  # Gaussian perturbation
- perturbed = np.clip(initial_h + noise, 0, 1)
- Alternatively, generate a binary vector with half 1s and half 0s, adjusted to sum n_points/2.

But generating the binary vector would require some code. For example, for n_points=45, we can have 23 ones and 22 zeros, then fill the rest with 0.5? No, the initial_h_values are step functions, so perhaps the binary approach is not necessary. However, for the purpose of diversifying the initial guesses, this could be useful. 

Thus, in the multi-start loop, generate a binary vector with the correct sum. For example:

binary_h = np.zeros(n_points)
binary_h[:target_int] = 1
Then adjust the sum to be target_sum.

But for n_points=45, target_sum is 22.5. So, the binary vector would have 22 or 23 ones. 

For example, if we take the integer part, say 22 ones and 23 zeros, then sum is 22. But we need sum to be 22.5. So, this approach may not be directly applicable. However, for the purpose of generating a starting point, perhaps we can allow a small error. 

But given that the code needs to be concise, this may be challenging. 

Alternatively, use a uniform random vector with values 0 and 1, and then scale it up to ensure the sum is about n_points/2. 

But again, this is complex. 

Perhaps the best way is to proceed with the existing approach, but with increased multi-start iterations and different perturbations. 

In the code, for each multi-start iteration, instead of adding Laplace noise, we can try adding Gaussian noise, or even a different distribution. 

But in code, it's possible to change the noise type. 

Here's a possible adjustment: instead of using Laplace noise, use a larger Gaussian noise, but clipped to [0,1]. 

So, in the code:

noise = np.random.normal(0, 0.1, n_points)

But this could lead to a larger perturbation. 

Another possible adjustment: use a randomized swap in the initial_h_values. For example, select a random pair of elements and swap their values (but ensure the sum remains the same). 

But this requires careful handling. 

Alternatively, during the multi-start phase, generate a random starting point with the same sum as the initial_h_values by adding a small noise. 

But the code is already doing that. 

At this point, given the time constraints and the need to provide a code that improves upon the previous result, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to increase the number of multi-start iterations, use a different noise type, and adjust the optimization parameters. 

So, the final code would look like this:

- Increase the number of multi-start iterations from 3 to 5.
- Use a different noise type (e.g., Gaussian) for perturbation.
- Increase the maxiter for L-BFGS-B.
- Refine with a different method (like SLSQP) instead of COBYLA.

This should give a better chance of finding a lower C5 value. 

So, here's the code:
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    start_time = time.time()
    
    best_h = initial_h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    # Multi-start with varied perturbations
    for _ in range(5):  # Increased number of starts
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Gaussian perturbation
        noise = np.random.normal(0, 0.1, n_points)
        perturbed = np.clip(initial_h + noise, 0, 1)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
        )
        if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(result.x)
            best_h = result.x
    
    # Refinement with SLSQP
    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=best_h,
        method='SLSQP',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
    )
    if result.success:
        best_c5 = objective(result.x)
        best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```