<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous approach used a multi-start optimization with L-BFGS-B and COBYLA methods, but maybe there's a better way.

Hmm, the current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. So we need to get even lower. Let me think about possible improvements.

First, the initial approach used a fixed starting point (initial_h_values) and perturbed it with Laplace noise. But maybe starting with a different structure could help avoid local minima. Maybe using a more structured initial guess that's known to have good properties?

Alternatively, the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). So, perhaps there's a way to model this more effectively. Maybe using a different optimization strategy, like simulated annealing or genetic algorithms, but those might be too slow for the time budget.

Wait, the previous code uses L-BFGS-B and COBYLA. Maybe using more efficient optimization methods, or adjusting parameters? Also, the constraints are that the integral is 1, so the sum of h is fixed. The problem is a constrained optimization problem.

Another thought: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. So maybe instead of using a gradient-based method, we can use a different approach that directly targets the maximum. For example, using a minimax optimization, where we try to minimize the maximum value across all shifts.

But how to handle that? The maximum is a non-differentiable function, so gradient methods might struggle. Maybe using a penalty method, where we add a penalty term for each shift, but that could be computationally expensive given the number of shifts.

Wait, the cross-correlation is calculated as np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full'), which for a vector of size n_points gives a result of length 2n_points - 1. Then, the maximum of those values multiplied by dx is the C5 we want to minimize.

But perhaps the main issue is that the previous code might not be exploring the search space effectively. Maybe trying a different optimization algorithm, like a genetic algorithm with some crossover and mutation, but again, time is limited.

Alternatively, maybe a more structured approach. Let's think about the structure of h. The optimal h is likely to have a pattern that evenly distributes the "1"s and "0"s to minimize overlap. For example, a periodic function that's piecewise constant, with certain intervals set to 1 and others to 0. Maybe using a set of intervals where h(x) is 1 for certain ranges and 0 otherwise, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

But how to model that? Perhaps using a piecewise constant function with a small number of intervals. For example, dividing [0,2] into equal parts, each assigned a value between 0 and 1. But with n_points being small, like less than 1k, maybe using a structured grid with a few points.

Alternatively, maybe using a more sophisticated approach inspired by known solutions. For instance, the Erdős problem relates to covering systems or sequences with minimal overlap. There's a known construction for C_5 that uses certain periodic patterns. If I can replicate or improve on that, it might help.

Wait, the previous code starts with initial_h_values, which is a given. Maybe the initial guess is not optimal. If we can generate a better initial guess, that could help. For example, using a different starting pattern that is known to perform better.

Also, the previous code uses multi-start with Laplace noise, but perhaps using different perturbations or more structured modifications. For example, flipping some intervals or adjusting certain points in a way that reduces overlap.

Another idea: since the objective is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe focus on the shifts that are most problematic. For example, the maximum overlap occurs at shifts where h(x) and 1 - h(x + k) have high values. So, perhaps optimizing for these specific shifts, rather than all shifts at once. But that's a bit vague.

Alternatively, using a different optimization library that allows for more efficient handling of constraints. For instance, using a derivative-free optimization method like differential evolution, which might be better at escaping local minima. But, given the time constraints, how feasible is that?

The previous code uses scipy.optimize, and the methods like L-BFGS-B and COBYLA. Maybe trying other methods, like SLSQP or Nelder-Mead, but they might be slower. Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach with a surrogate model, which could be more efficient in the given time.

Wait, the problem has a constraint on the sum of h, which is fixed. So the optimization problem is to minimize the maximum cross-correlation value, subject to sum(h) = target_sum. That's a convex problem? No, because the objective is the maximum of a set of linear functions (since cross-correlation is linear in h), so it's a convex problem? Wait, the maximum of linear functions is convex, so the problem is a convex optimization problem? Wait, no. The objective is the maximum over k of (integral h(x) (1 - h(x +k)) dx). But each integral is linear in h? Or is it not?

Wait, h(x) is a function, and the cross-correlation is computed as the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. So for each k, the expression is linear in h? No. Because integrating h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) dx is not linear in h. Because it's h(x) times (1 - h(x +k)), which is quadratic in h. Therefore, the problem is a non-convex optimization problem. So gradient-based methods might struggle with multiple local minima.

Therefore, maybe using a global optimization approach, like differential evolution, which can escape local minima better. But how to manage the computational time.

Let me think about the time budget. The user allows 100 seconds. The previous code's run time might be acceptable. But if we use a more efficient algorithm, maybe we can do better.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to designing a function with minimal overlap under certain constraints. Maybe there's a way to model this as a problem of finding a Fourier series or something similar. However, that might be too abstract.

Another approach: since the cross-correlation is related to the convolution, perhaps using Fourier transforms. The cross-correlation is the convolution of h with (1 - h), and then the maximum value. But I'm not sure how to use that directly for optimization.

Hmm. Perhaps trying to precompute the shifts that are most critical and focus on optimizing those. For example, the overlaps that contribute to the maximum are likely to be near certain k values. But without knowing those, it's hard to target.

Let me think about the previous code. It uses a multi-start approach with L-BFGS-B and then COBYLA. Maybe increasing the number of starts, or using different starting points. Also, perhaps adjusting the perturbation method.

Another idea: the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe other initial points could be better. For example, using a periodic pattern. Suppose we divide the interval [0,2] into m equal parts and set h(x) to 1 for certain parts. For example, a pattern that repeats every certain interval. But how to generate such a pattern algorithmically?

Alternatively, maybe using a binary pattern with certain spacing. For example, setting h to 1 in intervals that are spaced such that the overlap is minimized. But again, how to model that.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initial guess based on a known construction. Since the current record is 0.38085, there might be a construction known that can be adapted.

Wait, the user provided the previous code with initial_h_values, which is n=45 samples. Maybe that's a good starting point, but perhaps generating an initial guess with a different structure.

Another thought: in the previous code, the objective function is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation. But the maximum is over all possible shifts k. The cross-correlation is calculated for all possible k, and then the maximum is taken. However, for the given n_points, the shifts k can range from - (n_points -1) to n_points -1. But the actual shifts that contribute to the maximum are those where the overlap is significant.

Maybe for the given n_points, the maximum occurs at specific k values. So, if we can find those k values and optimize for them, that could help. But without knowing which shifts are critical, it's hard.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum, we can use a min-max approach. For example, using a Lagrange multiplier method, where we try to balance the different overlaps. However, this is non-convex and may not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a gradient descent approach with a carefully chosen step size and momentum. But again, this requires handling the non-convexity and multiple local minima.

Another idea: the previous code uses COBYLA for local refinement. Maybe adding more local refinements or using a different method like SLSQP which can handle constraints more effectively.

Wait, the user's previous code uses scipy.optimize and the L-BFGS-B and COBYLA methods. Let me check if there are other methods that might perform better. For example, using the SLSQP method with more accurate gradients.

Alternatively, maybe using a different approach for the initial guess. For example, generating a random initial guess that meets the constraint, then optimizing from there. However, this might not be as effective as starting from a known good guess.

Hmm, perhaps the key is to improve the initial guess. The initial_h_values might not be the best. Maybe generating a better initial guess could lead to better results. For example, using a pattern that divides the interval into two regions with equal area, but with certain spacing to minimize overlap.

For example, suppose the function h(x) is 1 over a certain interval and 0 otherwise, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint. However, this would be a step function with only two intervals. But for n_points=45, maybe this is too simplistic.

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern. For example, alternating between 1 and 0 with specific spacing. But how to generate such a pattern algorithmically.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal function should be periodic. Suppose h(x) is a periodic function with period T, which is chosen to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, T=1 or T=2. However, this is just speculation.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe using a randomized algorithm that can explore more of the search space. For example, using simulated annealing, which allows moving to worse solutions with some probability to escape local minima. But again, with time constraints, this could be challenging.

Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach. But again, implementing that might take time, and given the time budget, it's not clear.

Let me think about the current code again. The code uses a multi-start approach with perturbations of the initial_h_values. The problem is that the initial guess might be stuck in a local minimum. Maybe trying different initial points, like starting from a completely different structure. For example, a binary sequence with certain properties, or a sequence generated by a specific algorithm.

Alternatively, generating multiple initial guesses via different methods. For example, generating a set of initial guesses based on different patterns and then optimize from each.

But given the time budget, how feasible is that?

Alternatively, maybe using a better way to handle the constraints. The constraint is that sum(h) = n_points / 2. When using optimization methods, ensuring that this constraint is satisfied tightly is important. The previous code uses equality constraints, which should be handled correctly.

Another thought: the previous code uses the L-BFGS-B method which supports bounds. Maybe using a different method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients and can handle bounds. But Nelder-Mead is generally slower for high-dimensional problems.

Alternatively, using the basin-hopping algorithm, which combines local optimization with random perturbations. This might help escape local minima. However, the implementation in scipy is a bit involved.

Wait, scipy.optimize has a basinhopping function. Maybe that could be used here. For example, replacing the multi-start approach with basin-hopping. But again, time is a constraint.

Alternatively, try using a different optimization method for each start. For example, in the previous code, the initial start is with L-BFGS-B. Maybe trying different methods for each start, like using COBYLA for some and Nelder-Mead for others.

But I need to think about how to implement this within the time.

Another idea: the previous code's initialization uses Laplace noise. Maybe using other types of perturbations, such as uniform noise, or more structured modifications. For example, flipping certain points in h to 0 or 1, or adjusting them based on some rule.

Alternatively, using a Gaussian perturbation instead of Laplace. Or varying the noise scale based on the current solution.

But again, the key may be to find a better initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values may be a good starting point, but perhaps there's a way to generate a better initial guess.

Another approach is to use a greedy algorithm to construct h(x). For example, iteratively setting points to 0 or 1 to minimize overlap. But this might not be feasible given the time constraints.

Alternatively, use a dynamic programming approach, but that's unlikely for a problem of this nature.

Hmm. Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral is the convolution of h with (1 - h), the maximum value of this convolution would be the C5. So, to minimize that, perhaps we can model this as a problem of choosing h such that its convolution with (1 - h) has a minimal maximum.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem.

Alternatively, think in terms of Fourier analysis. Since convolution is multiplication in the Fourier domain. The Fourier transform of h is H, and the Fourier transform of (1 - h) is (1 - H). So the convolution is the inverse Fourier transform of H * (1 - H). The maximum of this convolution would be the maximum over all frequencies of the absolute value of this product.

Wait, but the maximum of the convolution is related to the maximum of the Fourier product. However, this is a very abstract approach. I'm not sure how to use this directly for optimization.

Alternatively, this suggests that the optimal h should have a Fourier transform that is small in magnitude where (1 - H) is large. But this is more of a heuristic than a direct approach.

Another idea: since the optimal h should have low overlap, maybe it's similar to a binary sequence with certain properties, such as a Barker sequence. Barker sequences are sequences where the autocorrelation is minimal. However, these are for binary sequences, and the problem here is more continuous. But could there be an analogy?

Barker sequences have autocorrelations that are either 0 or 1. For example, for length 11, the sequence has autocorrelation 1 at lag 0 and 0 otherwise. However, the problem here is different, but maybe there's a way to use similar principles.

But how to apply that here. Maybe the optimal h is a binary function that has minimal overlap with itself shifted by any k. However, since the problem allows h to take values between 0 and 1, not just 0 and 1, maybe a continuous version of a Barker sequence could be used.

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal solution is a binary function that has minimal autocorrelation. However, achieving this is difficult, and the existing solutions are probably not binary.

But perhaps, for the purpose of this problem, using a binary function (h(x) ∈ {0,1}) could be a starting point. The integral constraint requires that the sum of h(x) over [0,2] is 1, which for a binary function would mean that h(x) is 1 on a set of measure 1/2. For example, a function that is 1 on half the interval and 0 on the other half.

But such a function would have a maximum overlap equal to the area of overlap between the two regions. For example, if the function is 1 on [0,1] and 0 on [1,2], then shifting by k=0 gives overlap 1 (but the integral is 1, so the overlap would be 1*1=1), which is worse. However, for a more optimal binary function, like a periodic one with certain spacing, the maximum overlap might be lower.

But again, this is getting into the realm of known results. The Erdős problem's constant is known to be around 0.38, and the goal here is to find a construction that achieves a C5 ≤ 0.38085.

Perhaps the key is to use a more sophisticated initial guess that's based on a known construction. For example, there's a construction for C_5 using a certain pattern. Let me think about existing literature.

In the Erdős problem, the constant C_5 refers to the optimal value for the minimal maximum overlap, which is related to the problem of covering points in a certain way. However, I'm not sure about the exact construction. But maybe the current initial_h_values is based on a known pattern that is not optimal.

Alternatively, the initial_h_values could be improved by varying the steps in a certain pattern. For example, using a more uniform distribution of 1s and 0s over the interval [0,2], but ensuring the integral constraint.

Given that the user's code uses a 45-point sample, which is less than 1k, it's possible that a more structured approach could be used. For example, using a pattern that alternates between 1 and 0, but adjusted to meet the integral condition.

Let me think: for n_points=45, the sum must be 45 / 2 = 22.5. Since the values are in steps of dx=2/45, which is approximately 0.0444. But since the values are real numbers between 0 and 1, this allows for a more flexible construction.

Perhaps instead of starting from the initial_h_values, we can generate a structured initial guess that oscillates between certain values. For example, a sine wave that's scaled to meet the integral constraint.

But how to do that algorithmically. Let's see. A function like h(x) = 0.5 + 0.5 * sin(πx) would have certain properties. However, the integral over [0,2] would be 0.5 * 2 * ∫sin(πx) dx from 0 to 2, which is 0.5 * 2 * 0 = 0. So adding the 0.5, the integral would be 1. But this function would have overlaps that might be worse than the desired value. For example, shifting by k = 1 would result in integrating h(x)(1 - h(x+1)) over [0,2]. This might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a different function, like a triangular wave or something with more flat regions. But this is getting too vague.

Another thought: perhaps the previous code could benefit from increasing the number of starts or exploring different perturbations. For example, using not only Laplace noise but also other types of perturbations, such as flipping some points to 0 or 1, or swapping certain values.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, creating an initial guess that is a binary pattern with some spacing. Let's say for n_points=45, we divide the interval into 9 equal parts, and set h(x) to 1 in 5 of them, ensuring the sum is 22.5. But this would be a very simplistic approach and may not lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated method to generate an initial guess. For example, using a greedy algorithm to assign values to h to minimize the overlap. This could be done by iteratively choosing for each point whether to set it to 0 or 1, based on the current overlap. But implementing this would require a way to approximate the overlap.

But given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to try modifying the previous code's approach. Let me think about the previous code again.

In the previous code, the multi-start approach uses Laplace noise perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of starts or using different perturbations. Also, the local refinement with COBYLA might be enhanced by using more iterations or better parameters.

Another idea: since the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation, which is a non-smooth function, maybe using a different optimization strategy that handles this, like using a subproblem where we optimize for a specific shift. For example, for each shift k, optimize h to minimize the overlap for that k, and then find the maximum of all these. But this is not directly applicable as the objective is the maximum over all k.

Alternatively, using the fact that the maximum overlap is within a certain range, and using an adaptive method that focuses on shifts where the current solution has higher overlap.

But I'm not sure how to implementation this without getting stuck in local minima.

Another idea: using the fact that the overlap integral for shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. This can be rewritten as integral h(x) dx - integral h(x)h(x +k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) dx is 1, this becomes 1 - integral h(x)h(x +k) dx. So the objective is to minimize the maximum of 1 - integral h(x)h(x +k) dx for all k. Therefore, the objective is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of integral h(x)h(x +k) dx. So perhaps this formulation makes the optimization problem more tractable.

However, the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx is the cross-correlation of h with itself at lag k. So the problem is equivalent to maximizing the minimal cross-correlation. But I'm not sure if this helps with the optimization.

Hmm. Let me think about optimizing for this. If we can increase the minimal cross-correlation for all k, then the maximum of 1 - that would decrease. But how to model this.

Maybe using an optimization approach that tries to maximize the minimal cross-correlation. This is a max-min problem, which is different from the previous formulation. But again, this is a non-convex problem.

At this point, I'm not making much progress. Maybe the best approach is to try modifying the existing code to improve the search process. For example:

- Increase the number of starts to explore more of the search space.
- Use different types of perturbations.
- Use a more efficient optimization method for the local refinement.

Let me think about the existing code. It uses 3 multi-starts with L-BFGS-B and then COBYLA. Perhaps increasing the number of starts to 5 or more, or using different methods for each start.

Alternatively, changing the perturbation to a more effective one, such as using random perturbations within a certain range, or using a genetic algorithm for the initial exploration.

But given the time constraints, the user's code is likely the best approach, so the only way to improve it is to adjust parameters, improve the initial guess, or change the optimization method.

Another idea: since the previous code uses L-BFGS-B, which is a quasi-Newton method, perhaps using the SLSQP method which can handle constraints more effectively, especially with the equality constraint on the sum.

So, modifying the code to use SLSQP for the initial optimization steps.

Alternatively, using a different method, like the BFGS method with box constraints.

But without implementing, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, trying to use the Bayesian optimization approach with the skopt library, which can handle constraints and objectives efficiently. However, I don't know if that is available in the current setup, as the user allows using scipy and numpy.

Another idea: perhaps the previous code's evaluation is too slow. For example, calculating the cross-correlation for each evaluation. But with n_points=45, it's manageable.

Wait, the cross-correlation is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), which for n_points=45 would give a length of 89. So for each evaluation, it's O(n^2) time, but with n=45, it's acceptable.

So, the main problem is the optimization algorithm's performance in finding a good solution.

Perhaps the key is to use a more effective global optimization method. For example, using differential evolution.

Differential evolution (DE) is a population-based optimization algorithm that can handle non-convex problems and is relatively robust to local minima. Let's see how to implement that.

In the existing code, the optimization is done with L-BFGS-B and COBYLA. Changing to DE might allow for a better exploration of the search space.

But would the time be sufficient? Differential evolution can be slower for high-dimensional problems due to the population size and generations. However, with n_points=45, it might be manageable.

Let me think about the code changes. Instead of using multi-start with L-BFGS-B, use differential evolution with a population of, say, 10 individuals, for a few generations. But the time budget is 100 seconds, which might allow for it.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution as the main optimization method, with some refinement steps.

But the user's previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with different methods. Differential evolution is available in scipy.optimize.differential_evolution.

So, modifying the code to first perform a differential evolution search, then use COBYLA for refinement.

But this would require changing the code's structure. However, the user's code uses a multi-start approach with perturbations. It's unclear if DE is better, but it's worth trying.

Let me sketch the code changes:

Instead of the multi-start, do a differential evolution on the objective function, with constraints.

But implementing that in Python:

from scipy.optimize import differential_evolution

But the differential_evolution function has some limitations, like it's difficult to apply constraints with bounds and equality constraints. OR, perhaps using the bounds and equality constraints in the DE.

Wait, the differential evolution optimization in scipy has a bounds parameter, but it's not straightforward to handle equality constraints. However, the constraints can be incorporated into the objective function with penalties.

Alternatively, use the differential evolution with the constraint on the sum of h being fixed, but that's challenging.

Alternatively, during the DE process, enforce the constraint by clipping the values to ensure that the sum is correct. However, this complicates the process.

Alternatively, transform the problem to enforce the sum constraint. For example, by using the variables as a vector of n_points, and ensuring that the sum is fixed. This can be done by setting the last variable as sum(h) - target_sum, but that introduces constraints.

But this approach requires more careful handling.

Alternatively, use a method like approximate dynamic programming or other techniques, but this might be too complex.

At this point, it's clear that trying a different optimization method like differential evolution might be more effective, but implementing it with the necessary constraints is non-trivial.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use more effective optimization methods, like using differential evolution for global search and then COBYLA for local refinement.

But how to implement this within the code.

Alternatively, the previous code uses L-BFGS-B for local optimization. Maybe using the SLSQP method for the initial optimization steps, which can handle the equality constraints more effectively.

In the previous code, the multi-start uses L-BFGS-B, which is a local optimizer. So perhaps changing the method to SLSQP.

Let me think: the previous code's objective function returns the maximum of the cross-correlation multiplied by dx. The constraints are the sum of h being fixed. So, in the optimization, the equality constraint is sum(h) = target_sum.

So, for the minimize function, the new code could use SLSQP for the initial optimization.

The code changes would involve changing the method to 'SLSQP' in the optimize.minimize calls.

But this requires testing.

Alternatively, using SLSQP for all optimization steps.

But I'm not sure if this would improve the results.

Another thought: the previous code uses multi-start with perturbations. Maybe reducing the number of starts and using a more effective method for each start.

Another idea: instead of using Laplace noise, use a random start where the sum is fixed. For example, generate a random h with sum(target_sum) by sampling from a distribution that ensures the sum is correct. This could involve generating a random set of values with sum constraint, but how to do that algorithmically.

For example, generate a vector h where each element is randomly chosen between 0 and 1, and then scale it to have the required sum. However, this doesn't guarantee that the sum is correct, but with some adjustments.

Alternatively, generate a random binary vector with sum(target_sum), but since the sum must be 22.5 for n_points=45, this is not possible. So binarizing is not an option.

But this is getting too involved.

At this point, perhaps the best approach is to try modifying the existing code to use a different optimization method, such as SLSQP for initial optimization, and see if it improves the results.

So, modifying the code's optimize.minimize calls to use 'SLSQP' instead of 'L-BFGS-B'. Let's think about this.

The previous code has:

result = optimize.minimize(
    fun=objective,
    x0=perturbed,
    method='L-BFGS-B',
    bounds=bounds,
    constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
    options={'maxiter': 50, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
)

Changing the method to 'SLSQP' might allow better handling of the equality constraints. Let's try that.

Additionally, for the local refinement step, use COBYLA or SLSQP.

But the user's previous code has a COBYLA step. So, maybe combining these.

Another change: increase the number of multi-start iterations. For example, instead of 3, do 10 or more. This would increase the exploration of the search space, possibly finding a better solution.

So, modifying the code to increase the number of starts.

Additionally, modifying the noise perturbation. For example, using a uniform distribution instead of Laplace, or varying the noise magnitude.

But without knowing specifics, it's hard to say.

Taking all these considerations, the plan is to improve the previous code by:

1. Using SLSQP or other methods for the optimization steps.
2. Increasing the number of multi-start iterations.
3. Using different perturbation methods for initial guesses.
4. Using differential evolution for global optimization.

Given the time constraints, implementing differential evolution might be the way to go, but how to incorporate the constraints.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach with a surrogate model to guide the search.

But given the time, the best option might be to modify the previous code to use more effective optimization methods and increase the number of starts.

So, the final step is to write the code that implements these changes.

Let me structure the code:

- Use SLSQP for the initial optimization steps.
- Increase the number of multi-starts.
- Use different perturbations.
- Ensure that the code runs within the time budget.

Another idea: since the previous code uses np.correlate, which is efficient, maybe the evaluation is fast enough. So the primary issue is the optimization.

Once the code is written, it should return the best h_values, c5_bound, and n_points.

But since the user provides the initial_h_values, we should use that as a starting point and then perturb it.

So, in the code, replace the multi-start with a more effective method.

Alternatively, generate multiple initial guesses by varying the initial_h_values in different ways.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's challenging.

In the interest of time, I'll proceed to write the code that uses a different optimization method, like SLSQP for the initial steps and COBYLA for refinement, and increases the number of multi-starts.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    start_time = time.time()
    
    best_h = initial_h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    # Multi-start with structured perturbations
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Random permutation of initial h
        permuted = initial_h[np.random.permutation(n_points)]
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=permuted,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 50, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
        )
        if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(result.x)
            best_h = result.x
    
    # Use SLSQP for global search
    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=best_h,
        method='SLSQP',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
    )
    if result.success:
        best_c5 = objective(result.x)
        best_h = result.x
    
    # Refinement with COBYLA for fine-tuning
    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=best_h,
        method='COBYLA',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 100, 'disp': False}
    )
    if result.success:
        best_c5 = objective(result.x)
        best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```