<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is even lower, like 0.380876. The previous approach used a multi-start optimization with L-BFGS-B and COBYLA, starting from an initial construction. But maybe I can do better with a different strategy.

Hmm, the previous code used random perturbations and then L-BFGS-B followed by COBYLA. Maybe I should try different optimization methods or adjust hyperparameters. Also, considering the constraints, the integral of h(x) over [0,2] must be 1, and h(x) is a step function. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, for each shift k, we need to minimize the maximum of these integrals.

An alternative approach could be to use a more global optimization method, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, to explore the search space more thoroughly. However, those methods might be slower and harder to tune. Another idea is to use gradient-based methods but with better initializations.

Wait, the previous code starts from the initial_h_values. Maybe a better initial guess could help escape local minima. The initial construction might be a known solution, but maybe there's a way to generate better starting points by modifying the existing one. For example, perturbing it in a structured way, or using a different pattern.

Also, the current method uses L-BFGS-B followed by COBYLA. Perhaps trying different methods, like SLSQP or other constrained optimizers, could yield better results. Also, adjusting the number of iterations or the tolerance might help.

Another thought: the problem is to minimize the maximum over k of the overlap integral. This is a minimax problem. The objective function is non-convex and highly nonlinear, so getting stuck in local minima is a risk. Maybe trying a more exploratory approach, like a particle swarm optimization or Bayesian optimization, could be better. But those might be too slow given the time budget.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral for each k is a convolution-like term. Maybe there's a way to model this with Fourier analysis, but I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 45). Maybe increasing n_points could allow for a better approximation, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred (less than 1k samples). Wait, the previous code uses n=45. Maybe I can try with more points but keep it under 1k. However, with more points, the optimization becomes more complex, but perhaps the gains from a better function outweigh the computational cost.

Wait, the problem statement says that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe using n_points around 45 or even less could be better. Let me check the previous code's n_points. The initial_h_values is given, and the code uses len(initial_h_values). If that's 45, then the code uses 45 points. Maybe the current approach is already using that.

Alternatively, maybe trying different discretizations. For example, using a different step size or a different initial guess. But the initial_h_values are provided, so maybe I should use that.

Let me think about the constraints again. The integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1, which means the average value of h is 0.5. The function h is a step function, so it's a piecewise constant function. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x) times (1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, for each k, this is like the product of the function and a shifted version of its complement.

To minimize the maximum of these integrals, perhaps the optimal h(x) should be designed to have minimal overlap with its complement when shifted. This might relate to designing h(x) such that it's as "spread out" as possible, but given the constraint of integral 1.

Another approach: the problem resembles the covering problem or the assignment problem, where you want to arrange h(x) to avoid overlaps. Maybe using a periodic pattern or a specific structure, like a wave-like function with certain properties.

But how to translate that into a numerical optimization? Maybe using a parametric form for h(x) and optimizing the parameters. For example, using a piecewise linear function with specific breakpoints.

Alternatively, since the function is a step function, perhaps considering that h(x) takes specific values over intervals, and trying to find the optimal intervals. But this could get complex.

Another thought: the previous code uses multi-start optimization with Laplace noise. Maybe instead of Laplace noise, adding more structured perturbations, such as flipping certain segments of the function, might yield better results. For example, swapping regions where h(x) is 0 and 1 to see if that improves the overlap.

Also, the current code uses COBYLA for local refinement. Maybe switching to another method, like SLSQP, which can handle constraints better.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum of the overlap integrals. The objective function is non-convex, so multiple local minima exist. The previous approach uses a multi-start optimization to explore different regions, but perhaps a better strategy is to use a more global optimization technique, like differential evolution, which is good for multi-modal problems.

Differential evolution (DE) is a population-based stochastic optimization algorithm. It might be more effective in finding better minima by exploring the search space more thoroughly. However, DE could be slower, but maybe with a reasonable population size and iterations, it could find a better solution within the time budget.

Alternatively, using Bayesian optimization with a Gaussian process could also be effective, but that might be more complex to implement and tune.

Let me consider the time budget. The previous code runs for 100 seconds. If the multi-start approach with L-BFGS and COBYLA can find a solution, perhaps DE could be used with a smaller population and fewer iterations to stay within the time limit.

Another idea: the previous code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point and then perturbs them. Perhaps trying a different starting point could help. For example, generate a different initial guess that is more spread out or has a specific pattern.

Wait, the initial_h_values are provided. If they are a known construction, maybe using them is a good idea, but if there's a way to generate a better initial guess, that could help. However, without knowing the exact initial_values, I can't modify that. The code should use the initial_h_values directly.

So, perhaps the main improvements would be:

1. Using a different optimization algorithm, like differential evolution, which is better at exploring the search space.
2. Adjusting the hyperparameters of the existing optimization steps, like the number of iterations, learning rates, or constraints.
3. Trying different starting points by perturbing the initial_h_values in more structured ways, not just random noise.

Let me outline how to modify the previous code. The original code uses L-BFGS-B and COBYLA. Maybe switching to differential evolution could be better. However, the problem is that DE might be slower. Alternatively, using a combination of methods.

Another thing to consider: the current objective function is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. The maximization over k is expensive, but with the discretization, it's done via convolution. However, in the previous code, the maximum is taken over the entire correlation result. That's correct.

So, maybe the issue is that the current approach is stuck in local minima. Trying a more global method, like genetic algorithms, could help. However, implementing a genetic algorithm would require encoding the h_values as a chromosome, with crossover and mutation steps. That could be a possible approach.

But given the time constraints, perhaps using a different optimization method would be better. Let me think about the code structure.

The previous code starts by initializing the best_h as the initial_h, then performs multi-start optimization with noise and L-BFGS-B, followed by COBYLA. So, to change this, maybe replace the multi-start approach with a different optimizer, or combine multiple strategies.

Alternatively, use a more efficient optimization method with a better warm start. For example, using the initial_h as a starting point and then doing a gradient-based method with constraints.

Another idea: The problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions (each overlap integral for a k). Maybe using a penalty method where the objective is the max of the overlap integrals plus a penalty term for violating the integral constraint. But the code already does that via the constraint.

Hmm. To make progress, perhaps I should try a different optimizer. Let me consider using the SLSQP method in scipy.optimize.minimize, since it can handle both equality and inequality constraints. Maybe the existing code could benefit from using that instead.

Alternatively, trying to use the COBYLA method with multiple restarts, but varying the starting points.

Another thing: the function to minimize is the maximum of several values. This is a non-smooth function, so gradient-based methods may not perform well. So, maybe using a method that can handle non-smooth objectives, like differential evolution.

Let me try to adjust the code to use differential evolution. Here's how:

The objective function is the maximum of the correlation values multiplied by dx. Then, the constraints are the sum of h_values equals n_points / 2.

So, in scipy.optimize, the differential evolution method can be used with bounds and constraints. However, DE can be slow for high-dimensional problems. But with n_points=45, maybe it's manageable.

But how to implement it? Let me outline:

- Define the objective function as before.
- Use scipy.optimize.differential_evolution with bounds.
- However, since the objective function is the maximum of several terms, which may not be smooth, DE could be suitable.
- Also, the equality constraint (sum h = target_sum) needs to be incorporated.

Wait, the DE method requires that the constraints are handled either via bounds or through the objective function. But for equality constraints, the DE can't handle them directly, so we need to use a constrained optimization approach. However, scipy's differential_evolution doesn't support constraints directly. So, perhaps using a penalty method where we add a penalty term for the constraint violation.

Alternatively, use the 'SLSQP' method, which can handle constraints.

So, maybe combining differential evolution for exploration and SLSQP for refinement.

But considering the time budget, perhaps sticking to the existing approach but with some improvements.

Let me think of possible changes to the existing code:

1. Instead of adding Laplace noise for perturbation, try adding more structured perturbations, like flipping certain points or adjusting them in a way that spreads out the function.

2. Use a different optimization method for the initial steps, like SLSQP with more iterations.

3. Increase the number of multi-start iterations to explore more regions.

4. Try using a hybrid approach, like using a genetic algorithm for initial exploration followed by local optimization.

5. Improve the initial guess by modifying the initial_h_values in a structured way to avoid local optima.

Let me start by modifying the code to try a different initial perturbation. For example, instead of adding random noise, perhaps using a more structured approach like flipping a percentage of the points or creating a periodic pattern.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h(x) is such that its support is spread out as much as possible. So, perhaps the initial construction is already designed for that, but we can try to modify it to have more even distribution.

But without knowing the exact structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to modify it. The code must use it as-is.

Another approach: the problem is similar to designing a function that minimizes the maximum overlap with its shifted complement. Maybe using a piecewise constant function with specific intervals where h(x) is 0 or 1, and ensuring that these intervals are well-separated.

For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments where h(x) alternates between 0 and 1, but in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. However, this is just an idea, and how to translate this into code is unclear.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts k. If we can find the k that are critical and adjust the function to minimize those, perhaps that would help. For example, for k=0.5, 1.0, etc.

But implementing this would require knowing which shifts are critical, which might not be straightforward.

Another thought: the current code uses a 1D optimization problem, but maybe there's a way to model the problem with more structure, such as a periodic function or using Fourier series. However, this is getting too abstract for code implementation.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to try modifying the existing code by changing the optimization method and hyperparameters. Let me try to use the SLSQP method with more iterations, or try a different bound for the perturbations.

Alternatively, use a combination of methods, such as first doing a global search with a different optimizer and then refining with COBYLA.

Here's a possible plan for the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Perform a multi-start optimization using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which is derivative-free and can handle constraints.
3. After obtaining several candidates, refine them using a gradient-based method like SLSQP.
4. Compare all the results and select the best one.

But implementing Nelder-Mead requires setting up the function correctly and handling the constraints. Also, the simplex method may not be the best here.

Alternatively, use the SLSQP method with a good initial guess from the initial_h_values and perform a thorough optimization.

Another idea: tune the parameters of the existing optimization steps. For example, increasing the number of iterations for L-BFGS-B, or adjusting the tolerance. Maybe the previous code could get better results by increasing the maxiter or ftol parameters.

Let me look at the previous code's optimization steps. The L-BFGS-B is run with maxiter=50 and ftol=1e-9. COBYLA is run with maxiter=100. Maybe increasing these values could lead to better convergence.

So, perhaps modifying the code to allow more iterations in these steps.

Another possible change: instead of using random perturbations, use a grid search over possible perturbations, but that would be too slow.

Alternatively, use a different perturbation strategy, like randomly perturbing certain segments of the function.

Alternatively, use a more efficient optimization library, like using CVXOPT or other solvers if they are available.

But given the problem statement's code constraints, the code must use scipy.optimize.

Putting this together, I'll modify the existing code to:

- Use a different optimization method for the multi-start steps, perhaps SLSQP.
- Increase the number of iterations or adjust the tolerances.
- Use a more structured perturbation method.

But I'm not sure yet. Let me try to outline the changes.

First, the previous code uses L-BFGS-B for the multi-start steps. Maybe replacing that with SLSQP, which might handle the constraints better.

Alternatively, use the SLSQP method for the multi-start steps and then COBYLA for refinement.

Another possible change: use the initial_h_values as the starting point and perform a single optimization with SLSQP, allowing more iterations.

But the problem is that the initial_h_values may be a local minimum, and the optimization could get stuck. Hence, doing multiple restarts with different starting points is important.

Another idea: the current code uses a Laplace noise for perturbation, which might be too noisy. Maybe using a Gaussian noise with a smaller standard deviation, or a uniform distribution, could lead to better perturbations.

In any case, given the time, I'll proceed to adjust the code to use a different optimization approach and tweak the hyperparameters.

Here's the plan for the new code:

1. Define the objective function as before.
2. Use differential evolution for the initial search, which is better for global exploration.
3. Use a constrained optimization method (like SLSQP) for local refinement.
4. Ensure that the time budget is respected by limiting the number of iterations.

But scipy's differential_evolution does not directly handle equality constraints, so we need to use a penalty method in the objective function. Alternatively, use a method that supports constraints, like SLSQP.

Alternatively, combine DE with a penalty for the constraint violation.

Let me try to write code that uses differential evolution with a penalty for the sum constraint. The function to minimize would be max_overlap + penalty * (sum(h) - target_sum)^2. However, this approach may not be as effective as an exact constraint.

But given the time, perhaps this is manageable.

Another approach: use the SLSQP method with multiple starting points. For example, generate several starting points by perturbing the initial_h_values, and then run SLSQP on each, selecting the best result.

So, modifying the previous code to use SLSQP for each multi-start iteration.

Here's a revised plan for the code:

- Start with the initial_h_values.
- Perform multiple perturbations (e.g., adding random noise, flipping segments, etc.).
- For each perturbed starting point, run SLSQP with constraints.
- Refine the best result with another method (like COBYLA).

This way, the code uses a more efficient method for each iteration.

But implementing this requires adjusting the optimization steps.

In code terms, this could involve:

- Using the Scipy optimize.minimize with method='SLSQP' for each perturbed start.
- Setting the constraints as equality for sum(h) = target_sum.
- Handling bounds on each variable.

This approach could potentially find better minima than the previous L-BFGS-B approach.

Now, let's think about the code changes:

The original code uses L-BFGS-B for the multi-start steps. Replacing that with SLSQP would require changing the method in optimize.minimize. Also, adjusting the options for the method.

Another point: the penalty for the constraint violation is handled implicitly by the constraints.

So, in the code, for each perturbed start, we can run SLSQP with the constraints.

In the previous code, the constraints were handled with a separate function. So, the code could be adjusted to use SLSQP for each perturbation.

Another thing: the number of iterations and tolerance for SLSQP.

Thus, modifying the code steps:

- For each multi-start:
   - Perturb the initial_h_values (maybe with a different noise distribution)
   - Run SLSQP with constraints
   - Keep track of the best result.

Then, after multiple multi-starts, perform a local refinement with COBYLA or another method.

This could potentially find a better solution.

In this case, the code would replace the L-BFGS-B steps with SLSQP.

Now, considering that SLSQP requires the Jacobian, but if we don't provide it, it will use finite differences, which is acceptable.

Therefore, the code could be modified to use SLSQP for the multi-start steps.

This is a possible improvement. Let me try to implement this in code.

Another possible change is to use the initial_h_values as the starting point for the first optimization, and then use a few perturbations to explore the space.

Additionally, adjusting the noise: perhaps using a smaller standard deviation than the previous 0.05.

Now, putting this into code:

The code would define the same objective function, and for each perturbation, run SLSQP with constraints.

But the original code used L-BFGS-B, but now it uses SLSQP.

Here's the code outline:

def run(...):
    ...
    for _ in range(3):
        # perturb initial_h
        perturbed = np.random.normal(..., ...)
        perturbed = clip
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=...,
            options={'maxiter': 100, ...}
        )
        if result.success:
            ...
    then refine with COBYLA

But the previous code used L-BFGS-B and COBYLA. Changing to SLSQP and COBYLA or other methods.

Additionally, increasing the number of multi-start iterations could help, but keeping it within the time budget.

So, to implement this, the code would change the method for the multi-start steps.

Another consideration is that the SLSQP method might be slower, so adjusting the number of iterations and the maxiter option.

In any case, this is a direction to explore.

Another thing: the code could also try different starting points by altering the initial_h_values in structured ways. For example, flipping certain segments of the function to get different configurations.

But without knowing the structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to do this. Hence, random perturbations are used.

Another idea: instead of using random noise for perturbations, use a different approach like adding a small value to some points and subtracting from others, ensuring the sum remains the same.

But that might not be necessary, as the constraint ensures the sum is maintained.

In conclusion, the main changes to the code would involve using a different optimization method for the multi-start steps, such as SLSQP, and possibly adjusting the perturbation strategy.

So, the new code would look something like this:

- Use SLSQP for the multi-start steps.
- Adjust the number of iterations and tolerances.
- Use the same refinement with COBYLA.

Now, translating this into code.

Also, the current code has a line: sum(h) * dx = 1, which is handled by the constraint.

Thus, the code changes would be in the optimization method and the perturbation strategy.

Now, implementing this in code, replacing the L-BFGS-B with SLSQP.

Let me write the code accordingly, adjusting the optimization steps.

Other possible improvements: increasing the number of multi-start iterations, adjusting the noise parameters, and tuning the optimization tolerance.

Additionally, using a different initial perturbation, like adding uniform noise instead of Laplace.

In conclusion, the new code will use SLSQP for the multi-start steps, which may provide better convergence.

Another thing: the previous code used COBYLA for local refinement. That's still a valid choice.

Now, I'll proceed to write the code with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    start_time = time.time()
    
    best_h = initial_h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    # Multi-start with SLSQP
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Structured perturbation
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, 0.025, n_points)
        perturbed = np.clip(initial_h + perturb, 0, 1)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 30, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
        )
        if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(result.x)
            best_h = result.x
    
    # Local refinement with COBYLA
    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=best_h,
        method='COBYLA',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 100, 'disp': False}
    )
    if result.success:
        best_c5 = objective(result.x)
        best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```