<think>
Okay, let me try to figure out how to approach this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The previous code used a multi-start optimization with L-BFGS-B and COBYLA methods, starting from an initial guess. But the user wants an improved approach, possibly different from the previous method.

First, I need to understand what the problem is exactly. The function h(x) is a step function defined on [0,2], with integral 1. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The challenge is to find the h that minimizes this maximum value, hence giving a tighter upper bound for C₅.

The previous code used a multi-start approach with random perturbations and then refinement with COBYLA. The current record is 0.38085, and the user's program had a higher value of 0.381143. The target is to beat that.

So what can be done differently? Maybe using a different optimization strategy. Let me think about possible improvements.

One idea is to use a more efficient optimization algorithm. The previous code used L-BFGS-B and COBYLA. Maybe using a gradient-based method with better handling of constraints. Or perhaps using a genetic algorithm or other population-based methods that can explore the search space more effectively. However, genetic algorithms might be slower, especially with the time budget of 100 seconds.

Another approach is to use a different starting point. The initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point, but perhaps there are other initial constructions that could lead to better results. For example, maybe using a more regular pattern or a specific structure that's known to be good for similar problems.

Alternatively, maybe using a parametrization of h that's easier to optimize. For example, instead of discretizing h into n_points samples, perhaps model it as a piecewise constant function with certain parameters. But the problem requires discretization into samples, so maybe we can think of it as a set of intervals.

Another thought is to model the problem as a convex optimization problem. But the objective function is the maximum of several integrals. However, since the maximum of convex functions is convex, but the problem is non-convex due to the integral over different shifts. So convex optimization might not be directly applicable.

Wait, but the integral for each k is a bilinear term. So the problem is non-convex. Hence, standard convex optimization techniques might not work, and we have to rely on heuristic methods.

The previous code used a multi-start approach with local optimization. Maybe adding more diversity in the starting points could help. For example, instead of adding random noise, using different perturbations or even different initial configurations.

Alternatively, using a simulated annealing approach, which can escape local minima by allowing higher values during the process. But simulating annealing can be slow, especially with the time constraints.

Another idea is to use a coordinate descent approach, optimizing each h[i] in a sequence while maintaining the integral constraint. However, with n_points up to maybe 1000, coordinate descent might be too slow unless optimized.

Alternatively, using a random search with a large number of trials. But again, time is limited.

Wait, the user wants to use the initial_h_values. So perhaps the initial construction is a good starting point, but maybe there's a better way to construct the initial h. For example, if the initial construction is a certain pattern, perhaps modifying that pattern could lead to better results.

Let me think about the structure of h. Since the integral is 1 over [0,2], the average value is 0.5. So perhaps h can be thought of as a binary-like function with blocks of 0s and 1s. But that's a rough idea. However, to minimize the overlap, we need to arrange the function such that when shifted by any k, the overlap between h and 1 - h is minimized.

The Erdős problem is about finding functions that have minimal maximum overlap. The current best known upper bound is around 0.38085. The previous code's result was 0.381143, so the user wants to improve upon that.

Another approach could be to use symmetry. Perhaps the optimal h has some symmetric properties. For example, the function might be periodic or have a symmetric pattern. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, using a method where we split the interval [0,2] into several segments where h takes different values. For example, using a piecewise constant function with a certain number of intervals. But again, the problem requires using a discrete representation with n_points samples.

Another thought: the overlap integral for a given k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be viewed as the correlation between h and 1 - h shifted by k. So the problem is to minimize the maximum of these correlations.

To minimize the maximum correlation, perhaps the function h should be designed to spread out its '1's and '0's such that overlapping with any shift doesn't cause too much of an overlap.

The previous code used L-BFGS-B and COBYLA. Maybe using a different optimization algorithm would help. For example, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) or a different gradient-based method. But implementing PSO from scratch might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, I could use a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function. For example, precomputing the necessary values or using faster numerical methods.

Wait, the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full' which returns the cross-correlation. But for the overlap integral, the maximum over k. However, since the integral is over x, and the shift k can be any real number, but the code uses a discrete set of k's (due to the discrete samples of h). So the code is approximating the maximum over all possible k. But the actual maximum is over all real numbers k. However, the problem's discretization approach uses the sampled h, so perhaps the code uses the discrete shifts corresponding to the positions of the samples.

But maybe the current approach isn't capturing the maximum possible value. Alternatively, the code might be correct since the sampled h is used to approximate the function.

But perhaps the main issue is the optimization method. The previous code used a multi-start with L-BFGS-B. Maybe using a global optimization method, like differential evolution, could find better results. However, differential evolution is known to be slower, but with the time budget of 100 seconds, maybe it's feasible.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can be more efficient in the number of function evaluations. However, integrating that into the code would require more complex setup.

Let me think about the time constraints. The code must run within 100 seconds. The previous code used 3 multi-starts and a local refinement. If I can replace that with a more efficient method, maybe I can get better results.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, perhaps we can use a method that enforces the constraints more effectively. For example, using a penalty method where the objective function is the maximum correlation plus a penalty for violating the integral constraint. However, the current code already uses an equality constraint, so that's handled.

Alternatively, maybe the initial construction can be improved by using a different structure. For example, using a more optimal pattern that's known to work for similar problems. However, without knowing specific structures, this might be challenging.

Alternatively, considering that the current initial_h_values might have certain flaws, perhaps we can construct a better initial guess. For example, a function that has a periodic pattern with certain properties. For example, a square wave that's designed to minimize overlaps. But how to construct that?

Alternatively, using a greedy algorithm: iteratively adjust the function h to reduce the maximum overlap. However, greedy methods might get stuck in local minima.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, perhaps we can use a method that alternates between optimizing over different k values. For example, first optimize for the worst-case k, then optimize for the next worst, and so on. However, this is a heuristic approach.

Alternatively, using a more targeted perturbation. For example, adding a small perturbation to the sample points that are most contributing to the maximum overlap integral. But how to identify those points?

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with a more accurate calculation of gradients. The previous code uses L-BFGS-B, which uses approximate gradients. But if the objective function is differentiable, perhaps using a more precise gradient computation would help. However, the current code's objective function is using np.correlate, which is a sum of products. The gradient with respect to h would be the derivative of the maximum correlation, which is challenging to compute analytically.

Alternatively, using a different numerical method for optimization. For example, using the SLSQP method, which can handle constraints better. However, the previous code tried that with COBYLA.

Wait, the previous code used COBYLA for the local refinement. Maybe the problem is that the initial perturbations aren't sufficient, or the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. So perhaps using a different method for the initial steps, like using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate solutions, could help explore the space more thoroughly.

But implementing a genetic algorithm in Python with the given time constraints might be possible, but it's not straightforward. Let me think about the steps required.

In the previous code, the time was spent in the multi-start loop. Each iteration involves perturbing the initial guess, then optimizing with L-BFGS-B. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or varying the perturbations could help. For example, instead of adding Laplace noise, using different types of perturbations, like swapping values, or adjusting certain segments.

Alternatively, using a more structured initial guess. The initial_h_values may have certain properties that we can modify. For example, if the initial construction has certain periodicity, we can try to adjust it by increasing the number of intervals or modifying the positions.

Another idea: Maybe the maximum overlap is achieved at a particular shift k, and by focusing the optimization on that k, we can find a better solution. However, since the problem is to minimize the maximum over all k, it's possible that focusing on one k might not lead to the global minimum.

Alternatively, using a dynamic programming approach, but I don't see a straightforward way to apply it here.

Let me think about the previous code's limitations. The code used L-BFGS-B, which is a local optimizer. So even if we find a good perturbation, local optima may prevent finding the global minimum. To address this, maybe combining multiple optimization methods or using a different initial configuration could help.

What if I use a different starting point? For example, if the initial_h_values are a certain pattern, maybe constructing a different initial guess by, say, arranging the h values to have higher density in certain regions to avoid overlaps. But how?

Alternatively, using a construction based on known optimal solutions. For example, the known best solution for C_5 has a certain pattern. If I can find or replicate that pattern, it might yield a better result. However, the user hasn't provided that information, so this is speculative.

Alternatively, trying to use a larger n_points. The previous code used n_points as the length of initial_h_values. If the user allows for a larger n_points, perhaps the optimization can find a better solution. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. So increasing n_points may not be feasible within the time budget.

Another thought: the current evaluation uses the full correlation, which may not be necessary. Perhaps, instead of considering all possible shifts, we can focus on shifts that are most likely to cause high overlaps. For example, shifting by certain values that are similar to the step size dx. However, this would require prior knowledge of the shifts that are critical.

Alternatively, using a different measure for the overlap. For instance, instead of taking the maximum over all k, using a weighted average that's more sensitive to certain shifts. But this might not align with the problem's requirements.

Another approach: consider that the overlap integral for a particular shift k can be rewritten. The integral is ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx. Expanding this gives ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. Since the first term is the integral of h, which is 1, the overlap integral is 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx over k. Hmm, but since the original problem is to minimize the maximum of the overlap integral, which equals 1 minus the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, the problem reduces to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx over k, which is equivalent to finding a function h that has maximal minimum correlation over all shifts k. Interesting. This might be helpful for structuring the optimization.

But how does that help in the optimization? Perhaps formulating the problem as maximizing the minimum of cross-correlations, but again, this is a non-convex optimization problem.

Alternatively, using a different formulation of the problem. For example, using a parametrization of h that's easier to optimize. Suppose we model h as a binary vector, but that's not allowed because h(x) is a real function between 0 and 1. However, if we use a discretized binary approach (e.g., using 0 and 1), the integral would be the number of 1s multiplied by dx. But since the integral must be 1, the number of 1s would be n_points / 2. However, the previous code uses real numbers between 0 and 1, so perhaps a continuous approach is better.

But the user wants to find a step function, so maybe using a step function with a certain structure. For example, having multiple segments where h takes a specific value, and the rest are zero. However, how to choose those segments.

Another idea: using a randomized approach where the initial h is constructed by randomly placing certain intervals of high and low values, ensuring that the integral is 1. Then, optimizing this structure. But this seems vague.

Alternatively, perhaps using a method that alternates between optimizing for different shifts. For example, first find a h that minimizes the overlap for k=0, but since the overlap for k=0 is ∫ h(x)(1-h(x))dx = ∫ h(x)(1-h(x))dx. This integral is maximized when h(x) is as far as possible from 0.5. But since we want to minimize the maximum overlap, the overlap for k=0 is a candidate for max, but maybe it's not the main factor. However, this is not directly helpful.

Wait, the previous code's initial_h_values might be similar to some known optimal functions. For example, the Erdős problem for C_5 is likely related to specific constructions in harmonic analysis. Maybe the initial_h_values is based on a specific construction, and improving it by modifying certain parts could yield better results.

Another thought: since the problem is related to minimizing the maximum correlation, perhaps using a randomized initial guess with more spread out values. For example, generating an initial h that has more uniform distribution of 1s and 0s, which might lead to lower overlaps.

But given that the initial_h_values is already provided, perhaps the best approach is to optimize it further. So, the previous code used multi-start with L-BFGS, but maybe we can try a different optimization strategy, like using a different solver.

Looking at the available libraries, the user can use scipy.optimize with different methods. For example, using the SLSQP method, which can handle constraints more effectively. The previous code used COBYLA for local refinement. Maybe using SLSQP with more parameters could yield better results.

Alternatively, using a direct search method like Nelder-Mead, which doesn't require gradient information. However, this might be slower.

Another idea is to use a combination of methods. For example, first using a global optimization method to find a good starting point, then refine it with a local method. But the question is which global optimization is feasible within 100 seconds.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function. For example, precomputing the needed correlations and reusing them during optimization. However, the current code already does that with the np.correlate function.

So, putting this together, perhaps the main improvements would be:

1. Using a different optimization method, such as SLSQP or differential evolution.
2. Using a different initial guess, but the user has provided initial_h_values.
3. Adding more diversity in the perturbations during the multi-start phase.
4. Increasing the number of initial perturbations.
5. Using a better local optimization method.

But how to implement this in code?

Let me think about the steps. The current code uses L-BFGS-B in the multi-start loop and then COBYLA for refinement. Perhaps switching to a different method in the multi-start steps could help. For example, using differential evolution (DE) for the initial optimization steps.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method with constraints, which can handle both equality and inequality constraints. The SLSQP method might be more effective in finding better solutions.

Let me consider using differential evolution for the initial steps. Differential evolution is a population-based optimization that can explore the search space more thoroughly. But with the given time budget, it's possible that using a limited number of iterations would suffice.

But implementing differential evolution would require generating a population of candidate solutions and evolving them. However, the user may prefer a more straightforward approach.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where we use a few runs of the previous code but with different initial perturbations and different optimization methods.

Another thought: the current code's perturbations are additive Gaussian noise. Maybe using a different perturbation strategy, such as swapping values or using a more structured variation.

Alternatively, combining the initial guess with random mutations, such as changing a subset of the h values.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to implement a differential evolution approach for the initial steps, then use a local optimization method.

However, scipy's differential_evolution is a function that can be used for this. Let me check the parameters. For example, the bounds are already defined. The objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation.

But using differential evolution might be computationally expensive, but with the given time, perhaps it's feasible.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with a population of size 10 or so, evolving over a few generations.

But for code brevity, perhaps it's better to stick with a combination of methods.

Let me outline a revised approach:

- Use a multi-start approach with different initial perturbations and optimization methods.
- Use a different optimization method, such as SLSQP or differential evolution, for the initial steps.
- Refine the best solution with a more robust local optimizer.

Now, considering the code structure, the previous code used optimize.minimize with L-BFGS-B and COBYLA. Let me try to replace the multi-start step with a differential evolution run.

But differential evolution is typically used for unconstrained problems. However, the problem has an equality constraint (the sum of h must be n_points / 2). To handle this, perhaps we can use a penalty method, but differential evolution might not directly support constraints. Alternatively, we can parametrize the variables to handle the constraint automatically.

Wait, the problem requires that sum(h) is exactly n_points/2. This is an equality constraint. So the differential evolution approach would need to be adapted to handle this.

One way to handle equality constraints is to use a parametrization that naturally satisfies the constraint. For example, using the first (n_points -1) variables and the last one being determined by the constraint. However, this would require adjusting the code.

Alternatively, during the optimization, we can add a penalty term to the objective function that penalizes deviations from the constraint. However, this may complicate the objective function.

Another approach is to model the variables as a vector where the sum is constrained, and during the optimization, project the solution back to the constraint. However, this might not be straightforward.

Given the complexity, perhaps it's better to stick with the previous approach but tweaks the optimization parameters.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method for the initial steps and then COBYLA for refinement.

So, modifying the previous code to use SLSQP in the multi-start loop.

Let me think about the code. In the previous code, the multi-start uses L-BFGS-B with random perturbations. To try using SLSQP, we can adjust the method in the optimize.minimize call. However, SLSQP requires gradients, which may not be available. If we can compute the gradient, it might be better. But the objective function is the maximum of the correl0ates, which is a non-differentiable function. Hence, the gradient might be difficult to compute.

Alternatively, the SLSQP method can be used with finite differences for the gradient calculation, but that might be slower.

In any case, trying to switch the multi-start method to SLSQP might not be straightforward.

Another idea: The previous code uses a small number of starts (3), perhaps increasing that number could help. For example, using 10 starts instead of 3.

Additionally, the current code uses perturbations with Laplace noise. Maybe using another type of noise, like uniform noise, could be more effective.

Alternatively, in the multi-start phase, use a grid-based approach for the initial perturbations, but with the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Another approach is to use the initial_h_values and perturb it in a more systematic way. For example, applying a small amount of noise to certain positions, but this would require specific knowledge of where the overlaps are.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best way to proceed is to modify the previous code by using a different optimization method for the multi-start steps, such as using the SLSQP method with more iterations, and adjusting the perturbations.

Alternatively, using a more aggressive perturbation in the initial steps. For example, instead of adding small noise, randomly swapping some values between 0 and 1, ensuring the sum remains correct.

But how to implement that? For example, in the perturbation step, for a random subset of indices, we can set them to 0 or 1, ensuring that the total sum is maintained. However, this could be complex to implement.

Alternatively, use transforms that preserve the integral constraint. For example, using a rotation or permutation of the initial values, but this is unclear.

Another idea: Since the function is a step function with a fixed integral, maybe the optimal solution has certain symmetries. For example, it could be a periodic function with period 1, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, the optimal solution could resemble a square wave with multiple segments. However, constructing such a function algorithmically could be challenging.

Given the time constraints and the need to produce code within 100 seconds, perhaps the best way is to try to improve the previous code's approach by using a different initial perturbation strategy, such as using a more structured perturbation, and possibly using a different optimization method.

Let me try modifying the previous code:

- Increase the number of multi-start iterations.
- Use different types of perturbations (e.g., uniform noise instead of Laplace).
- Use the SLSQP method for the initial optimization steps, if possible.

But considering that the previous code's main issue might be the limited number of starts, adding more starts and varying the perturbations could help. Also, using a better local optimizer.

In the previous code, the local refinement used COBYLA with 100 iterations. Maybe using SLSQP with more iterations could be better.

So, the plan is to:

1. Use a multi-start approach with more iterations (e.g., 5 or 10) and different perturbations.
2. Use a more sophisticated perturbation method, like uniform noise.
3. Use a different optimization method in the local refinement, perhaps SLSQP.

Now, let me think about how to implement this in code.

First, the perturbation step. Instead of adding laplace noise, use uniform noise. Also, maybe add different types of perturbations in different rounds.

Second, in the multi-start phase, instead of using L-BFGS-B, use SLSQP or other methods. However, SLSQP may not work if the gradient is not available. So, perhaps using the SLSQP method with a finite difference gradient.

But for the purposes of time and code simplicity, perhaps using the previous method but increasing the number of starts and using different perturbation types.

Another idea is to take the initial_h_values, and generate a few different variations of it by flipping certain segments, then optimize each variation.

But this requires a way to generate those variations, which could be done with simple operations.

Alternatively, for the multi-start steps, instead of adding noise to the initial_h_values, generate a few random initial guesses that satisfy the integral constraint.

But generating a random guess that satisfies the integral constraint can be done by sampling from a uniform distribution and adjusting the last value to meet the sum requirement.

For example:

Generate a random vector of length n_points -1, with values between 0 and 1, then set the nth value to (target_sum - sum(rnd_vec)) / dx. But this may not be accurate. Wait, the target_sum is n_points / 2. So sum(h) must be n_points / 2. So for the first n_points -1 elements, generate random values between 0 and 1, and the last value is determined as (n_points / 2 - sum(rnd_vec)).

But the last value may go out of bounds. To ensure it's between 0 and 1, we can clamp it, but this might not satisfy the sum requirement. Thus, this approach may not work. Alternatively, generate all values randomly and adjust the last one to meet the sum requirement. However, this could lead to some values outside of [0,1].

This could be a way to generate random initial guesses that satisfy the integral constraint. However, it may not be feasible due to the decimal precision.

Alternatively, use a random permutation of 0s and 1s, adjusting the number of 1s to achieve the desired sum. But since the sum must be n_points / 2, this requires n_points to be even, which may not be the case. For example, if n_points is 45, which is odd, then the sum would be 22.5, which is not possible for a binary vector. Hence, this approach is not applicable.

Another idea is to use a random initial guess where each h[i] is a random value between 0 and 1, and then scale the vector to meet the sum requirement. This is possible by scaling the entire vector by a factor. For example, the sum of the random vector is S, then scale each element by (target_sum / S) to achieve the sum. This would ensure the integral is correct. However, this could lead to some elements exceeding the [0,1] range. For example, if the random vector has elements in [0,1], scaling by (target_sum / S) could exceed 1 if S is less than target_sum. So this approach might not work.

This is getting complicated. Perhaps the simplest way is to use the initial_h_values as the base and add small perturbations. 

In the previous code, the noise is added as laplace(0, 0.05), and then clipped to [0, 1]. Maybe using a larger noise could help escape local optima, but it's a trade-off.

Given that, perhaps modifying the previous code's multi-start to use a larger number of starts (e.g., 5 instead of 3), and using different perturbation methods.

In the current code, the line:

noise = np.random.laplace(0, 0.05, n_points)

could be replaced with:

noise = np.random.uniform(-0.1, 0.1, n_points)

to explore the space differently.

Another idea is to try different optimization methods for each start. For example, using SLSQP with a different tolerance.

But given the time, perhaps the best way is to code these changes and see.

So, to summarize, the revised code would:

- Increase the number of multi-start iterations.
- Use different perturbation methods.
- Use a different optimization method for the initial steps.

But without knowing the exact changes that would lead to better results, it's hard to say. However, the previous code had a candidate C₅ of 0.381143, and the target is to get below 0.38085. 

Another idea is to use the initial_h_values as the starting point and try to refine it with a more accurate method, such as using a combination of L-BFGS-B and COBYLA with more iterations.

Alternatively, using a local optimization with a lower tolerance to find a better solution.

In the previous code, the local refinement uses COBYLA with maxiter=100. Perhaps increasing this to 200 or more could help.

But this would require more computational time, which may be within the budget.

So, putting all these thoughts together, here's a revised plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the base.
- Perform multiple multi-start optimization cycles, each time perturbing the initial guess with different types of noise.
- Use different optimization methods for the initial steps.
- Perform a local refinement with a more robust optimizer.

Now, implementing this in code.

The code would need to:

- Define the objective function as before.
- For the multi-start phase, add more starts, use different perturbations.
- Use a variety of optimization methods for the initial steps.
- Refine the best solution with COBYLA or SLSQP.

But given the time, let's proceed to code.

Now, modifying the previous code's multi-start loop to use more iterations and different perturbations.

Also, maybe using SLSQP for the initial steps.

But integrating this into the code requires changes to the optimization calls.

For example, in the multi-start loop, instead of using L-BFGS-B, use SLSQP with some parameters.

However, SLSQP may have issues with the objective function's non-differentiability.

Alternatively, use a different method.

In the end, perhaps the best approach is to try modifying the previous code by increasing the number of starts and varying the perturbation methods, and see if that helps improve the result.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    start_time = time.time()
    
    best_h = initial_h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    def perturb(h):
        h_perturbed = h.copy()
        idx = np.random.choice(n_points, size=5, replace=False)
        h_perturbed[idx] += np.random.uniform(-0.2, 0.2, size=5)
        h_perturbed = np.clip(h_perturbed, 0, 1)
        # Adjust sum
        diff = target_sum - np.sum(h_perturbed)
        if diff != 0:
            idx = np.random.choice(n_points, size=2, replace=False)
            h_perturbed[idx[0]] += diff * 0.5
            h_perturbed[idx[1]] += diff * 0.5
            h_perturbed = np.clip(h_perturbed, 0, 1)
        return h_perturbed
    
    # Multi-start with structured perturbations
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        h_perturbed = perturb(best_h)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=h_perturbed,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 50, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
        )
        if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(result.x)
            best_h = result.x
    
    # Local refinement with COBYLA and SLSQP
    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=best_h,
        method='SLSQP',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
    )
    if result.success:
        best_c5 = objective(result.x)
        best_h = result.x
    
    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=best_h,
        method='COBYLA',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 150, 'disp': False}
    )
    if result.success:
        best_c5 = objective(result.x)
        best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```