<think>
Okay, let's see. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is to beat that with a lower value. The previous code used a multi-start optimization approach with L-BFGS-B and COBYLA, starting from an initial construction. But we need to find a better approach.

First, I need to think about how to improve this. The previous method used random perturbations and local optimization, but maybe there's a smarter way. Maybe using different optimization algorithms or better initialization strategies. Also, maybe using more efficient heuristics for the problem.

Hmm, the objective is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is the max correlation between h and 1-h shifted by k. Since the overlap is computed as the maximum of these correlations, perhaps we need to design h such that these overlaps are minimized. 

What are the constraints? The integral of h over [0,2] is 1, so the total area is fixed. The function h can only take values between 0 and 1.

The previous code used L-BFGS-B and COBYLA, but maybe other methods like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing could explore the search space better. However, with the time budget, maybe a hybrid approach is better. Let's think about how to optimize this.

Another idea: maybe instead of perturbing the initial guess, use a different initial construction. The initial_h_values is given, but perhaps generating a different starting point could avoid local optima. For example, using a more evenly spaced or structured initial guess, like a step function with multiple segments.

Wait, the problem allows using different starting points. So maybe starting with a different structure could yield better results. For example, a piecewise constant function with multiple intervals where h is 0 or 1, arranged to minimize overlaps.

But how to create such a structure? Maybe using a grid of points where h alternates between 0 and 1 in some pattern. However, with the constraint that the integral is 1, the number of 1s and 0s must balance.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a covering problem. The function h needs to spread out over the interval so that when you shift it, the overlap with 1-h is minimized. Maybe a randomized approach where h is concentrated in certain regions but not too overlapping when shifted.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem? The current approach uses gradient-based methods, but maybe the problem is non-convex, and gradient descent could get stuck. So maybe adding some randomness or using a different optimization strategy, like a simplex method or Bayesian optimization, might help.

Another thought: the previous code uses np.correlate to compute the overlaps. For each shift k, compute the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). The maximum of these is C₅. So the problem is to minimize this maximum over all k. 

This is a max-min optimization problem. So perhaps we can model it as a constrained optimization where we minimize the maximum over all possible k. However, with continuous k, this is challenging. But when discretized, since the function is sampled at n_points intervals, we can consider all possible shifts that correspond to the sampled points.

But in the code, they use the full mode of correlate, which gives the correlation for all possible shifts. For a function h defined on [0,2], shifting by k would correspond to some k in the range such that the overlap is computed. For discrete samples, the maximum over the correlation values is what's considered.

So the challenge is to find h such that for any shift k, the integral is as small as possible. The previous code uses an optimization approach where the objective is to minimize the maximum correlation value.

But maybe there's a way to model this as a more structured problem. For example, using a periodic function or a structure that repeats in some way. However, given the interval is [0,2], perhaps a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that the shifted overlaps are minimized.

Another idea is to use a local search method with a better initial guess. For instance, starting with the initial_h_values and then using a more effective local search. The previous code used L-BFGS-B and then COBYLA, but maybe a different combination. Or perhaps using a basin-hopping method for global optimization.

Wait, but with the time constraints, we need an efficient method. Let's think about the hyperparameters. In the previous code, they used 3 random perturbations and then COBYLA. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or using different starting points could help. Or maybe using a different optimization method for the initial steps.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be rephrased as a constrained optimization where we minimize the maximum of several functions. Since the maximum is involved, this is a min-max problem. However, it's challenging to handle directly with gradient-based methods. So, perhaps approximating the maximum with a penalty function.

Wait, the objective is to minimize the maximum of the correlation values. To do this, we can use a soft maximum approach, where we minimize the sum of the correlations raised to some power, or use a smooth approximation of the maximum function. However, this might complicate the objective function.

Alternatively, since the maximum is taken over all k, perhaps the code can be optimized by considering only the relevant k's. For example, in the current setup, for each shift k, the correlation is calculated. But maybe the maximum occurs for certain shifts. However, it's not clear which shifts are critical, so we can't ignore them.

Another angle: the previous code uses a fixed number of points, say n_points. But the user mentioned that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. Maybe using a smaller n_points could allow for faster optimization and better exploration. The previous code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 45. So, maybe trying with a smaller n_points could be beneficial. However, the initial_h_values is given, so we can't change that unless we start from a different initial guess.

Wait, the user says that the initial_h_values is available, and we can use it directly. So perhaps we should stick to that number of points (45). So the code must use that same number of points.

Hmm. Let me think about the optimization approach. The previous code uses a multi-start approach with L-BFGS-B followed by COBYLA. Maybe using a different optimization method, such as genetic algorithms, could explore the search space better. However, genetic algorithms can be slow, but maybe with a small population size and some early stopping, it could be feasible.

But with the time budget of 100 seconds, maybe using a combination of methods would be better. Let's consider that the previous code uses a local optimization after perturbing the initial guess, which might get stuck in local optima. Maybe using a more global approach for the initial steps, then switching to local optimization.

Another idea: since the problem is non-convex, maybe using a different optimization algorithm that can escape local minima. For example, the differential evolution (DE) algorithm is a global optimization method that can be effective. However, DE may be slower than L-BFGS-B, but with a small population size, maybe it's feasible.

Alternatively, could we use a surrogate model to approximate the objective function and perform Bayesian optimization? That might be more efficient, but implementing that would take time.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated constraint handling. The current code uses a constraint to ensure that the sum of h is fixed. However, the objective function is the maximum of the correlations. So, the problem is to minimize that maximum, subject to the sum constraint. 

In the previous code, the constraints are handled with the 'eq' constraint in the optimize.minimize function. That's a good approach. But maybe the way the objective is structured can be improved.

Let me think about how to structure the objective function. The current code uses the maximum of the correlations. But for gradient-based optimization, taking the maximum might be problematic because the gradient is not defined where the maximum occurs. However, in practice, the optimization might handle this by using a penalty or by using a method that handles non-smooth objectives.

Alternatively, maybe using a softmax approximation to the maximum, but that would complicate things.

Another thought: in the current code, the initial_h_values is used, but what if we generate a different initial guess? For example, creating a structured initial guess that spreads the h values in a way that reduces overlaps. For instance, a function that is high in certain regions and low in others, such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

For example, perhaps dividing the interval [0,2] into m regions where h is 1 or 0, ensuring that the sum is 1. This would be a step function with multiple intervals. However, the initial_h_values may not be such a structure. But if we can generate such a step function, it could be a better starting point.

However, generating such a structure algorithmically might be challenging. For example, for n_points = 45, we can divide the interval into intervals where h is 1 for a certain fraction of the time. For example, if the total integral is 1, then the total length of intervals where h is 1 would be 1 * dx (since integral is sum(h) * dx = 1). Wait, sum(h) is equal to n_points/2 because dx = 2/n_points, so sum(h)*dx = 1 => sum(h) = n_points/2. Therefore, for the initial guess, we need to have sum(h) = n_points / 2.

So, for a structured initial guess, perhaps we can distribute the 1's and 0's in a way that minimizes overlaps. For example, if we spread the 1's evenly in the interval, but perhaps with some periodicity to avoid overlaps. 

But how to implement that. For instance, using a periodic pattern where h is 1 for a certain fraction of the time and 0 otherwise. For example, a square wave with period T, but adjusted to the interval [0,2].

But given that the seed is 42, maybe the initial_h_values is a specific structure, but without knowing it, we can't assume. However, the user has given us the initial_h_values, so we can use that as the starting point.

But maybe another approach is to use a different starting structure. For example, alternating between 1 and 0 in a certain pattern. However, since the sum must be 1, the number of 1s and 0s must balance. So, if we have a step function with periodicity, like a sine wave, but that's continuous. Alternatively, a piecewise constant function that alternates between 1 and 0, with a certain period.

But without knowing the structure of initial_h_values, it's difficult to proceed. However, the code must use the given initial_h_values as the starting point, so we have to work with that.

Another idea: maybe using a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) to explore the search space, and then using a local optimizer like L-BFGS-B. PSO can be more global than gradient-based methods but may be slower. However, with the time budget, perhaps a hybrid approach is needed.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient, but could we vectorize it further? Or precompute the shifts?

Wait, the objective function computes the maximum of the correlations between h and 1-h for all possible shifts. For the given h, the correlation is computed for all k, and the maximum is taken. The code uses the full mode of correlate, which gives the cross-correlation for all shifts. For the interval [0, 2], the shifts can be from -2 to 2, but the actual positions where the overlap is computed depend on the length of the arrays. 

But for the current setup, the code computes the max of the correlation values, which is the maximum overlap. 

So the key is to find an h that minimizes that maximum.

Another thought: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution is such that all overlaps are equal. That would be the case where the maximum is minimized. So maybe we can try to approach that condition. However, achieving that exactly may be difficult, but it can guide the optimization.

Alternatively, maybe using a convex relaxation of the problem. But since the problem is inherently non-convex, this may not be feasible.

Another angle: look for existing literature on the Erdős problem. The Erdős minimum overlap problem is about finding a function h with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap with its shifted versions. The current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and the goal is to improve it. 

But without access to literature, I have to proceed with heuristics. 

Let me think about the previous code. It starts with the initial_h_values, then does multi-start optimization with random perturbations. But maybe the perturbations aren't effective. For example, using a larger perturbation step could lead to better exploration. However, the previous code uses a small noise (Laplace with 0.05), which might not be sufficient. 

Alternatively, using a different perturbation, like swapping certain regions of the function. For example, flipping values in the initial guess to create a different structure. But how to implement that.

Alternatively, using a more structured approach. For example, dividing the initial function into segments and reordering them. But that's more complex.

Another idea is to use a different optimization algorithm. For example, the previous code uses L-BFGS-B and COBYLA. COBYLA is a derivative-free method, which might be better for non-smooth objectives. Maybe combining different methods for different phases of the optimization.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations for each optimization. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance parameters could lead to better results.

Additionally, the initial code may not be exploring enough different initial points. For instance, using a larger number of random perturbations could lead to better coverage of the search space. However, with the time budget, the number of iterations is limited.

Another possibility is to use a different starting guess. For example, generating a new starting guess with a more random structure, then optimizing from there. However, since the user says that the initial_h_values is available, and we should use it directly, generating a new initial guess might not be allowed. Wait, the user says: "When initial_h_values is available, use it directly. Never redefine it or copy its entries into the response. Construct all large arrays algorithmically; do not print long numeric literals or unrolled tables." 

So we can't create a new initial guess; we must work with the provided initial_h_values. So the code must start from that and optimize from there. 

Given that, perhaps the way to improve the code is to optimize the initial steps more effectively. For example, using a more robust optimization algorithm for the initial steps, like a genetic algorithm, but with a small population size and early stopping.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which is efficient for expensive functions. However, implementing that in Python with scipy might be challenging, but perhaps using hyperopt or other libraries. However, the user has limited resources and the code must use scipy, numpy, and other allowed libraries.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient, but maybe there's a way to vectorize the calculation of the maximum overlap.

Another approach: the maximum overlap occurs at certain shifts. Perhaps focusing the optimization on those critical shifts. But without knowing which shifts are critical, this is difficult.

Let me also think about the previous code's results. The previous attempt had a C₅ bound of 0.381143, which is slightly higher than the target of 0.380876. The user wants to find a better construction. So perhaps the code can be modified to achieve a lower value.

What if the previous code's multi-start approach could be enhanced? For example, instead of using a Laplace perturbation, using a uniform distribution or another method to generate perturbations. Also, adjusting the number of perturbations.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the first steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a small population size and then switching to L-BFGS-B for refinement.

But again, the code must be efficient and fit within the time budget.

Another idea: instead of using 3 perturbations, use more, but with lower iterations. For example, using 10 perturbations, each with fewer iterations, to explore more of the search space.

Alternatively, using a different method for the first optimization steps. For example, using the SLSQP method, which can handle constraints and may find better solutions.

Wait, the previous code used L-BFGS-B and then COBYLA. What if we use a different sequence of methods? For instance, using COBYLA first, then L-BFGS-B.

Alternatively, try different optimization algorithms for different parts of the process.

Another thought: the problem's objective function is non-smooth due to the maximum operation. The gradient may be undefined at certain points, which can cause issues for gradient-based methods. Perhaps using a smoothing technique for the objective function during optimization.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where instead of taking the maximum, we sum the squares of the correlations, which is smooth and easier to optimize. Then, the minimum of this sum would approximate the minimum of the maximum. 

But this could be challenging. For example, minimizing the sum of squared correlations might not directly correspond to minimizing the maximum. However, it might be more tractable for optimization.

Alternatively, could we use a variant where we minimize the maximum by tacking a penalty on the maximum value. For example, adding a term to the objective that penalizes when the maximum exceeds a certain threshold. However, this requires knowing the maximum, which is what we are trying to minimize.

Alternatively, using a conditional gradient method or other algorithm for constrained optimization.

Hmm, this is quite complex. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code's optimization strategy. For instance, increasing the number of perturbations and using a different optimization method.

Another idea: use a more robust optimization method, like Basin Hopping, which is designed for global optimization. It randomly perturbs the solution and uses a local optimization method to find better minima. This could be more effective in escaping local optima.

But how to implement Basin Hopping in the code? The scipy.optimize has a basin_hopping method. However, there's a delay in getting the options right. 

So, modifying the code to use Basin Hopping for the initial steps could be beneficial. 

Alternatively, combining multiple methods. For example, use Basin Hopping for the initial exploration, then switch to local optimization.

Another consideration is the constraints. The current code uses the 'eq' constraint for the sum. The optimization methods must handle that.

In the previous code, after the initial perturbations, they do a COBYLA refinement. Maybe using a different refinement method could improve the results.

So, putting this together, here's a possible approach:

- Start with the initial_h_values.
- Use a basin hopping approach to explore the search space, using a local optimizer like L-BFGS-B.
- After finding a better solution, use COBYLA or another method for local refinement.

However, implementing Basin Hopping may require more code.

Alternatively, using a different initial perturbation strategy. For example, instead of adding Laplace noise, using a uniform perturbation of certain segments of the function.

But without access to the initial_h_values structure, it's hard to know where to apply such perturbations.

Another aspect: the convergence criteria. The previous code uses a fixed number of iterations. Maybe adjusting the tolerance parameters or using a dynamic stopping condition based on the improvement in the objective function.

Another idea: use parallelization. However, since only one CPU is available, parallelization isn't feasible.

Considering all these possibilities, perhaps the best way to improve the previous code is to use a different optimization algorithm for the initial perturbations, like Basin Hopping. Let me try to outline the code changes.

The previous code used:

for _ in range(3):
    if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
        break
    noise = np.random.laplace(0, 0.05, n_points)
    perturbed = np.clip(initial_h + noise, 0, 1)
    result = optimize.minimize(..., method='L-BFGS-B', ...)

Instead of using L-BFGS-B, perhaps using the Basin Hopping method with a local optimizer. However, the scipy.optimize.basinhopping function may take time, but with a limited number of iterations, it could be feasible.

Alternatively, use the COBYLA method for the initial steps. 

Another thought: the previous code uses the same initial guess for all the perturbations. What if we generate multiple different initial guesses based on the initial_h_values, like flipping some segments or scaling them.

Alternatively, randomizing the initial guess more drastically, such as by randomly setting some points to 0 or 1, ensuring the sum constraint is maintained.

But to maintain the sum constraint, we need to ensure that after randomization, the sum is still n_points/2. This could be done by setting certain points to 0 or 1 and adjusting others accordingly.

However, this may complicate the code.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code by increasing the number of perturbations and using a different method for the initial optimization, like Basin Hopping. Let's try to implement that.

But wait, the Basin Hopping method may require more lines of code. Let me think about how to incorporate it.

Alternatively, maybe the code can use a genetic algorithm, but with scipy, there's no built-in GA. However, we can use a simple mutation and crossover approach. But that would be more code and may not fit within the budget.

Alternatively, using a different method for optimization. For example, in the previous code, using the 'SLSQP' method for the initial perturbations.

Wait, the 'L-BFGS-B' method may have issues with the non-smooth objective function. Maybe using 'SLSQP' with bounds could be better.

Another possibility is to use the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method, which doesn't require gradients and handles constraints. However, it might be slower.

Given the time, I think that modifying the previous code to use Basin Hopping for the initial steps could be a good approach. Let me try to outline the code.

Import Basin Hopping from scipy.optimize.

def run(...):
    ...
    # Use basin hopping for initial exploration
    from scipy.optimize import basinhopping
    ...
    result = basinhopping(objective, initial_h, niter=50, T=1.0, minimizer_kwargs={"method": "L-BFGS-B", "bounds": bounds, "constraints": constraints})
    best_h = result.x
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    ...
    # Then use local refinement with COBYLA or other method

But this may require more code and time. However, the budget is 100 seconds.

Alternatively, in the previous code, we can increase the number of perturbations, use a different method for optimization, and adjust the parameters.

In the previous code, after the initial perturbations, they used COBYLA for refinement. What if we try to use a different method for the initial steps, like a combination of SLSQP and COBYLA.

Alternatively, try using a different initial perturbation strategy. For example, not using Laplace noise, but randomizing some points.

But given the time, perhaps the simplest and most effective approach is to try modifying the existing code by using Basin Hopping for the initial steps and then refining with COBYLA.

But I need to fit this into the code. Let me outline the steps:

1. Import basinhopping from scipy.optimize.
2. In the run function, after initializing the best_h and best_c5, perform Basin Hopping with the initial_h as starting point.
3. Use Basinhopping with a reasonable number of iterations, and then do a local refinement.

However, the code must be efficient and fit within the time budget.

Another thought: the previous code uses 3 perturbations with L-BFGS-B. What if using more perturbations and a different method for each?

But I'm not sure. Given that, perhaps the code can be adjusted as follows:

- Use a more aggressive perturbation during initial steps.
- Increase the number of perturbations.
- Use a different optimization method like SLSQP.

But I'm not certain. Given the previous code's structure, perhaps the best bet is to enhance the initial steps by using a different optimization method and more iterations.

Alternatively, perhaps the code can be modified to use a direct search method for the initial steps, and then switch to gradient-based for refinement.

Another angle: the current code uses the same initial guess for all perturbations, which might not be efficient. What if generating multiple different initial guesses from the initial_h_values by applying different transformations, like flipping certain sections or scaling.

But generating these transformations algorithmically is challenging.

Considering all these possibilities, I think the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a more robust optimization method for the initial steps and then refine with COBYLA. This may lead to a better solution.

Alternatively, if time allows, using a combination of methods, such as a genetic algorithm for the first steps, but implementing that would be time-consuming.

Given the time constraints and the need to fit within the code, perhaps the best way is to follow the previous approach but use more perturbations and adjust the parameters. For example, increase the number of perturbations from 3 to 5 or 10, and use a larger noise magnitude.

But in the previous code, the noise is added with a standard deviation of 0.05. Perhaps increasing the noise could help escape local optima. Let me think: if the initial guess is perturbed more, it might explore different regions. However, too much perturbation might violate the bounds (0-1).

Alternatively, using a different perturbation strategy. For example, randomly selecting a few points and setting them to 0 or 1, while adjusting others to maintain the sum constraint.

But this would require more complex code.

In the previous code, the perturbed is clipped to [0,1], which is correct. So maybe the noise should be larger. For example, using a normal distribution with a larger variance.

But without knowing the effectiveness, it's hard to say. 

Another idea: using the initial_h_values as the starting point, but then applying a random permutation of the points, ensuring the sum is maintained. This could be a way to get a different initial guess quickly.

However, permuting the points would change the structure of h, but the sum is maintained if the sum is preserved. However, the sum is already checked by the constraint.

But this would require shuffling the points. For example, in the initial step, create a new h_values by shuffling the initial_h_values and then applying the constraint.

But this is just a change in the order of the values, which may not significantly change the function's structure. 

Alternatively, create a structured initial guess based on the initial_h_values. For example, applying a certain transformation to the initial_h_values.

But without knowing the structure of initial_h_values, it's impossible to know.

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to use the existing code but with some tweaks. For example, increasing the number of perturbations and using different noise parameters. Let me try to adjust the previous code's perturbation part.

In the previous code, the loop is for _ in range(3), and for each, it adds noise with std 0.05. What if increasing the number of iterations to 5 or 10? Or using a different distribution, like uniform.

For example, changing the noise to np.random.uniform(-0.1, 0.1, n_points) to create larger perturbations. However, the clipping ensures that the values stay within 0-1.

So, modifying the code to use a larger random perturbation might help escape local optima.

Another change could be using the 'SLSQP' method instead of 'L-BFGS-B' in the initial optimization steps. SLSQP can handle both equality and inequality constraints better in some cases.

So, modifying the code to use 'SLSQP' in the initial perturbations.

But I'm not sure. Let me outline the changes.

In the previous code, inside the loop:

result = optimize.minimize(
    fun=objective,
    x0=perturbed,
    method='L-BFGS-B',
    bounds=bounds,
    constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
    options={'maxiter': 50, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
)

If we change the method to 'SLSQP', maybe the optimization could be more effective. Let's try that.

Another idea: use a different noise distribution. For example, uniform instead of Laplace.

So, in the previous code:

noise = np.random.laplace(0, 0.05, n_points)

Change it to:

noise = np.random.uniform(-0.1, 0.1, n_points)

But this might lead to larger perturbations.

Additionally, increase the number of perturbations from 3 to 5 or 10.

Another adjustment: increase the maxiter for the initial optimization to 100 instead of 50, or adjust the ftol.

In the previous code, the options are {'maxiter': 50, 'ftol': 1e-9}.

Increasing maxiter could allow for better exploration.

Also, in the COBYLA refinement, increasing the maxiter to 200.

These changes could lead to better results.

Another consideration: the objective function may have flat regions, and the optimization may get stuck. Increasing the number of perturbations and changing the method could help.

Putting this all together, here's a modified version of the previous code:

- Increase the number of perturbations from 3 to 5.
- Change the noise to uniform distribution with larger magnitude.
- Use 'SLSQP' as the optimization method for perturbations.
- Increase maxiter for the initial optimization steps.
- Use COBYLA for refinement.

This could potentially lead to better results.

So, the code would look like:

In the initial for loop:

for _ in range(5):
    if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
        break
    noise = np.random.uniform(-0.1, 0.1, n_points)
    perturbed = np.clip(initial_h + noise, 0, 1)
    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=perturbed,
        method='SLSQP',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
    )
    if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
        best_c5 = objective(result.x)
        best_h = result.x

Then after the initial steps, refine with COBYLA.

This might help the optimization escape local optima and find better solutions.

Another change: in the initial_h_values, perhaps the sum is exactly n_points/2. But the code ensures that by the constraint.

So, with these changes, the code could potentially improve the C₅ bound.

Another possibility is to use a different method for refinement. Instead of COBYLA, maybe use 'L-BFGS-B' with bounds.

But I need to implement this in code.

Additionally, to track time, the code should stop early if the budget is reached.

Another idea: after doing the initial perturbations, do a more aggressive local search. For example, using a different method with higher tolerance.

Overall, these changes could lead to a better solution. Now, let me write the code incorporating these modifications.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    start_time = time.time()
    
    best_h = initial_h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    # Multi-start optimization with structured perturbations
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Random perturbation with uniform distribution
        noise = np.random.uniform(-0.15, 0.15, n_points)
        perturbed = np.clip(initial_h + noise, 0, 1)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
        )
        if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(result.x)
            best_h = result.x
    
    # Local refinement with COBYLA
    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=best_h,
        method='COBYLA',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 200, 'disp': False}
    )
    if result.success:
        best_c5 = objective(result.x)
        best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```