<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and the target is to get even lower, like 0.380876. The previous code uses a local search approach with perturbations and SLSQP optimization, but maybe I can find a better way.

First, let me think about the problem again. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is the maximum of the correlation between h and 1-h over all shifts k. The constraints are that h integrates to 1 over [0,2], and h is between 0 and 1.

The previous code starts with an initial guess (initial_h_values) and uses a local optimization with perturbations. However, maybe that approach is getting stuck in local minima. Perhaps a better strategy is to use a different optimization algorithm or structure the search differently.

I remember that for such problems, sometimes using a genetic algorithm or a population-based approach can help escape local optima. But given the time constraints (100 seconds), I need something efficient. Alternatively, maybe a more structured approach, like dividing the interval into regions and optimizing the function piecewise.

Another idea is to use a different initial guess. The current initial_h_values might be suboptimal. Maybe a better starting point could be a more evenly distributed function, such as a piecewise constant function with equal spacing. For example, if I have n_points samples, perhaps set h(x) to 1/2 at certain intervals, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Wait, the integral constraint is sum(h) * dx = 1, which for n_points samples would be sum(h) = n_points / 2. So each sample contributes 1/2 on average. Maybe a better initial guess is a function that's 1 on half the interval and 0 on the other half, but adjusted to make the integral exactly 1. For example, a step function that's 1 for half the interval and 0 for the other half. However, since the interval is [0,2], maybe splitting into two equal parts. But that would have an integral of 1. However, such a function might not be optimal, but it's worth trying.

Alternatively, maybe using a more complex pattern, like a sinusoidal function or a combination of pulses. But how to construct that algorithmically?

Another approach is to consider the dual problem. The maximum overlap integral can be thought of as the worst-case shift, so maybe the function h needs to be designed to minimize the maximum of these overlaps. This sounds like a Chebyshev-type problem, where the function oscillates between extremes to minimize the maximum deviation. But how to translate that into an optimization problem?

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy algorithm. Start with an initial guess and iteratively adjust it to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, identify the shift k where the overlap is highest, then adjust h to reduce that overlap, then repeat. However, this could be computationally intensive, but perhaps with some smart heuristics.

But given the time budget, maybe a better approach is to use a different optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP with perturbations. Maybe using a faster method, like gradient descent with momentum, or even a Bayesian optimization approach to find better parameters.

Wait, the problem requires minimizing the maximum of several integrals. This is a min-max problem, which can be challenging. Maybe using a multi-objective optimization approach or transforming the problem into a single objective by considering the maximum value.

Another thought: the correlation between h and 1-h is the same as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For each k, this is the overlapping area between h and 1-h shifted by k. To minimize the maximum over k, the function h should be designed such that these overlaps are as small as possible for all k.

This seems similar to the concept of a "greedy" function that spreads out the 1's and 0's to avoid overlaps. However, the integral constraint complicates things.

Let me think about the initial approach. The current code uses perturbations around the best solution found so far. Maybe this isn't enough, and instead, we can use a more systematic approach. Perhaps using a simulated annealing method where we explore the search space more thoroughly.

Alternatively, maybe using a different starting point. The initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but if that's not the case, creating a new initial guess that's more evenly distributed could help. For example, a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a periodic way, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Wait, for the sample with 45 points, the initial_h_values is given. Let me think: 45 samples over [0,2], so each sample is at intervals of 2/45 ≈ 0.0444. The sum of h_values needs to be 45/2 = 22.5. So the initial guess has 22.5 as the sum. If I can create a better initial guess, maybe that would help.

But how to create an initial guess algorithmically? For example, maybe using a function that has multiple pulses. Let's say, place a pulse (value 1) at certain intervals. For instance, if the function is 1 in intervals of length a, then the integral would be a * 1. But since the integral needs to be 1, maybe a = 1. But that's a single pulse of length 1. However, overlapping with shifts of k would create overlaps. But maybe spreading the 1s out more would help.

Alternatively, if the function h is a step function with multiple steps. For instance, having multiple regions where h is 1, each of length a, and the sum of areas is 1. But the exact arrangement of these regions would affect the overlaps when shifted.

But constructing such a function algorithmically could help. However, this approach may be complex. Maybe for the initial guess, I can start by creating a function that is 1/2 everywhere except for some adjustments, but I'm not sure.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a covering problem. The function h(x) should be such that when shifted, the overlap with 1 - h(x + k) is minimized. Perhaps using a set of points where h(x) is 1 or 0, arranged in such a way that their shifts do not overlap much.

But how to model this? It's not straightforward. Maybe the optimal solution has h(x) taking on values 0 and 1 in a way that the overlaps are minimized. However, this is a discrete problem, and the continuous case may require a more nuanced approach.

Alternatively, considering the previous code's approach using SLSQP, perhaps modifying the optimization parameters. For example, using a more efficient method, like BFGS instead of SLSQP, or adjusting the perturbation strategy.

The previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (200) with noise_scale decreasing over time. Maybe instead, using a more adaptive approach. For example, starting with larger perturbations and reducing them as the algorithm progresses. Or using a population-based method where multiple candidates are evolved, selected, and mutated.

But given the time constraint, perhaps using a different optimization library or method. For instance, using the COBYLA method in scipy.optimize, which is suitable for bounds and constraints. Or maybe using a different solver like SLSQP with adjusted parameters.

Another consideration: the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which for a vector of length n gives a correlation of length 2n-1. The maximum of these values (scaled by dx) is the C5. However, the maximum might be achieved at certain shifts k, which depend on the function's structure. So, perhaps the function's periodicity or spacing of 1s and 0s can be designed to avoid these overlaps.

Wait, the previous code has a loop that runs 200 iterations, each time perturbing the current best solution and using SLSQP to minimize the objective. However, this might not be sufficient to find a global minimum. Perhaps a better approach is to use a global optimization method, like differential evolution, which is more likely to find the global minimum but is slower. However, within the time budget, maybe using a hybrid approach.

Alternatively, modifying the initial guess. Maybe the initial_h_values is not the best starting point, so creating a different initial guess could help. For example, starting with a function that has more uniform spacing of 1s and 0s.

But how to generate that? For instance, if I have n_points samples, maybe arranging them such that the function is 1 in certain intervals. For example, if the interval is divided into equal parts, and some of these parts are set to 1, others to 0, with the integral constraint satisfied.

For example, if the interval [0,2] is divided into m equal segments, each of length 2/m. If I set h(x) = 1 for p segments and 0 for the rest, then the integral would be p * (2/m) = 1. Solving for p = m/2. So if m is even, p = m/2. This would give a step function. However, if m is odd, then p would need to be adjusted. But this is a rough approach.

For instance, with n_points = 45, m = 45. So the length of each segment is 2/45. Setting 22.5 segments to 1 and 22.5 to 0 isn't possible since it's discrete. So, perhaps 23 segments set to 1 and 22 to 0. But this would make the integral 23*(2/45) = 46/45 ≈ 1.022, which is over the required 1. So adjusting accordingly.

But perhaps this approach could be a starting point. However, such a step function may not be optimal. However, it's worth considering as an initial guess.

Wait, but the initial_h_values is provided, and the code is supposed to start from that. So perhaps trying to improve upon it by using different optimization strategies.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a scheduling problem where we need to schedule tasks (the 1s in h) to minimize overlaps. But I'm not sure how to translate that.

Alternatively, since the integral is fixed, maybe the function h can be modeled as a set of "activations" that are spread out as much as possible. For example, having the 1s in h spaced as far apart as possible. However, with the integral constraint, this would require a certain number of 1s in the function.

But how to model this. For example, if we have m 1s spaced evenly, then the spacing between them would be 2/m. But this might not be the optimal arrangement.

Alternatively, perhaps using a Fourier-based approach. Since the problem involves integrals and shifts, the Fourier transform could be useful. However, I'm not sure how to apply this here.

Another approach is to use the fact that the maximum overlap can be expressed as the maximum over k of the integral, and that this is equivalent to the maximum of the convolution of h and 1 - h. But I'm not sure how to exploit this.

Let me think about the previous code's limitations. The code uses perturbations and local optimization, which might converge to a local minimum. To improve, perhaps using a different starting point, like a more diverse initial guess, and combining with different optimization methods.

For example, trying multiple starting points generated by different patterns, then running the optimization on each and selecting the best result. However, with time constraints, it's tricky.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. The SLSQP method might not be the best here. Maybe using the L-BFGS-B method, which is suitable for bound-constrained problems. Or adjusting the optimization parameters to better explore the search space.

Another idea: instead of using a single perturbation step, maybe using a more global search strategy, such as a random restart with different initial guesses.

But how to generate those guesses. For instance, generating several different initial h_vectors with different patterns (like step functions, sinusoidal functions, etc.) and then optimizing each one. However, with the time constraint, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, modifying the previous code's optimization setup. For instance, using a higher number of iterations but reducing the perturbation noise more aggressively. Or using a different merit function to guide the optimization.

Another thought: the problem is to minimize the maximum of the overlaps. So, perhaps the objective function is to minimize the maximum of several functions. However, the current code uses the maximum as the objective. Maybe using a different approach, such as minimizing the sum of the overlaps, but that's not the same as the maximum.

Alternatively, perhaps using a penalty method where the objective is the maximum overlap plus a penalty term for violating the integral constraint. But the integral constraint is already enforced via the equality constraint in the optimization.

Wait, the previous code already has the constraint that the sum of h is fixed. So, the objective is the maximum of the correlation values. So, the code is correctly set up.

Another possible improvement: using a better numerical evaluation of the correlation. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which may not be precise for certain cases. However, since it's a numerical calculation, this might not be an issue.

Another angle: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (200) with decreasing perturbation. Maybe adjusting the perturbation steps to be exponential decay or using a more adaptive schedule.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For instance, using a Bayesian optimization approach where we search the space of h_values to find the minimum C5, but this might be computationally intensive.

But given the time budget, maybe the best approach is to refine the existing code's parameters. For example, trying different optimization algorithms, adjusting the number of iterations, or changing the initial guess.

Let me think about the initial_h_values. The previous code starts from the initial guess, which might be a good starting point. But if I can generate a better initial guess, perhaps by spreading the 1s and 0s more evenly, then the optimization could find a better minimum.

Alternatively, if I can find a way to generate a better initial guess algorithmically. For example, creating a function that's 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, with the sum of the areas being 1.

But how to do this. For instance, if I choose a number of intervals, say m, and distribute the 1s in these intervals evenly. For example, if m is even, split the interval into m equal parts, and assign 1 to half of them and 0 to the others. This would give an integral of (m/2)*(2/m) = 1, satisfying the constraint.

But with m being the number of intervals, which would relate to the number of points. For example, if n_points is the number of samples, then m could be a divisor of n_points, or something else. However, this approach requires the number of points to be large enough for the intervals to align.

Alternatively, for a given n_points, I could construct a step function that is 1 in some positions and 0 in others, ensuring the integral constraint. For example, if n_points is even, set half of the samples to 1 and the rest to 0, but ensuring the sum is exactly n_points/2. But if n_points is odd, then it's not possible to split exactly, and you'd have to adjust.

But if the initial H_values is provided, perhaps modifying it by adjusting the values to create more evenly spaced 1s and 0s.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess that is a sinusoidal function. For example, h(x) = 1/2 + 0.5*sin(πx), but scaled to meet the integral constraint. However, integrating this function over [0, 2] would be 1, since the integral of sin(πx) over [0,2] is zero. So the integral of 1/2 is 1, and the integral of the sinusoidal term is zero. So this function would integrate to 1. This might be a better initial guess as it's smooth and evenly distributed, which might help in minimizing overlaps.

But how to compute this in code. For a given number of samples, the x values can be computed as 2*i/n_points for i in 0 to n_points-1. Then h(x) = 0.5 + 0.5 * sin(π x). However, this function is 1 at x=0, 0.5 at x=1, and 1 at x=2, etc. But the integral over [0,2] would be exactly 1. However, this might not be the optimal shape, but it's worth trying as an initial guess.

But the current code starts with initial_h_values. So maybe generating this sinusoidal function as an initial guess could be better than the existing one.

But the problem says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So the previous code starts from it, but perhaps the initial_h_values may not be the best starting point.

Alternatively, if I can generate multiple initial guesses, including this sinusoidal one and the existing one, then run the optimization for each and pick the best. However, with time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Another idea: since the previous code uses a fixed starting point, perhaps trying a different starting point. For example, creating a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint. For instance, generating random values for h and adjusting them to meet the sum requirement. But this might not be very efficient.

Alternatively, consider that the optimal h is a piecewise constant function with values 0 and 1. This reduces the problem to selecting a set of intervals where h(x)=1, such that the total area is 1, and the overlaps with shifted versions are minimized. This is a combinatorial optimization problem, but with a large number of possibilities.

For example, for a given number of intervals, we can try to select positions that are spread apart to minimize overlaps. But solving this combinatorially is not feasible for large n_points.

However, for smaller n_points, like the initial 45, maybe trying a greedy approach: placing the first interval of length a, then placing the next interval as far as possible from the first, and so on. But this is just heuristic and might not lead to the best result.

In conclusion, the main directions for improvement are:

1. Using a better initial guess (like a sinusoidal function or spaced step function).
2. Using a different optimization method or adjusting the parameters of the existing method.
3. Trying a different approach, like a population-based optimization or global search.

Given the time constraints, perhaps modifying the existing code to use a different optimization method, like BFGS or COBYLA, and adjusting parameters such as the perturbation steps and the maximum number of iterations.

Another thing to consider is that the current code uses a loop of 200 iterations, but maybe reducing the number of iterations but increasing the perturbation steps could help explore more of the search space. Or vice versa, increasing the number of iterations but decreasing the perturbation steps.

Alternatively, using a different solver like SLSQP with a different tolerance level or using the COBYLA method, which might handle the bounds better.

But how to implement that in code. Let me think about changing the optimization method.

In the previous code, the optimization uses SLSQP. Maybe switching to COBYLA could be better. Let me check the scipy.optimize documentation. COBYLA is suitable for bound-constrained problems, which this is (since h is between 0 and 1). So maybe using COBYLA could be more effective.

So modifying the code's optimization method to use COBYLA. Also, perhaps using a different initial guess, such as the sinusoidal function or a step function.

But how to generate the initial guess. For example, for the sinusoidal function, we can compute it as follows:

x_vals = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
h = 0.5 + 0.5 * np.sin(np.pi * x_vals)
Then, adjusting the values to ensure the sum is correct. But wait, the integral of the function is 1. However, the sum would be h.sum() * dx = 1. So for the sinusoidal function, since the integral is exactly 1, the sum * dx would be 1, so the sum would be n_points / 2. So that's exactly the required constraint. So this initial guess would satisfy the constraint.

So, creating a sinusoidal initial guess could be a better starting point than the existing initial_h_values. However, the current code uses initial_h_values, so perhaps the problem is that using a different initial guess could lead to better results.

But the problem states that the initial_h_values is available, so we can use it directly. However, if the initial_h_values isn't the best, then using a different initial guess could help.

Thus, perhaps generating a new initial guess based on a sinusoidal function and using it instead of the existing initial_h_values could lead to better results.

Another idea: combine the initial_h_values with the sinusoidal guess. For example, take an average of the two, but ensuring the sum is correct.

However, without knowing the actual content of initial_h_values, I can't be sure. But the code should use the initial_h_values if available, so perhaps modifying the code to generate a new initial guess when initial_h_values is not available. Wait, the problem says that if the initial_h_values is available (which it is), use it directly. So we can't replace it. However, if the existing initial_h_values isn't the best, the code may need to explore other starting points. But how to do that within the given code?

Maybe the previous code starts from the initial_h_values and applies perturbations. But if that's not leading to the best result, using a different initial guess could help. For example, changing the initial guess to the sinusoidal function instead of the given initial_h_values.

However, the problem says that the initial_h_values is available and should be used directly. So perhaps the code should generate a new initial guess based on the given initial_h_values, but that's not clear.

Wait, the problem says: "When initial_h_values is available, use it directly. Never redefine it or copy its entries into the response. Construct all large arrays algorithmically; do not print long numeric literals or unrolled tables."

So, the code is supposed to use initial_h_values if available. So the previous code is correct in that aspect. Therefore, the issue is that the initial guess may be suboptimal, but the code is starting from it. So perhaps generating a different initial guess (like the sinusoidal one) is not allowed, as the initial_h_values is provided. So the code has to use that.

Therefore, the improvement must be made within the existing code, by changing the optimization method, parameters, or search strategy.

In that case, maybe switching the optimization method to COBYLA or BFGS would help. Let me try to modify the code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP. Let me check the syntax for that.

The previous code uses:

result = optimize.minimize(
    fun=objective,
    x0=perturbed_guess,
    method='SLSQP',
    bounds=bounds,
    constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
    options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
)

If I change method='COBYLA', that should be okay. COBYLA is suitable for bound constraints. However, since the problem has an equality constraint, COBYLA can handle it, but might require more iterations.

Alternatively, using the L-BFGS-B method, which is for bound-constrained problems but might not handle equality constraints. So, SLSQP is more appropriate here, but perhaps tuning its parameters could improve performance.

Another idea: adjusting the objective function to better guide the optimization. For example, using a different form of the objective that might be easier to minimize. However, the objective is already the maximum of the correlations, which is the quantity we want to minimize.

Another possible improvement is to evaluate the correlation not as the maximum, but as a weighted average, and then optimize that. However, this would change the meaning of the problem, since we need to minimize the maximum, not the average.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the correlation. The current code uses np.correlate, which for a full mode returns the full convolution. However, for the problem, the shifts k that are relevant are within a certain range. For example, shifts k between 0 and 2, which for the samples would correspond to certain positions in the correlation.

But this is already handled by the mode 'full', so the code is correct.

Another thought: the problem's correlation is over the entire range of shifts. However, the maximum might be achieved at certain specific points. Perhaps the optimization can focus on minimizing the values at those specific shifts where the maximum occurs. For example, identify the k that currently has the highest overlap, then adjust h to reduce that overlap, then repeat.

This is similar to the greedy approach. However, implementing this would require a way to find the worst shift and then optimize the function to minimize that overlap. This could be done by using an approximate method to find the current maximum and then optimizing for that specific shift.

But integrating this into the existing code could be complex. Perhaps modifying the objective function to be the overlap for a specific k, and then iterating through different k's to find the minimum. However, this might not lead to the global minimum, but could help in some cases.

In the absence of a clear improvement strategy, perhaps modifying the existing code to use a more efficient optimization method, like COBYLA or BFGS, and adjusting the parameters to allow for better exploration.

So, the plan is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, possibly COBYLA, and adjust the number of iterations and perturbation steps to better explore the search space.

Another potential issue with the previous code is that it uses a fixed number of iterations (200) with decreasing noise_scale. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations could allow for more exploration, but given the time budget, this could be a problem. So, perhaps decreasing the number of iterations but increasing the perturbation steps or using a more efficient method.

Also, the current code uses a perturbation approach where each iteration perturbs the current best solution and then runs an optimization. This is similar to a basin-hopping method. Perhaps using a more systematic approach, like a population of solutions and evolving them, but again, time is limited.

In conclusion, the main changes to the previous code would be:

1. Change the optimization method to COBYLA or BFGS if they are more effective.
2. Adjust the perturbation parameters, such as using a higher noise_scale initially.
3. Possibly using a different initial guess, but given that initial_h_values is provided, this is not allowed.

Thus, modifying the code to use a different optimization method and tune its parameters.

Let me try implementing this. So, for the code:

- Change the optimization method to 'COBYLA'.
- Adjust the options, such as increasing the maxiter or changing the tolerance.
- Reduce the number of iterations in the loop, or adjust the perturbation schedule.

Another adjustment: using a different perturbation strategy, such as adding random noise to the current solution and then minimizing the objective from that point.

But I think the main change is to the optimization method. Let me rewrite the code with COBYLA.

Also, considering that the 'SLSQP' method might be more suitable for equality constraints, but COBYLA might be able to handle it. I'll need to test.

In the code, the optimization is:

result = optimize.minimize(
    fun=objective,
    x0=perturbed_guess,
    method='SLSQP',
    bounds=bounds,
    constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
    options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
)

Changing method to 'COBYLA' would be:

method='COBYLA'

But COBYLA requires that the function be bounded, which it is. However, COBYLA might not handle equality constraints as well as SLSQP. So this might not be the best change.

Alternatively, use BFGS with bounds. But BFGS is for unconstrained problems, so without the constraints, but the constraint is handled via the bounds. However, the equality constraint (sum of h) needs to be handled with a constraint.

So, perhaps in the previous code, the SLSQP method with the equality constraint is the right choice, but the parameters need to be adjusted.

Another idea: increasing the maxiter in SLSQP to allow more exploration. Or increasing the number of iterations in the outer loop.

But the current code has a loop of 200 iterations. Maybe increasing it to 300, but that could take more time. Alternatively, decreasing the number of perturbations but using larger steps.

Alternatively, instead of perturbing the entire solution, try to use a different optimization strategy. For example, using a global exploration strategy, like simulating annealing.

But time is limited. Let's think about implementing changes to the previous code to see if it can find a better solution.

Thus, the modified code would use COBYLA or BFGS, or adjust the parameters of SLSQP.

In the previous code, the 'ftol' is set to 1e-10, which is very small, possibly leading to slow convergence. Perhaps increasing it to 1e-8 or similar to allow faster convergence.

Also, the 'eps' is set to 1e-9, which could be reduced.

Another adjustment: using more iterations in the optimization step, like setting 'maxiter' to 1000.

But this depends on the computational time.

Alternatively, reducing the number of iterations in the outer loop (like from 200 to 100) but increasing the number of optimization steps.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed noise_scale that decreases over time. Perhaps changing that to a different schedule, like a constant noise_scale, or a larger initial noise.

So, modifying the code to use a larger noise_scale initially and decreasing it over time, to explore more in the early stages and fine-tune later.

In the previous code:

noise_scale = 0.05 * (1 - i / 200)

This decreases the noise scale over iterations. Maybe increasing the initial noise_scale and keeping it larger for more iterations.

For example, noise_scale = 0.1 * (0.8 + i/200) ? Or another schedule.

Alternatively, starting with a larger noise and decreasing it more slowly.

In any case, the main changes are to the optimization method and parameters.

Thus, the final code would likely involve changing the optimization method, adjusting noise scales, and possibly other parameters to improve the search efficiency.

Putting this into code:

The best approach is to adjust the optimization method and parameters. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds and constraints, but that might not handle the equality constraint. So, perhaps sticking with SLSQP but adjusting the parameters.

In the end, the code should be modified to use a different optimization method, adjust the parameters, and possibly experiment with different perturbation schedules.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    for i in range(100):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        noise_scale = 0.08 * (1 - i / 100)
        perturb = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={
                'maxiter': 300,
                'ftol': 1e-8,
                'eps': 1e-7,
                'disp': False
            }
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```