<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a multi-start optimization with L-BFGS-B and COBYLA, but maybe there's a better way. Let me think about how to approach this.

The problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated using the correlation of h and 1-h, then multiplied by dx. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. So even a small improvement is needed.

First, the previous approach used a starting point (initial_h_values) and perturbations, then optimizes. But maybe I can try different starting points or optimization strategies. The initial_h_values is given, so maybe using different starting points could help avoid local minima.

Another idea: perhaps using a more global optimization method. Simulated Annealing or genetic algorithms could explore the space better. But those might be slower. Also, the time budget is 100 seconds, so I need to balance between exploration and exploitation.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. The previous code used L-BFGS-B and COBYLA. What if I try a different method, like SLSQP or another constrained optimization method?

Also, the objective function is the maximum of the correlation. To minimize this, maybe I can use a proximal method or some kind of gradient descent with constraints.

But how do I handle the max in the objective function? Since the maximum over k of the correlation, maybe I can use a penalty method where I approximate the max with a sum of the correlations. But that might complicate things.

Alternatively, since the maximum is over k, perhaps the problem can be transformed. For each shift k, the integral is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, perhaps I can model this as a function of k, and find the maximum over k.

But during optimization, I need to minimize the maximum. So maybe I can use a constrained optimization where I minimize the maximum by adding constraints that each correlation is less than some value, and then find the minimal such value.

But that's a bilevel optimization problem, which is more complex. Maybe not feasible in the given time.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum, maybe using a branch and bound approach, but again, time is limited.

Another thought: the previous code used a multi-start approach, but maybe I can use more sophisticated perturbations. For example, not just small noise, but more structured perturbations, like swapping segments or moving certain parts of the function.

Also, the current code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. Maybe trying different starting points, such as varying the number of samples (n_points), could help. For example, perhaps using a lower number of samples (like 45) might be better than higher ones, as the problem says smaller sequences are preferred.

Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The initial_h_values has 45 samples. So maybe using 45 samples is optimal in terms of speed.

Wait, but the initial code uses len(initial_h_values) which is 45. So maybe the user is trying to refine that. But the problem allows for starting points other than initial_h_values, if no parent construction is present. But in this case, since initial_h_values is present, the code should use it.

So, perhaps the previous code uses 45 points and tries to optimize. The current best is 0.381143. The target is 0.380876. So need to get to 0.380876.

Another idea: maybe the current method converges to a local minimum, so trying a different optimization approach could help. For example, using a global optimization method like differential evolution, but that might be too slow. But with budget of 100 seconds, maybe it's possible.

Wait, the previous code uses a multi-start approach with L-BFGS-B and then COBYLA. Maybe the problem is that the initial_h_values is not the best starting point, or the perturbations are not sufficient. Perhaps trying a different starting point, like generating a different initial step function, could lead to better results.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, maybe instead of using a gradient-based method, we can use a more global method. For example, using a genetic algorithm to evolve the step function. However, genetic algorithms are computationally expensive and might not fit within the 100 seconds.

Another possibility: using a coordinate descent approach, where we iteratively adjust each point in h to decrease the maximum overlap integral. But how to implement that?

Alternatively, since the overlap integral for each shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx, perhaps we can model this as a function of k and find the maximum. But during optimization, how to handle that.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a game between h and the shift k. The goal is to choose h so that the worst-case shift k is minimized.

But perhaps I can model this as a minimax problem, which is what the original problem is. The difficulty is that the maximization over k is non-convex.

Another approach: use a more accurate numerical integration. The previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which for 45 points would generate a correlation of length 45 + 45 -1 = 89. Then multiplied by dx. Wait, but the integral is over [0, 2], so the shifts are from -1 to 1? Or the correlation is over all possible shifts.

Wait, the correlation function in the code is calculated as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'). For two arrays of length n, the full mode gives a result of length 2n-1. Each element corresponds to a shift of k. So for shifts ranging from -n+1 to n-1. But the integral for each shift k in the original problem is over the domain where x and x+k are in [0, 2]. So perhaps the way the correlation is being used is correct, but perhaps there's a way to compute the correct integrals for each k.

Alternatively, maybe the correlation is not the right way to compute the integral. Let me think.

The integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. For each shift k, the integral would be over the range where x and x +k are both in [0, 2]. So for each k in the range [-2, 2], but depending on k, the limits change.

But the code uses the full correlation, which would include shifts from -n+1 to n-1. However, since the original domain is [0, 2], and the samples are spaced by dx, perhaps the code is approximating the integral correctly by multiplying by dx.

But perhaps there's a better way to compute the integral for each k. However, given time constraints, maybe using the correlation is acceptable.

So, perhaps the problem is that the previous method is getting stuck in a local minimum. So, perhaps trying a different optimization method, or a different initial point, or using more diverse perturbations.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization library. For example, using scipy.optimize with different solvers or using CVXOPT for quadratic programming. But how?

Wait, the problem constraints are that the integral of h is 1, and h is between 0 and 1. The objective is to minimize the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx.

The integral for each k can be written as the sum over x of h(x) (1 - h(x +k)) * dx. Assuming that the function h is sampled at intervals dx, so the sum approximates the integral.

But maybe we can formulate this as a quadratic programming problem. For example, the maximum over k of some function can be approximated by using a convex relaxation. But since the max is nonlinear, this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, since the max is over k, perhaps the problem can be transformed into a constraint that all the integrals are less than a certain value C, and then minimize C. This is a bilevel optimization problem. However, solving such problems is computationally intensive.

But given the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to use a more efficient optimization method, perhaps with better hyperparameters.

Looking at the previous code, the multi-start approach runs 3 times with perturbations, then does a local refinement with COBYLA. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or adjusting the perturbation method could help.

Another idea: the previous code uses L-BFGS-B with a maxiter of 50 and COBYLA with maxiter 100. Maybe increasing the maxiter for L-BFGS-B or using different methods.

Alternatively, using a different solver, like SLSQP. Or using a different starting point. For example, the initial_h_values may be a local minimum, so perhaps using a different initial guess.

But the problem says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So perhaps the previous code is using that. But maybe there's a way to generate a different starting point.

Alternatively, generating a starting point with different patterns. For example, using a more uniform distribution, or based on some known patterns for minimizing overlaps.

Another thought: the original problem is similar to the Erdős distinct distances problem, but in terms of overlaps. Maybe there are known patterns or structures that could be used as a starting point.

But without prior knowledge, perhaps the best approach is to use a different optimization method. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate solutions, evolving them over generations. But given the time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, use a global optimization method to find a good starting point, then use a local optimization method to refine it.

But again, time is limited. So perhaps the previous approach can be improved by tweaking parameters, using better perturbations, or different optimization methods.

Another possibility: instead of perturbing the initial_h_values with Laplace noise, perhaps using more structured perturbations, like flipping certain segments or adjusting specific parts of the function.

For example, if the initial_h_values is a step function with certain regions high and low, perhaps adjusting certain regions to reduce the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, using a bilevel approach where we optimize the parameters of h to minimize the maximum integral. However, this is computationally heavy.

Alternatively, since the previous code uses L-BFGS-B which is a gradient-based method, perhaps it's not finding the optimal solution due to the problem's non-convexity. Maybe using a different method like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm could be effective.

But how to integrate these ideas into the code.

Wait, the problem allows using scipy.optimize with different methods. Let's see. The previous code uses L-BFGS-B and COBYLA. What about using SLSQP? Or other methods.

Another idea: since the objective function is the maximum of several values (one for each k), perhaps we can use a penalty method where we add a penalty for each of these values, but this would require modifying the objective function to be a sum of penalties. However, since we're trying to minimize the maximum, the penalty would be the maximum.

But that might not be easily handled. Alternatively, since we are using a non-linear solver, perhaps the maximum can be approximated with a function that's differentiable, but that's not straightforward.

Alternatively, using a more accurate way to compute the max. For example, during the optimization, for each candidate h, compute all the correlations and take the maximum. So the objective function is correctly modeled.

So, the current code's approach is correct. But perhaps the optimization method isn't sufficient.

Maybe the previous code's perturbations are too small. For example, using a larger noise amplitude in the perturbations to encourage diversity in the initial points.

Alternatively, instead of using Laplace noise, use a uniform distribution to perturb the initial points. Or use a more intelligent perturbation strategy, like flipping certain segments.

Another idea: using a different starting point. For example, if the initial_h_values is a step function, perhaps generating a different starting point with more uniform distribution. For example, using a step function that's more evenly spaced.

But how to generate that algorithmically. For example, using a regular pattern that covers the interval [0,2] with equal areas. For instance, if we divide [0,2] into intervals and assign h(x) as 1 in some intervals and 0 in others such that the integral is 1.

For example, suppose we have n_points samples. The area under h is 1. So, if we spread the 1's evenly, perhaps we can create a better starting point.

But how to implement that. For example, using certain segments where h(x) is 1, others 0, but ensuring the area is 1.

Alternatively, using a step function with certain widths. For example, if the step function has a rectangle of width w and height 1, then the area is w*1 = w. For the total area to be 1, w = 1. But since the domain is 2, maybe having two such rectangles. Or other configurations.

But for a step function with n_points samples, this would require choosing the positions and widths of the rectangles. This could be a way to generate a different starting point. For example, using a more uniform distribution of the 1's.

But how to generate this algorithmically. For example, suppose n_points is 45, and we want the area to be 1. So, if the function is 1 for a certain number of points, and 0 otherwise. The total number of points where h is 1 should be about n_points * (1/2) since sum(h) * dx = 1 → sum(h) = n_points / 2. For 45 points, sum(h) = 45/2 = 22.5, so around 22 or 23 points set to 1.0.

But if we spread them evenly across the interval, perhaps that could lead to better overlaps.

For example, perhaps the initial_h_values is a step function with high values in certain regions. If we create a new starting point by spacing the 1's evenly, maybe the overlap is lower.

So, maybe the code should generate a better starting point with a uniform distribution of the 1's. Let me think. For example, with n_points=45, split into 45 samples. The total number of 1's would be 22 or 23. To spread them evenly, perhaps place them at regular intervals. For example, every other point is 1, but that would give 22 points. However, the exact positions would depend on the spacing.

Alternatively, placing the 1's at positions such that each is spaced by dx, which is 2/45. So if we have m 1's, they would be spaced at positions i * dx for i from 0 to m-1. But the integral would be m * dx * 1 = m * (2/45) = m * 2/45. We need m*2/45 = 1 → m = 45/2 = 22.5. So since m must be integer, either 22 or 23. So for example, m=23, which would give area 23*2/45 ≈ 1.0222, which is slightly over. To make adjusted, we can have some of the 1's as 1 and others as slightly less. But since we can't have fractions in discrete steps, maybe use a regular pattern with some adjustments.

But for the purpose of generating an initial starting point, maybe just create a step function with 22.5 1's, but since that's not possible, use 23 and adjust some points to 0. But this is getting complex. Alternatively, generate a uniform starting point where every other point is 1, or spread them in a certain pattern.

But how to code this. For example, for n_points =45, if we arrange the h to be 1 in the first half and 0 in the second half, but that may not be optimal. Alternatively, creating a more balanced pattern.

Alternatively, use a sawtooth pattern, where h(x) increases linearly from 0 to 1 over the interval and then decreases, but again, this would require a function that's not a step function. But the problem states that h is a step function, so it's piecewise constant.

Hmm. Perhaps creating a step function with multiple segments, each of length dx, some set to 1 and others 0, arranged in a way that their positions are spread out.

For example, if n_points is 45, then dx=2/45 ≈ 0.0444. If we have m=23 points set to 1, then their positions could be at intervals of dx, but spread out as much as possible.

But how to code this. Maybe by placing the 1's at positions i*dx where i is selected in a way that they are spread out. For example, using a regular spacing, like every third point, but adjusting to reach the required number.

Alternatively, for a uniform distribution of the 1's, we can place them at positions that are the same distances apart. For example, suppose m=22 points set to 1.0 and 1 point set to 0.0, but that might not be helpful.

Alternatively, arrange them so that each is spaced by approximately dx. But this is getting complicated.

Maybe the best way is to generate a different initial_h_values, which could be a uniform distribution of 1's and 0's. For example, for n_points=45, set h[i] = 1 if i < 22.5, else 0. But since 22.5 is not an integer, this would result in 22 or 23 ones. For example, for i in 0 to 44 (45 points), set h[i] = 1 if i < 22, else 0. Then the sum would be 22 * 1 = 22, and the area would be 22 * (2/45) ≈ 0.9778, which is less than 1. To adjust, we need to add 0.0222, which could be achieved by setting one more point to 1. So h[22] = 1, making the sum 23, area 23*(2/45) ≈ 1.0222. So that's the sum. This would be a step function where the first 23 points are 1, then the rest are 0. But this may not be the best starting point, but it's a way to generate a different initial point.

Alternatively, spread the 1's. For example, if the first half of the points are 1, and the second half are 0, but this would create a large step change and might lead to high overlaps.

But for the purpose of finding a better starting point, perhaps generating such a pattern could help. Alternatively, creating a step function with multiple segments, like alternating between 1 and 0.

But since the code is supposed to use the initial_h_values if available, and the current code uses it, maybe generating a different starting point would require modifying the initial_h_values, which isn't possible since it's a pre-imported variable.

Wait, the problem says: "You are encouraged to explore solutions that use other starting points to prevent getting stuck in a local optimum." So perhaps generating a different starting point is allowed, even if the initial_h_values is provided.

But the code must reference initial_h_values directly. So if the code is to use a different starting point, it must create a new starting point algorithmically.

So, perhaps the code should start by generating a better initial_h_values, not relying on the provided one. But the problem says that when initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So for the code, if initial_h_values exists, it should use it. If not, create one.

But in the given problem, initial_h_values is available, so the code should use it. So the previous code uses the initial_h_values as the starting point. But maybe the optimal solution requires a different starting point. How?

Perhaps the current initial_h_values is a poor starting point, and generating a new one could help. But how to do that without using the initial_h_values.

Alternatively, the code can generate multiple different starting points and try optimizing each, selecting the best. But with the time budget, perhaps it's better to try a few different starting points.

But how to generate them algorithmically.

For example, creating a starting point where the h is 1 in the first half and 0 in the second. Or creating a starting point with alternating 1 and 0 values.

But for n_points=45, which is odd, alternating would give 23 ones and 22 zeros. The sum would be 23, area 23*2/45 ≈ 1.0222, which is acceptable. But this could be a different starting point.

So, in the code, perhaps instead of using initial_h_values, generate this starting point. But since the problem says that if initial_h_values is present, use it, so this might not be allowed. Or maybe the user is supposed to use it.

So, perhaps the previous code is stuck in a local minimum, and generating a different starting point (like the alternating pattern) could lead to better results.

Thus, the code could have an initial starting point. For example, generate a starting point where h alternates between 1 and 0 as much as possible, ensuring the area is 1.

But how to code this. For example, for n_points=45, create an array where h[i] is 1 if i is even, else 0. But this would give 23 ones (since 45 is odd), leading to sum=23, area=23*(2/45) ≈ 1.0222, which is just over 1. To correct, maybe set the last element to 0.5 instead of 1, but it's more complex.

Alternatively, for the starting point, create an array with h[i] = 1 if i < len(initial_h_values)/2, else 0. But again, this is just an example.

But given that the problem requires using the initial_h_values, and not to redefine it, I can't generate a new starting point.

Wait, the problem says: "When initial_h_values is available, use it directly. Never redefine it or copy its entries into the response. Construct all large arrays algorithmically; do not print long numeric literals or unrolled tables."

So the code must use the provided initial_h_values directly. Hence, the previous approach is to use that initial point.

So, the challenge is to improve upon this initial point. The previous code uses L-BFGS-B with perturbations and COBYLA. Perhaps the issue is that the perturbations are not sufficient, and the code is not exploring enough of the space.

Alternative idea: instead of using a multi-start approach, use a more global method. For example, using a different optimization method that can find a better local minimum.

Another idea: use a different solver for the optimization. For example, using the SLSQP method in scipy.optimize. SLSQP can handle the constraints and possibly find better minima.

Let me think about how to modify the code. For example, changing the optimization method. Let's see.

The current code uses:

- L-BFGS-B for the perturbed initial points
- COBYLA for the final refinement

Maybe instead, try using SLSQP for both steps.

Or, use a different method for the local refinement.

Another possible issue: the objective function is the max of the correlation values. Since the max is non-smooth, the gradient-based methods might have trouble. For example, L-BFGS-B computes gradients, but the max function is not differentiable. However, in practice, the gradients might be approximated.

But perhaps during optimization, the code is getting stuck, leading to suboptimal results. To address this, maybe using a different way to calculate the objective function, or adjusting the order of operations.

Another possibility: the code's stopping criteria are too lenient. For example, the options for the optimization methods are set with ftol=1e-9 and maxiter=50 for L-BFGS-B. Perhaps increasing the maxiter could help converge better.

Alternatively, adjusting the perturbation amplitude. The current code uses Laplace noise with scale 0.05. Maybe trying different perturbation strategies, like uniform noise, or larger perturbations.

Another idea: instead of random perturbations, try structured perturbations, such as swapping certain segments of the function.

Alternatively, using a more robust optimization library. The code can use CVXOPT, which is mentioned in the allowed libraries. But I'm not sure how to use it for this problem.

Alternatively, using an evolutionary algorithm with a population of candidate solutions and evolving them over generations. However, this might be time-consuming, but perhaps manageable within the 100 seconds budget.

Let me think about the steps to take:

1. Use the initial_h_values provided.

2. Try different optimization methods: SLSQP, COBYLA, etc.

3. Increase the number of perturbations or adjust the perturbation method.

4. Use a different starting point (but can't because of the problem's rules).

5. Maybe use a different way to compute the objective function.

Let's consider modifying the previous code to use SLSQP instead of L-BFGS-B. For example, in the first step, using SLSQP with more iterations.

Alternatively, combine multiple methods.

Another possibility: since the problem is to minimize the maximum over k of the correlations, perhaps the code can use a non-smooth optimization approach, like subgradient methods. But scipy's solvers may not handle this well.

Alternatively, perhaps the code can use the fact that the maximum is over k, and for each k, compute the integral and then take the maximum. But during optimization, this is handled by np.correlate and the objective function.

So, perhaps the problem is with the perturbations. Let me think about the perturbations in the previous code. The noise is added as np.random.laplace(0, 0.05, n_points). This creates a small random perturbation around the initial point. Maybe using a larger noise or different distribution could help explore more diverse solutions.

Alternatively, using a uniform distribution over [0.0, 1.0], but scaled to avoid overshooting.

Another idea: instead of adding noise to the initial point, use a mutation step that flips certain segments of the function. For example, selecting random segments and flipping their values between 0 and 1.

But this would require a more complex mutation strategy, which might be difficult to implement within the code.

Alternatively, using a combination of different mutation strategies.

But for simplicity, perhaps adjusting the perturbation parameters.

So, modifying the previous code to increase the noise amplitude. For example, using a larger scale, say 0.1 instead of 0.05, to encourage more significant changes in the initial perturbations.

This might help escape local minima.

Another possible change is to increase the number of multi-start iterations. The previous code does 3 iterations of perturbations. Maybe increasing this to 5 or 10, but ensuring it fits within the time budget.

But also, the local refinement step with COBYLA may take too long. Perhaps decreasing the number of iterations for COBYLA or using a different method.

Another idea: use a different constraint handling method. The current code uses an equality constraint for the sum. Maybe adding inequality constraints or other types could help.

Alternatively, using a different optimization library. For example, using the IPOPT solver.However, the available solvers include scipy's, and the code can't use other libraries.

Alternatively, try using a different method for the local refinement. For example, using L-BFGS-B again instead of COBYLA.

So, to implement these ideas, let's adjust the code.

In the previous code, the perturbations are added with noise of 0.05 scale. Let's try increasing this to 0.1. Additionally, increase the number of multi-start iterations from 3 to 5 to explore more diverse solutions.

Also, for the local refinement step, use L-BFGS-B instead of COBYLA, which may converge faster.

Let me adjust the code:

Change the noise scale to 0.1.

Increase the number of multi-start iterations.

Use L-BFGS-B for refinement as well.

Also, adjust the maxiter settings.

Another possible change is to use the initial_h_values directly as the starting point, and not do multiple multi-starts. But this might not help.

Alternatively, the previous code's multi-start approach may not be sufficient. So, by increasing the number of perturbations and adjusting the noise, we might find better solutions.

Let me try rewriting the code with these changes.

Also, the COBYLA method may have issues with the constraints. Maybe using SLSQP would be better.

Another possible improvement: using the 'SLSQP' method in scipy.optimize, which can handle both equality and inequality constraints. Let me check: the current code uses an equality constraint for the sum. So using SLSQP might handle this better.

So, modifying the optimization steps to use SLSQP.

Let me outline the changes:

- In the multi-start steps, use SLSQP.

- Use larger noise for perturbations.

- Increase the number of multi-start iterations.

- Adjust the maxiter and ftol parameters.

Let me write the code accordingly.

Another thing: the current code uses the full correlate, which may include shifts that are not within the domain [0,2]. For example, if k is larger than 2, the integral may not be computed correctly. But since the code uses np.correlate, it's possible that the assumed integration is correct. But perhaps this is an error, but without further knowledge, it's hard to adjust.

So, the final code would include the following changes:

1. Adjust the noise scale in the perturbations.

2. Increase the number of multi-starts.

3. Use SLSQP for optimization.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the following code would be a better version.

Now, considering all this, I'll write the code with these adjustments.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    start_time = time.time()
    
    best_h = initial_h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    # Multi-start optimization with structured perturbations
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Random perturbation with larger amplitude
        noise = np.random.uniform(-0.1, 0.1, n_points)
        perturbed = np.clip(initial_h + noise, 0, 1)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
        )
        if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(result.x)
            best_h = result.x
    
    # Local refinement with L-BFGS-B
    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=best_h,
        method='L-BFGS-B',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
    )
    if result.success:
        best_c5 = objective(result.x)
        best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```