<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for C₅, which is the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant. The current best is around 0.38085, and my goal is to get lower than that, maybe even reach 0.380876 or better. The previous code tried using a gradient descent approach with SLSQP optimization, starting from a given initial guess and perturbing it with noise. But that might not be sufficient, so I should think of alternative methods.

First, I should understand what the problem is about. The function h: [0, 2] → [0,1] has to satisfy the integral condition ∫h(x)dx = 1, and we need to minimize the maximum overlap integral when we shift h by k. The overlap integral for each k is the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The max over k of these integrals is C₅, which we need to minimize.

The previous approach used a local optimization with perturbations. Maybe better results can be obtained by exploring different optimization strategies. For example, maybe using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing, or perhaps modifying the objective function to better balance the different k values.

Another idea is to consider the structure of h. Since the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], the average value is 0.5. But the optimal h might have regions where it's 0 or 1, which would help minimize overlaps. However, the previous initial guess is probably a good starting point, so maybe I should try to improve upon that.

Wait, the previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. SLSQP is a local optimizer, so it might get stuck in local minima. Maybe using a global optimization method would help. But global optimization is computationally expensive. Since the time budget is limited to 100 seconds, maybe I need a more efficient approach.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different parametrization for h. Instead of a step function with n_points samples, maybe a piecewise constant function with more structure. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments and setting h to certain values in each segment. However, the problem requires using a step function represented as a list of samples, so perhaps not directly applicable.

Another approach is to consider that the overlap integral for each shift k depends on the convolution of h with (1-h). The maximum of these convolutions is what we need to minimize. So, perhaps the problem can be transformed into a convolution problem, and we need to minimize the maximum of these convolutions.

But how to model this? The problem is to find h that minimizes the maximum of the convolution with (1-h) over all shifts k. Maybe this is similar to a Chebyshev approximation problem, where we want to minimize the maximum deviation from zero over certain shifts.

Alternatively, maybe using a more structured h. For example, if we can find a h that's symmetric or has some periodicity, that might help in balancing the overlaps. But the problem is that the optimal h might not be symmetric, but perhaps having some symmetry could be beneficial.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a game: for each shift k, we want to minimize the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)). The worst case is the maximum over k. So, maybe designing h to alternate between 0 and 1 in such a way that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized. But since the integral of h is 1, we can't have h being entirely 0 or 1.

Wait, the previous code used the initial guess, which is probably a good starting point. Maybe I can try to use a different initial guess. For example, generating a more scattered or spaced out initial configuration. However, the initial_h_values is provided, and we have to use it directly. So maybe the initial guess is already considered.

Another idea is to use a different optimization method. For example, instead of SLSQP, using a global optimization method like differential evolution. But differential evolution might be slower, but with a small n_points (like the initial 45 samples), it might be feasible. However, with 45 variables, the problem is high-dimensional, so differential evolution might take too long. Alternatively, using a combination of local and global methods.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization approach by considering the problem as a constrained optimization where we can use a better solver, like IPOPT or another solver that's faster. But the user has access to scipy.optimize and other solvers. Let me check the available solvers. The allowed solvers are scipy's optimize, and also options like CVXOPT, Gurobi, etc., but the code needs to use them if possible.

Wait, in the previous code, the user is using scipy.optimize's minimize with SLSQP. But maybe using another method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, or a genetic algorithm. However, genetic algorithms might not be efficient enough for 45 variables. Or perhaps using a Bayesian optimization approach, but that's more complicated.

Another thought: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions, maybe we can use a bilevel optimization approach, where we minimize the maximum by iteratively updating h to reduce the largest overlap. But this is again a local optimization problem.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be formulated as a convex optimization problem, but I'm not sure. Let's think: the objective is to minimize the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. Since the integral is linear in h, but the maximum over k is non-linear. So this is a semi-infinite programming problem, which is generally hard. But maybe we can approximate it by considering a finite set of shifts k.

Wait, in the original problem, k is any real number, but in the discretized version, we're using the np.correlate function with mode 'full' which gives the convolution over all possible shifts. However, the actual integral over all k is not possible, so we approximate by sample points. But the code uses the maximum of the convolution results. So the problem is to find h that minimizes the maximum over the sampled shifts of the overlap integral.

Therefore, the problem is a constrained optimization problem where we have to minimize the maximum overlap over these k values. One approach is to use a method that can handle such a max constraint. For example, we can model this as a minimax problem.

But how to implement this in practice? Maybe using a Lagrange multiplier approach for the constraints. However, since the maximum is involved, it's challenging. Another idea is to use a penalty method where we add a penalty term to the objective that increases when the maximum overlap is large.

But the previous code already uses the maximum of the overlap integrals as the objective. So maybe the previous approach is reasonable. However, the SLSQP method might not be sufficient. Perhaps using a more advanced optimizer, or adjusting the hyperparameters.

Alternatively, the previous code uses a loop with perturbations, which might be helpful in escaping local minima. However, the number of iterations is fixed at 200, which might not be enough. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the number of perturbations.

Another idea: the initial guess is 45 points. But perhaps using a larger n_points could lead to a better result. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, since they are faster to optimize. So maybe keeping n_points at 45 is better. But the problem allows any n_points as long as it's under 1k and the code is within the time budget.

Wait, the user says that the previous code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 45. So maybe trying a different n_points could yield better results. For example, using 60 or 90 points. But even with 90 points, the optimization might take longer. However, the time budget is 100s, which might be manageable.

But the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe using the same n_points as the initial guess is better.

Another thought: the initial_h_values might be a good starting point. But perhaps we can generate a better initial guess. However, the user has to use the provided initial_h_values directly. So perhaps the initial guess is already good, and the code should focus on improving from there.

Let me think about the previous code. It does the following:

- Starts with the initial guess, which is already a good approximation.
- Then, in a loop for 200 iterations, it adds random noise to the current best h, clips it, and runs SLSQP optimization.
- The best h is updated if the result is better.
- The maximum overlap is computed for the perturbed guess and then optimized.

This approach might get stuck in local minima. So perhaps a different approach is needed. For example, using a different initialization method, or modifying the objective to better balance the overlaps.

Alternatively, modifying the objective to penalize larger overlaps. However, the current code already uses the maximum of the overlaps as the objective, so that's already optimal.

Wait, the problem is to find the minimum possible max_k, so the objective function is to minimize the maximum of the corr values. So the current code's objective is correct.

Another idea: Since the max over k is expensive to compute for each perturbation, perhaps we can find a way to approximate it or reduce the number of evaluations. But given the constraints, the code must compute the maximum.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method, like using a trust region method or other advanced methods. However, scipy's SLSQP might not be the best here.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is a constrained optimization, perhaps using a penalty method where we add a penalty for violating the constraint. However, the previous code uses an equality constraint for the sum of h being fixed.

Another thought: the current code uses the same initial guess for all perturbations. Maybe using a more diverse set of initial points could help. But how to do that without the initial_h_values?

Alternatively, perhaps using a different solver. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method instead of SLSQP. But I need to check if that would be more effective.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method but with different options, such as increasing the maximum number of iterations, or adjusting the tolerance.

Another idea: perhaps the previous code is too slow. Let me check. For each perturbation, it runs an SLSQP optimization. The number of iterations is 200. Each iteration may take some time. Maybe reducing the number of iterations but increasing the number of perturbations could be better. However, the code already has 200 iterations, which might be too much.

Alternatively, using a different approach for the optimization. For instance, using a global optimization method but with a limited number of function evaluations. For example, using the 'differential_evolution' method from scipy.optimize. However, the constraints may make this difficult. Also, the differential evolution method may not handle inequality constraints well, but here we have an equality constraint (sum h = target_sum). 

Wait, the differential evolution can handle equality constraints by incorporating them into the objective function as a penalty, but that may not be efficient. However, perhaps it's worth trying. Let me think: if the initial guess is already close to the optimal, maybe a local optimization approach is better. But if the initial guess is not good, a global method would be better. However, the initial guess is provided, so maybe that's sufficient.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that tries to avoid overlapping with itself when shifted. This is similar to a code design problem. For example, in information theory, codes have certain distances. Maybe the optimal h is similar to a binary code with certain properties, but here it's a real-valued function.

Alternatively, think of the problem in terms of Fourier transforms. Because the overlap integral is a convolution, which in the frequency domain is a product. So the Fourier transform of the overlap integral would be the product of the Fourier transforms of h and (1 - h). However, the maximum over different shifts would correspond to the maximum over certain frequencies. But I'm not sure how to use this directly.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be approximated by considering h as a function with low Fourier coefficients, which would help minimize the maximum overlap. But again, not sure how to apply this here.

Back to the code: the current approach seems to be a local search with perturbations. Perhaps the main issue is that it's getting stuck in local minima. To improve, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method, which is a derivative-free optimization method. But again, it's not sure.

Alternatively, trying to use a different initial guess. Since the initial_h_values is provided, but maybe a better initial guess can be generated. However, the code must use the initial_h_values directly. So perhaps that's not an option here.

Another idea: the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap. So, if we can find a way to balance the overlaps for different k, that would be ideal. Maybe the previous approach is not adequately balancing the over laps. For example, the code might optimize for one k and then others are worse. 

Perhaps the way to improve is to use a more global approach. For instance, using a sequential quadratic programming method with a better objective that accounts for all k. However, SLSQP is already a SQP method.

Alternatively, using a different penalty for the objective. Instead of just minimizing the maximum overlap, we can try to minimize the sum of overlaps, but that might not lead to the desired result. However, in the previous code, the objective is the maximum, so that's what's being minimized.

Another idea: for each step in the optimization, after getting a new h, we can calculate the overlaps for all shifts and see which ones are the maximum. Maybe we can target reducing the largest ones first. However, the current code already does that by taking the maximum.

Alternatively, maybe increasing the number of samples for the convolution to better approximate the integral. Wait, the current approach uses the full convolution of the samples, which for a step function with n_points samples would correspond to certain shifts. However, the actual integral over all k would be a more accurate calculation. But in practice, the code uses the sampled shifts.

So perhaps there's a way to approximate the maximum of the integrals more accurately by using more sample shifts. However, the code uses the np.correlate function with mode 'full', which gives all the possible shifts for the given samples. The number of shifts would be (n_points + n_points -1) = 2n_points -1. But the integral is over all real numbers, but the samples approximate this. However, the current code uses the maximum among these discrete shifts. But maybe there's a way to adjust the sampling of shifts to get a better estimate. However, this is complicated.

Alternatively, the current code uses the same number of shifts as the samples, which might not be sufficient. For example, for 45 samples, the mode 'full' would give 89 shifts. However, the maximum overlap might be occurring at a shift that's not aligned with the discrete shifts. But this is a problem with the discretization, not the code's approach.

So, perhaps the initial approach is the best possible given the constraints, but with some adjustments. For example, adjusting the perturbation strategy. In the previous code, the noise_scale decreases as iterations go on, which might be good. But maybe using a different perturbation method could help. For example, instead of adding uniform noise, maybe using a Gaussian noise with decreasing variance.

Another idea: using a more aggressive perturbation initially to explore the solution space, and then reducing the perturbation. The current code uses noise_scale = 0.05 * (1 - i / 200), which decreases as i increases. Maybe starting with a larger noise_scale and then reducing it would allow for more exploration in the early stages. However, the current code already does that.

Another thing to consider is the number of iterations. The code runs for 200 iterations, but maybe trying more iterations could lead to better results. However, the time budget is 100 seconds. So, for each iteration, the code runs an optimization with SLSQP. If each iteration takes 0.5 seconds, 200 iterations would take 100 seconds. If each iteration takes more, then 200 might be too many. However, in practice, the SLSQP optimization might not take that long. 

Alternatively, limiting the number of iterations in the SLSQP optimization. For example, instead of 500 maxiter, maybe 100. But this would reduce the quality of the optimization.

Another possible improvement is to use a different method for the internal optimization. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds, which is more efficient for certain problems. However, this method might not handle the equality constraint as well as SLSQP. Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with a better tolerance.

Another idea is to use a more aggressive initial perturbation. For example, in the current code, the noise is added to the best_h, but if the perturbation is too small, the optimizer might not find better solutions. Conversely, if the perturbation is too large, it might lead to infeasible solutions. However, the clipping ensures they are within [0,1].

Another approach is to use a random restart strategy. Instead of perturbing the best solution, we could generate multiple random initial points and optimize each. However, with the time budget, this might be too slow. Alternatively, combining the current strategy with some random restarts.

Alternatively, the code could be modified to use a Bayesian optimization approach, where the next perturbation is chosen based on previous evaluations. But implementing this would be complex and might not fit within the time budget.

Another thought: the current code uses the same n_points (45). What if trying a different n_points that's larger? For example, using 60 points. However, the problem mentions that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe not. But the user's note says that smaller is better, so 45 is acceptable.

Alternatively, perhaps trying to use a different initial guess, but since the initial_h_values is provided, the code has to use that.

Putting this all together, what changes can I make to the previous code? Maybe:

1. Use a different optimization method, such as Nelder-Mead or L-BFGS-B.
2. Increase the number of iterations or the number of perturbations.
3. Adjust the noise_scale to have a different pattern.
4. Use a different constraint handling, such as adding a penalty in the objective function instead of an equality constraint.
5. Use a different initial guess, but this is not possible since the initial_h_values is provided.

Wait, perhaps using a different optimization method could help. For example, the 'L-BFGS-B' method allows for bounds and uses a different approach. Let me try modifying the code to use this method. Also, since the constraint is an equality, we can include it as a constraint.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with a higher maxiter. Or using a different tolerance. However, changing these might not help much.

Another idea: the previous code uses the same initial guess and perturbs it each time. What if instead, we use a different approach, such as a gradient-based optimization with a different starting point. However, without a better starting point, this might not help.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient way to evaluate the objective. For example, precomputing all the shifts and reusing them. But the code already does that.

Alternatively, the current code computes the maximum of the cross-correlation, which is the same as the maximum overlap integral. So that's correct.

An alternative optimization approach is to use a genetic algorithm, where each candidate solution is a vector of h values, and the fitness is the max overlap. The genetic algorithm would evolve the population over generations, trying to minimize the max overlap. However, genetic algorithms are often slower and may not be efficient for 45 variables. However, with a time budget of 100 seconds, maybe it's possible with a small population and a few generations.

But the code has to be written in Python using the allowed libraries. The scipy.optimize has a differential_evolution method which is a global optimization algorithm. Let's consider using that.

Here's an outline of how to modify the code:

- Use differential evolution to optimize the h_values, subject to the constraint that the sum is fixed.
- The objective function is the max of the overlaps.
- However, differential evolution requires a lower and upper bound for each variable, which is [0,1], and the constraint is an equality.

But how to include the constraint with differential evolution. The differential evolution method can handle constraints by adding a penalty term to the objective function. However, this might not be as efficient as using SLSQP.

Alternatively, reparameterize the problem. Since the sum of h_values must be fixed, we can use a Lagrange multiplier approach. But this is complex.

Alternatively, use the 'differential_evolution' method with a penalty for the constraint. The objective function could be the maximum overlap plus a large penalty term if the sum is not equal to the target. This is a bit hacky, but might work.

Let me outline this approach. Let's define the objective function as:

def objective(h_values):
    h = np.array(h_values)
    corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    current_c5 = np.max(corr) * dx
    constraint_violation = abs(np.sum(h) - target_sum)
    return current_c5 + penalty * constraint_violation

Where penalty is a large number, so that the constraint is enforced. However, this is a way to handle the equality constraint as a penalty. But the problem is that the penalty may dominate the objective function unless the constraint is satisfied. However, with a sufficiently large penalty, the optimizer will try to satisfy the constraint.

So, modifying the previous code to use differential evolution with this objective function. However, this approach may not be as efficient as the previous one, and may take longer to converge.

But with the time budget, this might be worth trying. Let me think of how to implement this. Also, the differential evolution method requires the objective function to be a scalar, which it is.

However, the previous code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point, and the differential evolution method starts from a random initial population. So maybe it's better to use the initial_h_values as a starting guess. But the differential evolution method doesn't take an initial guess, but if we generate a population that includes the initial guess, it might help.

Alternatively, using the initial guess as part of the initial population.

However, in this case, the code may take longer to run. But given the time budget, maybe it's manageable.

Another idea: using the 'differential_evolution' method with the following parameters: bounds as (0, 1) for each h, and objective function that penalizes the sum constraint. The penalty coefficient needs to be large enough to enforce the constraint.

In the previous code, the constraint is handled with an equality constraint in SLSQP, which is more accurate but may take longer. But the differential evolution may be slower for a higher-dimensional problem.

But given the time budget, perhaps using differential evolution would be better. Let's proceed with this idea.

So the code would look like:

import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import differential_evolution

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Same as previous code for initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    # Define objective function with penalty
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        c5 = np.max(corr) * dx
        # Penalize constraint violation
        penalty = 1e6 * abs(np.sum(h) - target_sum)
        return c5 + penalty

    # Bounds for each variable
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    # Use differential evolution
    result = differential_evolution(
        fun=objective,
        bounds=bounds,
        strategy='best1bin',
        maxiter=100,
        popsize=15,
        tol=1e-6,
        mutation=(0.5, 1),
        recombination=0.8,
        seed=seed
    )

    best_h = result.x
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

But there are several issues with this approach. First, the differential evolution method may not converge quickly enough, and the penalty coefficient (1e6) might be too large, leading to the optimizer focusing more on the constraint than the objective. Additionally, the objective function is now the sum of the max c5 and penalty, which could be problematic if the penalty is too large.

Moreover, the code uses a fixed number of iterations (100) and parameters for differential evolution. However, adjusting these parameters could help. For example, increasing the maxiter to 200 or more, but that might exceed the time budget.

Another problem is that the initial_guess is not used as a starting point. Differential evolution's population is random, so it might not find the best solution. However, the initial_guess could be added to the initial population. But the differential evolution method doesn't allow for that directly.

Alternatively, use a combination of both methods: use the previous perturbation approach with SLSQP but with a different optimization strategy and hyperparameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations or using a different method.

But given the time constraints, maybe the previous code can be improved by changing the method. For example, using SLSQP with a different optimization and more iterations.

Another idea: instead of adding noise to the best_h, try using a different perturbation strategy, like using a random subset of points and varying them. Or using a different type of noise, such as multiplicative noise.

Alternatively, in the previous code, the perturbations are added to the best_h, but perhaps it would be better to use different initial points each time. However, this is what differential evolution does.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the starting point for the SLSQP optimization, and then using the perturbations to explore nearby regions. However, the previous code already does this.

So, given the time and the need to improve, perhaps modifying the previous code to use a different optimization method, like SLSQP with more iterations and different hyperparameters. Or using the differential evolution with the initial guess.

Alternatively, here's another idea: perform the optimization using a combination of simulated annealing and local searches. But this is complex to implement within the time constraints.

Given all this, perhaps the most feasible improvement is to use the differential evolution method, with the penalty method to handle the constraint. However, I need to test this.

But given that the previous code has a better initial guess and uses SLSQP, perhaps using the SLSQP approach with more iterations and better hyperparameters would be better. For example, increasing the maximum number of iterations for SLSQP, and using a different stopping criterion.

Alternatively, the previous code uses 200 iterations of perturbation, and for each, runs an optimization with 500 iterations. But perhaps reducing the number of SLSQP iterations to 100 would speed things up and fit within the budget.

Another idea: in the previous code, the perturbations are added with a noise_scale that decreases over time. Perhaps changing the noise_scale to a larger value initially, then decreasing. For example, noise_scale = initial noise, then decreasing. In the current code, it's 0.05 multiplied by (1 - i/200), which starts at 0.05 and decreases to zero. Maybe this is too slow. What if we start with a larger noise_scale and reduce it more slowly?

For example, noise_scale = 0.1 * (1 - i / 200). Or even use a different function, like exponential decay.

Alternatively, trying to find a balance between exploration and exploitation.

Testing these changes might lead to faster convergence and better results.

Another change I can make is to adjust the number of iterations. For example, instead of 200 iterations, try 100. But with the current code's iteration count, it's already doing 200.

In conclusion, the main idea is to improve the previous code by using a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, or by adjusting the perturbation strategy and parameters. However, given the time constraints and the need to fit within the code, I'll modify the code to use a different optimization approach and perhaps increase the number of iterations and adjust the parameters.

But given the complexity, perhaps the best way is to use the initial approach but with better hyperparameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations, changing the noise scale, and possibly using a different solver.

Another possible change: instead of using scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP, use a more efficient fit, like using a solver that allows for warm starts, or using more aggressive iterations.

Alternatively, use a different method for the perturbation. For example, instead of adding uniform noise, use Gaussian noise. Let me try that.

So, here's the revised code:

- Use the initial_h_values as starting point.
- For each iteration, add Gaussian noise to the best_h, clip it, and optimize with SLSQP.
- Adjust the noise scale and other parameters.

This is similar to the previous code, but with different noise type and parameters.

Let me attempt to code this.

Another thing: in the previous code, the perturb is generated with uniform noise. Maybe using a Gaussian noise with a larger variance initially could help explore more of the solution space.

So, modifying the code as follows:

In the loop:

perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)

But need to make sure it's within the bounds. Wait, the previous code uses uniform noise, which might be simpler to clip. Gaussian noise could have larger values, so clipping is still necessary.

Thus, the code would be:

for i in range(200):
    if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
        break
    noise_scale = 0.1 * (1 - i / 200)  # larger initial noise
    perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
    perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=perturbed_guess,
        method='SLSQP',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
    )

    if result.success:
        current_c5 = objective(result.x)
        if current_c5 < best_c5:
            best_c5 = current_c5
            best_h = result.x

This can lead to more exploration in the beginning, then more fine-tuning later. Also, increasing the noise_scale from 0.05 to 0.1 may help in early iterations.

In addition, reducing the maxiter for the optimization to 100 to save time and make the code fit within the budget.

But this is all speculative. To implement this, I need to modify the previous code.

Another possible improvement is to use the initial guess as the starting point for the first iteration, and then perturb it with some noise. Alternatively, using the initial guess as part of the search space.

In conclusion, the previous code can be improved by changing the noise type and scaling, adjusting the optimizer parameters, and possibly using a different solver.

In summary, the final code would involve modifying the previous code's perturbation and optimization parameters, possibly changing the method of optimization, and ensuring that it runs within the budget.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    for i in range(200):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Adaptive perturbation for exploration and exploitation
        noise_scale = 0.1 * (1 - i / 200)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```