<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to design a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral, which is essentially the maximum correlation between h and 1-h over different shifts. The current best known value is around 0.38085, and I need to see if I can get lower than that.

The previous code uses a hill-climbing approach with SLSQP optimization, starting from an initial guess and perturbing it multiple times. But maybe that's not the most effective way. Let me think about possible improvements.

First, the problem is about minimizing the maximum of the convolution between h and 1-h. This is similar to a Chebyshev-type optimization problem where you want to minimize the maximum deviation. Maybe I can model this as a Chebyshev approximation problem, where I try to make the function as flat as possible by balancing the different shifts.

Another approach is to think in terms of linear programming. Since the integral is the maximum over k of the convolution, maybe I can frame this as a bilevel optimization problem. However, bilevel optimization is computationally intensive, so that might not be feasible here.

Alternatively, maybe I can use a more structured approach to construct the function h. For example, partitioning the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 0 or 1, and then adjusting the widths of these regions to minimize the overlap. But since h is a step function, maybe I can find an optimal partitioning.

Wait, the problem allows h to be any step function, not necessarily with just two values. However, the constraint is that the integral over [0,2] is 1. So maybe the optimal solution would have h as a piecewise constant function with several steps.

But how do I find such a function? Maybe using a gradient-based optimization method, but with a better choice of starting points. The previous code starts with initial_h_values, which might be a good starting point, but maybe there's a way to generate better initial points.

Another idea is to use symmetry. The problem is symmetric, so perhaps the optimal function h is symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2]. For example, if h is symmetric, then shifting by 1 unit would give certain properties. Maybe constructing h to be symmetric could help in balancing the overlaps.

Alternatively, using a Fourier series approach. Since the problem involves convolutions, Fourier transforms might be useful. The convolution theorem tells us that the Fourier transform of the convolution is the product of the Fourier transforms. However, since we're dealing with a maximum over k, maybe this approach isn't directly applicable.

Let me think about the current code. The main loop runs multiple SLSQP optimizations with perturbations. But SLSQP is a local optimizer, so it might get stuck in local minima. Perhaps using a global optimization method could help, but that's computationally expensive. However, given the time budget of 100 seconds, maybe a more efficient method is needed.

What if I use a different optimization strategy? For example, instead of trying to optimize the entire function at once, maybe I can use a greedy approach where I iteratively improve the function. For instance, starting with the initial guess, then scanning through the function and adjusting individual points to reduce the maximum overlap.

Another idea is to use a simulated annealing approach. This allows the algorithm to explore the solution space more thoroughly, avoiding local minima. However, simulated annealing is generally slower than local optimization methods. But given that the problem is high-dimensional (with n_points up to maybe 1000), simulated annealing might not be feasible within 100 seconds.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients. However, this might not converge as quickly as SLSQP.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP, but with multiple iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or tweaking the parameters could help. For example, adjusting the ftol and eps to get more precise solutions.

But the problem is that the cost function is non-convex, so the optima are not guaranteed. Maybe the key is to start with a better initial guess. The initial_h_values might not be optimal. How can I generate a better initial guess?

Maybe constructing a trial function that has a certain structure. For example, if I divide the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 1 or 0, and then adjust the lengths to balance the overlaps. Let's think: if h is 1 on some intervals and 0 on others, then the overlap for a shift k would depend on how much the regions overlap with their shifted versions.

Alternatively, for a step function, perhaps using a combination of different step sizes. For example, suppose the function h is made up of multiple segments. The challenge is to find the optimal lengths of these segments such that when you shift them, the overlap is minimized.

But this seems like a combinatorial problem. Maybe there's a way to approximate it with continuous variables. However, given the computational constraints, perhaps I need to look for a more efficient way.

Another angle: the problem requires minimizing the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). The maximum is over k, which in the discretized case corresponds to the shifts between the points. Since the integral is being evaluated over [0,2], the shifts k that matter are those that result in overlaps between h and its shifted version.

In the discrete case, the convolution np.correlate with mode 'full' gives the cross-correlation at all lags. But in our case, the shifts k can be from -2 to +2, but since the function is periodic (but not necessarily), the actual valid shifts are those that result in overlapping regions.

But for optimization, perhaps it's better to consider the shifts that are most critical. Maybe the maximum occurs for certain specific shifts, like k=0.5, k=1, etc. If I can model the integral for those critical shifts, perhaps the problem becomes more tractable.

But how to find these critical shifts? Maybe by trying to optimize the function to balance the integrals for those shifts.

Alternatively, maybe I can formulate this as a quadratic programming problem. Since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, which are linear in h, but with the constraint that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. However, minimizing the maximum of linear functions is equivalent to solving a linear program with additional variables for the max.

Wait, here's an idea: introduce variables for each possible shift k, then set up the problem to minimize some value C such that for each shift k, the integral is ≤ C. Then the problem becomes minimizing C, with the constraints that for each k, the integral is ≤ C, and the integral of h is 1. However, the number of shifts k would be very large, which makes this approach infeasible for large n_points.

But perhaps in the discretized case, the number of important shifts is manageable. For example, if we have n_points samples, then the shifts that contribute to the maximum overlap are limited. Maybe we can sample a subset of shifts and enforce that the integral for those shifts is ≤ C. This would reduce the number of constraints and make the problem feasible.

But how to choose which shifts to consider? Alternatively, during the optimization, track the maximum over the computed correlations and only optimize to minimize that maximum. This is what the current code does.

So, perhaps the main issue is that the previous code uses a local optimization method which may not find the global minimum. To improve this, maybe we can use a different optimization approach, such as a genetic algorithm or a more efficient gradient-based method.

Another thought: perhaps the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem. For instance, if we can bound the maximum overlap integral by some convex function, then we can use convex optimization techniques. But since the maximum of linear functions is not convex, this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, maybe use a primal-dual approach with a penalty method. For example, minimize the sum of the overlaps, penalizing the maximum. However, this is not straightforward.

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of the integral constraints. For each shift k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Let's change variables for the integral. Let y = x + k. Then the integral becomes the integral over y of h(y - k)(1 - h(y)) dy. So, for each k, the integral is equal to the integral of h(y - k)(1 - h(y)) dy over y. But this is the same as the cross-correlation.

But maybe considering the entire set of shifts, the integral can be expressed as the sum over all pairs (x, x + k) of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. But not sure how helpful that is.

Another idea: the overlap integral is equivalent to the expected value of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) over x, for a uniform distribution of x. So maybe the problem is to minimize the maximum of these expected values over all k.

But how to model this? For a given k, the integral is the expected value, which is linear in h. So, if I can find h such that for all k, this expectation is as small as possible, then perhaps using some averaging or balancing technique.

But again, without knowing which k's are critical, this is challenging.

Perhaps the key is to use a different initial guess. The initial_h_values given could be suboptimal. Maybe generating a better initial guess by looking for a function that is more balanced in terms of overlaps.

Alternatively, trying to use a different approach, such as the one used in the previous code, but with more targeted perturbations. For example, instead of random perturbations, maybe focus on the regions where the current function has high overlap and adjust those regions to reduce it.

Another approach is to use a gradient-based method with a more sophisticated step size. For example, using the Adam optimizer or another adaptive learning rate method, which might converge faster and avoid local minima better.

Alternatively, trying to use a probabilistic approach where the function h is modeled as a probability distribution, and then optimizing the parameters to minimize the maximum overlap. However, this might not be directly applicable.

Wait, the initial code uses scipy.optimize's minimize function with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerances could help. Also, since the problem is convex in certain regions, but non-convex overall, perhaps a better convergence is possible.

But the main issue with the previous code is that it's a heuristic method. To get a better bound, perhaps a different initial guess is needed, or a different optimization approach.

Wait, the problem also allows using different starting points. So maybe generating a few initial points with different structures and then trying to optimize from each of them. For example, using a random initial guess, or a guess based on a different structure (like a checkerboard pattern).

But generating random initial guesses may not be effective unless they are good. Alternatively, using a structured initial guess based on some known properties.

Another idea: for the optimal function, the overlap should be the same for all shifts. Or at least, the maximum is achieved at certain shifts where the function has a specific structure.

But how can we model that? For example, if we can enforce that the overlap is the same for several critical shifts, then the function's design becomes more structured and easier to optimize.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective optimization approach, where the objective is to minimize the maximum overlap while maintaining the integral constraint. This could involve reducing the maximum overlap by adjusting the function's parameters.

Alternatively, using a ternary search approach for the value of C, and for each C, checking if there exists a function h that satisfies all constraints (integral of h is 1, and for all k, the overlap is ≤ C). This is a feasibility problem, which can be checked with a convex optimization approach, but again, the number of constraints is large.

But how to perform this feasibility check? For each possible shift k, the integral must be ≤ C. If we can model this as a linear program, then for a given C, we can check feasibility. However, the number of constraints (shifts k) is huge, making this approach infeasible.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is achieved for certain shifts, say k=0.5 and k=1, and then formulating the problem to ensure that the overlaps for those shifts are minimized. This would reduce the number of constraints and make the optimization feasible.

But how to choose which shifts to consider? It might depend on the initial guess. For example, in the initial guess, the maximum overlap occurs at a specific k. So, during the optimization, track which shifts are causing the maximum and focus on those.

This seems like a possible direction. Maybe the previous code could be modified to focus on the most critical shifts, but that might add complexity.

Alternatively, let's think about the structure of the optimal function. For instance, if the function h is designed to have as balanced as possible overlaps for all shifts. Maybe the optimal function is a combination of several intervals where h is set to 0 or 1, arranged in a way that minimizes the overlaps.

For example, suppose the function h is a union of several intervals where it is 1, and the rest are 0. Then the overlaps would depend on how these intervals are placed. Maybe distributing the intervals evenly across the interval [0,2] would help. For example, if the function has several peaks separated by certain distances, so that when it shifts, the overlap is minimized.

But how to find the optimal distribution of these peaks? This seems like a combinatorial optimization problem, but perhaps with some structure that can be modeled with continuous variables.

Alternatively, using a binary search approach: for a given C, can we find a function h that satisfies the integral constraint and all overlaps are ≤ C? If so, then we can perform a binary search on C to find the smallest possible value. However, the feasibility check for each C is a challenging problem.

But how to model the feasibility check? For each C, the problem is: find h such that ∫h = 1 and for all k, ∫h(x)(1 - h(x + k))dx ≤ C. This is an infinite-dimensional constrained optimization problem. However, for the discretized version, we can approximate it with a large number of constraints.

But this seems computationally intensive. For example, for each C, we would need to check for all possible shifts k. However, in practice, for the discretized case with n_points, the shifts are limited to the number of sample points.

Wait, in the discretized case, the convolution is computed over all possible lags. The maximum of this convolution is what we need to minimize. So, perhaps for a given h, we can compute this maximum. But if we were to use a binary search approach, we would need to find the minimal C such that there exists an h with ∫h=1 and max_{k} ∫h(x)(1-h(x +k))dx ≤ C.

However, in this case, the problem reduces to solving a non-convex optimization problem with a constraint on the maximum over multiple objectives. This seems difficult.

Considering the constraints of the problem, perhaps the best approach is to refine the current method. For instance, the previous code uses SLSQP with perturbations, but maybe using a more efficient optimization method or a better initial guess.

Another idea: instead of using a random perturbation, generate a more intelligent perturbation. For example, identify the regions of h that contribute most to the overlap and adjust them. This would require computing the gradient of the objective function with respect to h and then adjusting h in the direction that reduces the overlap.

Alternatively, using a conjugate gradient method, which may converge faster. However, the current code uses SLSQP, which is a constrained optimization method.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. The current code computes the correlation, which for a large number of points can be expensive. However, with n_points up to, say, 1000, it's manageable. But perhaps optimizing the computation of the correlation could speed things up.

But given that the main goal is to minimize the maximum overlap, the key is to make the optimization efficient and effective.

Another idea: explore different values of n_points. The previous code uses the initial_h_values, which has n_points=45. However, maybe using a larger number of points could lead to a better bound. For example, with more points, the function h can have more detailed structure, potentially leading to lower overlap. However, increasing n_points increases the computation time, which could exceed the 100-second budget.

But the problem states that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So, perhaps the current n_points is acceptable. However, using a larger n_points might allow for more accurate approximations of the optimal function.

But with the given time constraint, it's better to stick to a manageable number of points. For example, the initial code uses 45 points, which is under 1k.

In summary, the main ideas for improvement are:

1. Improve the initial guess by generating better starting points.
2. Use a more effective optimization method, such as a global optimization technique or a different local method.
3. Refine the optimization parameters to get better convergence.

Given that the previous code uses SLSQP with perturbations, perhaps adjusting the perturbation strategy and the number of iterations could help. For example, instead of random perturbations, perturbing only the regions where the maximum overlap is occurring. Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different initializations.

Another possibility is to use a genetic algorithm. However, genetic algorithms are not well-suited for high-dimensional problems and may not converge within the time budget. But with careful parameter tuning, it might be feasible.

Alternatively, combining multiple optimization approaches: for example, using a local optimizer with a good initial guess, and then applying a global optimizer to explore other regions.

Another angle: the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap. This is similar to the problem of minimizing the maximum of a set of linear functions. In such cases, the solution often lies at the boundary where several of these functions are equal. So, perhaps the optimal function h is such that the overlaps for certain shifts are equal, which can be used as constraints in the optimization.

But how to implement this? It's challenging, but perhaps by incorporating these equality constraints into the optimization problem, the solution can be guided towards the optimal point.

In the current setup, the optimization is done by minimizing the maximum overlap, which can be transformed into minimizing the maximum of the convolutions. However, since the maximum is a non-smooth function, the gradient is not straightforward. This is why using a local optimizer like SLSQP may not be the best choice.

An alternative approach is to use a different method for optimization, such as a derivative-free method like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm. This method doesn't require gradients and can be less sensitive to local optima.

But how to balance between speed and effectiveness?

Another idea: since the problem is similar to a Chebyshev approximation, maybe represent the function h as a linear combination of basis functions and optimize the coefficients. For example, using orthogonal polynomials or Fourier series. However, this might not directly apply here.

Alternatively, using a binary representation, where h is piecewise constant, and the function is composed of a small number of intervals. For example, dividing the interval [0, 2] into m intervals, each with a value 0 or 1. Then, the problem becomes choosing the lengths of these intervals such that the overlaps are minimized.

But with a small m, this is a combinatorial problem, but for larger m, it becomes more complex. However, this approach could be combined with numerical optimization techniques.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code. For instance:

- Use a more efficient initial guess by generating multiple initial guesses with different structures and optimizing from each.
- Use a more aggressive optimization method, like L-BFGS-B or another variant.
- Increase the number of iterations or adjust the tolerances to get better convergence.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (10) and for each iteration perturbs the initial guess. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or varying the perturbation amplitudes could help.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the inner loop. For example, instead of SLSQP, using a method like COBYLA, which is a derivative-free optimizer that handles bounds.

Wait, in the previous code, the method is SLSQP. Changing the method to COBYLA could potentially improve the optimization, especially since the problem has bound constraints.

Also, the current code uses a fixed perturbation with a variance of 0.02. Maybe varying the perturbation size during optimization could help. For example, starting with larger perturbations to explore the space and then smaller perturbations to converge.

Another possible improvement: instead of restarting the optimization from the initial guess, use the best solution found so far as the new initial guess for subsequent iterations. This is what the previous code does, but maybe with more iterations and better parameters.

Putting this all together, the plan is to:

1. Use the initial guess provided by initial_h_values, but also consider generating other initial guesses.
2. Use a more robust optimization method, like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B.
3. Use a more extensive number of iterations and randomized perturbations.
4. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.

Now, translating this into code modifications, I need to replace the SLSQP method with a different one, perhaps COBYLA, and adjust the number of iterations and perturbations.

But given the time constraints, the code needs to be adjusted efficiently. Also, the code must be as concise as possible, under the token limit.

So, modifying the previous code:

- Change the optimization method to one that is more suitable for bounded problems.
- Increase the number of iterations.
- Maybe add more random perturbations with varying sizes.

Another idea: using a global optimization algorithm like differential evolution, which is better at finding global minima. However, differential evolution might be too slow for large n_points.

But with n_points=45, which is manageable, differential evolution could be feasible.

So, in the code, replacing the optimize.minimize call with a differential evolution method. The differential evolution algorithm is a population-based optimization method that can handle the bounds and constraints.

However, the differential evolution implementation in scipy.optimize is scipy.optimize.differential_evolution, which is different from the minimize function.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution:

But differential evolution requires the bounds and the objective function. Also, the problem has a constraint on the sum of h, which must be equal to 1.

But the differential evolution method can handle constraints with the constraints parameter, but the constraints need to be in the form of equality or inequality. For our case, the constraint is sum(h) = target_sum, which is an equality constraint.

However, differential evolution might not be as straightforward for equality constraints. Alternatively, using a penalty method for the constraint, where the constraint is penalized in the objective function.

So, the modified objective function would be the maximum overlap integral plus a penalty term for the constraint violation. This way, the optimization algorithm will try to satisfy the constraint.

But this approach can be implemented in the objective function.

Alternatively, during the optimization, we can enforce the constraint by normalizing h after each perturbation. However, this may introduce additional complexity.

In the current code, the constraint is handled via the SLSQP method's constraints parameter. If we switch to differential evolution, we need to include the constraint in the optimization.

But differential evolution is more suitable for problems without constraints, or with box constraints. So, for our problem, we might need to adjust the objective function to include the constraint as a penalty.

For example, the objective function could be the maximum overlap plus a large penalty term if the sum of h is not equal to target_sum. The penalty coefficient can be large enough to ensure the constraint is satisfied.

This way, the differential evolution algorithm will attempt to minimize the objective function, which includes both the overlap and the constraint violation.

This approach may be feasible.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution:

But I need to adjust the code to use scipy.optimize.differential_evolution with the constraint incorporated as a penalty.

However, this requires rewriting the objective function. The previous code's objective function was the maximum overlap, and the constraint was handled separately.

In the differential evolution approach, the objective function would be:

objective(h_values) = max_overlap + penalty * (sum(h_values) - target_sum)^2

Where the penalty is a large positive number to enforce the constraint. This way, if the sum is not equal to the target_sum, the objective function becomes large, and the algorithm will try to adjust h to satisfy the constraint.

But this is a heuristic approach and might not be as effective as handling the constraint directly. However, it can allow the differential evolution to work.

Another point is that differential evolution works on the entire population, so it may be able to find better solutions than the previous method, especially if the initial guess is poor.

But how to implement this?

Let me think. The differential evolution requires a function that returns the objective value given a candidate solution. So, the objective function would be:

def objective(h_values):
    h = np.array(h_values)
    corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    max_overlap = np.max(corr) * dx
    # Penalize constraint violation
    penalty = 1e5 * (np.sum(h) - target_sum)**2
    return max_overlap + penalty

Then, the differential evolution would minimize this function, since it's trying to minimize the objective value. If the penalty is large, the constraint sum h = target_sum will be enforced.

But this is an approximate approach. However, it may work well enough, especially if the penalty coefficient is chosen appropriately.

Additionally, the bounds for each parameter are [0,1], which is handled by the differential evolution's bounds parameter.

This approach can be implemented in the code. Let's try to integrate this into the previous code structure.

Now, considering that the previous code uses initial_h_values, and with this approach, we can use differential evolution starting from this initial guess.

However, the differential evolution method might take longer to converge, but perhaps with the penalty, it can find better solutions.

Another possible adjustment is to use a different starting point. For example, generating a different initial guess based on a structured pattern. But without implementing that, perhaps focusing on the differential evolution approach.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution:

The code would structure the run function to use differential_evolution with the objective function, and the constraints are handled via the penalty.

But how to handle the constraints, and what is the appropriate way to combine the penalty?

This would be the modified code. Let me outline the steps:

1. Define the objective function as the maximum overlap plus a penalty for constraint violation.
2. Use differential_evolution to minimize this objective function.
3. Since the problem has a fixed number of parameters (n_points), set the bounds as [0,1] for each parameter.
4. The penalty coefficient needs to be large enough to ensure that the constraint is enforced, but not so large that it dominates the other terms.

But with this approach, the code could be:

import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    import os
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        max_overlap = np.max(corr) * dx
        penalty = 1e5 * (np.sum(h) - target_sum)**2
        return max_overlap + penalty
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    result = optimize.differential_evolution(
        fun=objective,
        bounds=bounds,
        strategy='best1bin',
        maxiter=100,
        popsize=15,
        mutation=(0.5, 1),
        recombination=0.8,
        tol=1e-6,
        disp=False,
        x0=initial_guess
    )
    
    best_h = result.x
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    # Check if the result is valid and within the budget
    if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
        # If time is up, return the best solution found so far
        # Alternatively, fall back to initial guess
        return initial_guess, objective(initial_guess), n_points
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

But this code has a few issues. For example, the differential_evolution function may not accept x0, and the parameters need to be carefully chosen. Also, the maxiter and other parameters may need tuning.

Moreover, the initial guess is used as x0, but differential evolution can be run without it. However, using it can help the algorithm start from a good region.

This approach might be more effective in finding better solutions, especially if the previous method got stuck in a local minimum. However, the time budget is limited, so the number of iterations (maxiter=100) may be insufficient, but it's a start.

Alternatively, combining the differential evolution approach with multiple starting points. For example, running several differential evolution runs with different initial guesses.

But with the token limit, the code must remain concise.

Another thing to consider: the problem may require a balance between exploration and exploitation. The current code uses a single differential evolution run, which may not be sufficient. However, given the time budget, it's necessary to keep the code simple.

Another possible improvement is to use a hybrid approach: run a differential evolution for a limited time, then apply a local optimization from the best solution found.

But again, the code must be concise.

In conclusion, the main plan is to switch to differential evolution with a penalty for the constraint, which may yield better solutions than the previous SLSQP-based approach.

Now, adapting this into the code and ensuring it fits the constraints.

Another thing: the previous code uses multiple iterations with perturbations, and the new code could potentially replace this with a single differential evolution run. However, if the differential evolution is not sufficient, perhaps combining both methods.

But given the time constraints, switching to differential evolution seems like a promising approach.

So, implementing this code and testing it. However, in practice, the differential evolution might need more parameters tuning, like the strategy, mutation, and recombination rates.

Another thing: the current code uses the initial guess as x0, which is the initial_h_values. If this is a good starting point, the differential evolution can converge faster. But if it's poor, it might take longer.

In the current setup, the initial_h_values are provided, so assuming they are reasonable, this should work.

Thus, the final code would be a differential evolution approach with a penalty function for the constraint.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        max_overlap = np.max(corr) * dx
        penalty = 1e6 * (np.sum(h) - target_sum)**2
        return max_overlap + penalty
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    result = optimize.differential_evolution(
        fun=objective,
        bounds=bounds,
        strategy='best1bin',
        maxiter=100,
        popsize=15,
        mutation=(0.5, 1),
        recombination=0.8,
        tol=1e-6,
        disp=False,
        x0=initial_guess
    )
    
    if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
        return initial_guess, objective(initial_guess), n_points
    
    best_h = result.x
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```