<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and my goal is to get lower than that, ideally around 0.380876. The previous code used a SLSQP optimization approach starting from an initial guess, but maybe I can do better by changing the strategy.

First, let's understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h(x) on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k is minimized. The overlap integral is calculated as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) over x. The discrete version uses convolution and the maximum value of the cross-correlation.

The initial approach used perturbations and SLSQP optimization, but perhaps there are other methods. Maybe a better approach is to use a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing, which can escape local minima. However, given the time constraints, I need something efficient.

Alternatively, maybe I can use a different optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP with perturbations. What if instead I use a more global optimization method, or adjust the parameters of SLSQP? Or perhaps use a different starting point?

Another thought: maybe the initial starting point is a good one, but there's a better way to perturb it. Also, perhaps using a different constraint handling or objective function.

Wait, the previous code used the initial_h_values as a starting point, but maybe there's a better starting point. For example, starting with a more regular pattern. But since the initial_h_values is given, I should use it unless I have a better idea.

Another approach: the problem is similar to a covering problem, where we want to spread out the function h(x) to minimize overlaps. For example, a periodic pattern with spaced intervals. Maybe a sequence that alternates between high and low values, spaced in a way that the overlaps are minimized.

But how to model that? Maybe using a piecewise function with certain intervals, but how to translate that into a step function.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a dynamic programming or greedy approach, but that might be less effective.

Another idea: since the integral is 1 over [0,2], the average value of h(x) is 0.5. So the function has to be a kind of density function. To minimize overlaps, the function should be as "spread out" as possible, avoiding having high values in regions that shift into other high regions.

Alternatively, think of h(x) as a 1-dimensional set where the measure is 1. The overlap when shifted by k is the measure of the intersection between the set and its shift. So minimizing the maximum overlap.

But how to model this for optimization.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = len(initial_h_values)), which is 45. The user may prefer smaller n_points to make the optimization faster. So maybe trying with smaller n_points, like 30 or 50, but the initial guess is given for n=45. However, the problem states that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe trying with a smaller n_points could be better. However, the initial guess is given, so perhaps we need to adjust that. Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, and the code uses that. So if I can't change that, maybe I can try to optimize with the same n_points but different approaches.

Wait, in the previous code, the user starts with initial_h_values, but the code allows varying the starting points. However, the problem says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So I can't use other starting points unless I can generate them.

Another idea: maybe using a different optimization algorithm. The SLSQP method might be getting stuck in local minima. Maybe using a different optimization approach like genetic algorithms, but that's computationally intensive. Alternatively, maybe using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) could be more effective in exploring the search space.

However, integrating PSO into the code might be complex. Let's think about what can be done within the given time constraints.

Another idea: the previous code uses 10 iterations with perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the perturbation parameters. Also, maybe using a different initial guess by generating a better starting point.

But how to generate a better starting point? For example, maybe using a more regular pattern. Suppose the initial function is designed to have the h(x) take values of 0 and 1 in a way that minimizes the overlap. But since the integral is 1, it's not all 0s and 1s. Wait, the integral over [0,2] is 1. So for a step function with n points, the sum of h[i] should be n_points / 2. So for n_points=45, sum is 22.5.

But how to create a starting point that's better. Maybe the initial_h_values is already a good one, but to further improve, we can try different perturbations.

Another approach: using a gradient-based method with more careful handling of constraints. For example, in the previous code, the constraint is the sum of h being fixed. The objective is the maximum of the cross-correlation. However, the cross-correlation is a max function, which is non-differentiable. This might make the optimization difficult.

Alternatively, we can approximate the maximum by adding a penalty term. But that might complicate things.

Alternatively, the problem can be transformed. Since the maximum over k of the cross-correlation is being minimized, perhaps the optimal function h is such that the cross-correlations for all shifts are approximately equal. This would be a uniform distribution of overlaps, which might be the case for the optimal solution.

So, perhaps trying to make the cross-correlation values as uniform as possible. This might be a more tractable problem. How can we model that?

But how to optimize for that in code. Maybe using a different objective function, such as the maximum of the cross-correlation, or the sum of squares of the cross-correlation, but that's not directly helpful.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization library. For example, using a different method in scipy.optimize. The previous code used SLSQP, which is good for constraints, but maybe other methods could work better. For example, the 'COBYLA' method which handles bounds and constraints.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient implementation. For example, the code could be optimized by precomputing the cross-correlation and using vectorized operations.

Wait, the current code's objective function is computed as the maximum of the cross-correlation. However, the cross-correlation is evaluated for all shifts. For each h, the code computes the cross-correlation, then takes the maximum. So the objective is to minimize this maximum value.

But the cross-correlation for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. The maximum of this over all k is the value we need to minimize.

In the code, the mode is 'full', which returns a convolution result of length 2n-1, so for a vector of length n_contributions, the cross-correlation is computed for all shifts. The maximum value of this is the value to minimize.

So the key is to find h that makes all these cross-correlation values as small as possible, especially the maximum one.

Another thought: the previous code uses a perturbative approach, but maybe using a different starting point would help. For example, creating a starting point that's structured in some way. For instance, the function h(x) could be designed to have peaks spaced evenly in the interval [0,2]. For example, placing peaks every 1 unit. Since the integral is 1, the total area would be 1. So for a step function, maybe alternating between 1 and 0, but that would require a certain number of samples.

But given that the initial starting point is provided, maybe the code should focus on optimizing from that point with more sophisticated techniques.

Another idea: the problem is a constrained optimization problem. The variables are the h[i] values. The constraints are that the sum of h[i] is fixed, and each h[i] is between 0 and 1.

The objective is to minimize the maximum cross-correlation over all shifts. Since this is a non-differentiable objective, standard gradient-based methods might not work well. But maybe we can use a method that handles this, like using a multi-objective approach or replacing the max with a approximation.

Alternatively, use a different optimization framework that can handle the max function, such as using a convex conjugate or other techniques.

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm approach. Since the search space is continuous, and the objective function is relatively smooth (though the max function is not), a genetic algorithm might be able to find better solutions by exploring different regions of the search space.

But implementing a genetic algorithm within the time constraints could be computationally expensive. However, since the time budget is 100 seconds, maybe it's feasible for a smaller n_points.

But the initial code uses n_points = 45, which is manageable. So maybe using a more efficient optimization approach.

Another approach: use the fact that the cross-correlation is a convolution. So the maximum of the cross-correlation is equivalent to the maximum of the convolution of h and (1-h) shifted appropriately.

But how to model that. Maybe using a different way to calculate the cross-correlation values and then optimize.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a min-max problem. For a given h, find the k that maximizes the overlap, then minimize that.

But this is essentially what the code does.

Perhaps the previous code can be improved by trying more diverse perturbations, or by adjusting the optimization parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations, or using a better optimizer.

Another thing to consider is that the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (10 iterations) and each iteration has a perturbation with varying scale. Maybe trying more iterations with different perturbation strategies could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a different method like Bayesian optimization for the hyperparameters, but that might be too complex.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. Wait, the problem states that the initial_h_values are provided, and the code should use them. So the code can start from there.

Another idea: Instead of using a fixed perturbation scale, maybe using adaptive perturbations based on the current solution. For example, if the solution is getting stuck, increase the perturbation scale to explore new areas.

Alternatively, trying different optimization methods: for example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method which allows bounds, but the previous code used 'SLSQP'. However, the 'L-BFGS-B' method would require the constraints to be handled differently.

But how to handle the equality constraint (sum h = target_sum) with 'L-BFGS-B'?

The previous code uses SLSQP, which can handle both bounds and constraints. Perhaps using other methods with different options.

Alternatively, trying the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method, which doesn't require gradients but can handle constraints. However, it's slower and might not scale well for high-dimensional problems.

But for n_points=45, it's 45 variables. Nelder-Mead might be too slow.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the max of cross-correlation values, maybe the optimal h is such that all cross-correlation values are equal. This would be a uniform solution. So perhaps trying to enforce that all cross-correlation values are equal would lead to the minimal maximum.

But how to model this. It's a complicated constraint. Perhaps as an approximation, we can add a penalty to the objective function for differences between cross-correlation values.

But this would complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, maybe focusing on the worst-case shift. For example, if we can find a shift where the cross-correlation is higher than others, and optimize for that specific shift. But this would not ensure the global maximum is minimized.

Another approach is to use some heuristics based on known patterns. For example, the optimal solution for the Erdős problem might have a certain structure, such as being a piecewise constant function with certain intervals.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to model.

Alternatively, going back to the previous code. What can be changed to improve it?

The original code uses perturbations with a random normal distribution, and then optimizes with SLSQP. Maybe instead of perturbing the initial guess and then optimizing, we can use a different approach, like coordinate descent or gradient descent with constraints.

But how to handle the constraints. For example, the sum of h must be fixed. So during optimization, the algorithm should maintain that.

Another idea: the cross-correlation can be written as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For a given shift k, this is equivalent to the integral over x of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x) h(x +k) dx. Since the first term is 1 (because integrate h(x) over [0,2] is 1, but when you integrate h(x)(1-h(x +k)) dx, it's the same as integrate h(x) dx - integrate h(x) h(x +k) dx. Wait, the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1, but the integral of h(x) dx is 1, so the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx is 1 - integral of h(x) h(x +k) dx over x, where the integral is over the overlap region between [0,2] and [0,2 -k]. But depending on k, this overlap changes.

But maybe this is not directly helpful. However, the previous code is already trying to minimize the maximum of these cross-correlations. So the problem is to minimize the maximum of this integral over all k.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations and local optimization. Perhaps using multiple starting points and combining the results would help. For example, starting from the initial_h_values, but also trying other starting points generated by some method.

But generating other starting points might be time-consuming. Alternatively, perturbing the initial guess in different ways each time.

Wait, the previous code uses 10 iterations, each with a random perturbation. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or varying the perturbation strategy could yield better results. For example, using different perturbation scales or different perturbation distributions.

Alternatively, trying to use a more sophisticated optimization method, like a trust-region approach, but that's probably not in scipy.optimize.

Another approach is to use a different objective function. For example, instead of minimizing the max over k, we could minimize the sum of squares of the cross-correlations. This would make the problem differentiable and easier for gradient-based methods. However, the original problem requires the maximum to be minimized, so this approach might not directly yield the desired result, but it could be a way to approximate it.

In that case, the objective function would be the sum of (cross_correlation[k])^2 for all k. Then, the optimization would find a solution that balances the cross-correlation values, possibly leading to a lower maximum.

But this is a change in the objective function. The original problem requires the maximum to be minimized, which is a different problem than minimizing the sum. However, it's possible that the optimal solution for the sum is close to the optimal for the maximum.

But this is an approximation. However, it might help the optimization process because the sum of squares is differentiable. So let's try this approach.

But the user's code currently uses the max of the cross-correlation. So to use this approach, I would need to change the objective function. However, this may not be correct, but it might lead to better results in practice.

Alternatively, the original code's objective function is correct, and we can try to improve the optimization by using gradient-based methods, but the problem is that the max function is non-differentiable, which complicates gradient computation.

So, maybe using a modified objective function that approximates the max. For example, using a smoothed max function, or taking the maximum as the value but using a quasi-Newton method that can handle non-smooth functions.

But scipy.optimize's SLSQP method may not handle non-differentiable objectives well.

Another idea: since the max function is the critical part, perhaps we can use the fact that the maximum cross-correlation occurs at a particular shift. If we can find that shift and focus on minimizing that value, maybe we can do better. However, how do we know which shift is the maximum?

This seems like a chicken and egg problem. We need to know where the maximum is to optimize for it, but finding where it is requires evaluating the objective function.

In conclusion, perhaps the previous code's main issues are the optimization method and the perturbation strategy. Let's think of modifying the code to use more advanced optimization techniques or better parameter tuning.

So, here's a plan:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Use a more effective optimization algorithm. For example, instead of SLSQP, try using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which can handle bounds, and possibly the 'COBYLA' method which handles bounds and constraints.
3. Use a different way of perturbing the initial guess. Instead of adding normally distributed noise, maybe use different variations such as shifting the values or applying some transformation.
4. Increase the number of iterations or the number of different perturbations tried.
5. Use a different objective function, such as sum of squares of the cross-correlation, to make the optimization more stable.
6. Implement a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation, perhaps by precomputing the necessary values or using vectorized operations.
7. Monitor the time spent and stop early if possible, returning the best solution found.

Let's think about implementing some of these changes.

First, trying the 'COBYLA' method. Because COBYLA can handle bounds and constraints without requiring gradients. It's a derivative-free method. However, it might be slower than SLSQP for large-dimensional problems.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with better options. For example, increasing the maximum iterations, or using a different tolerance for convergence.

Another idea: in the previous code, the constraint is the sum of h = target_sum. The objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. So during each optimization step, the optimizer adjusts the h values to minimize the objective while maintaining the sum constraint.

But the cross-correlation calculation is computationally heavy each time, which could be slow.

To speed up the calculations, perhaps we can precompute the cross-correlation for the current h. However, the code already does that in the objective function.

But for a large number of points, this could be time-consuming. However, with n_points=45, it's manageable.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (10) and starts from the initial guess, updating the initial guess each time. Maybe we can try more perturbations with different strategies, or using different perturbation methods.

Alternatively, use a Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) approach. But implementing PSO from scratch might be time-consuming. However, there are libraries in scipy.optimize that support it? Not sure. Maybe using a different approach.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm. For example, using the DEAP library, but since the code must not use external libraries beyond scipy and numpy, this might not be possible.

Another approach is to use the 'SLSQP' method with a better initial guess and more iterations. For example, in the previous code, the initial guess is the initial_h_values, and then during each iteration, it adds a perturbation and optimizes from there. So the code is doing a kind of gradient-based optimization with random restarts.

But perhaps the number of iterations (10) is too low. Let's try increasing that to 20 or 30. Also, varying the perturbation scale in a more systematic way.

In the previous code, the perturbation scale is randomly chosen between 0.03 and 0.1. Maybe instead, using a decreasing scale over iterations, starting with larger perturbations and gradually decreasing to fine-tune the solution.

Alternatively, using a more intelligent perturbation, like perturbing the regions where the cross-correlation is highest.

But how to implement that without knowing the cross-correlation values beforehand.

Another idea: during the optimization, after evaluating the objective function, find the shift that gives the maximum cross-correlation, and then perturb the regions of h(x) that contribute most to that correlaion.

But this requires more complex logic and might not be feasible within the time constraints.

In summary, let's proceed with modifying the previous code as follows:

- Use more iterations, say 20 instead of 10.
- Vary the perturbation scale more systematically.
- Use a different optimization method, perhaps 'SLSQP' with more iterations and tighter tolerances.
- Monitor the time and stop early if possible.
- Also, try to use a different initial guess, but since the initial_h_values is provided, we have to use that.

Additionally, the code might benefit from using a different objective function that is differentiable. For example, instead of taking the max, we can use a smoothed version, such as taking the maximum value and then trying to minimize that. However, the max function is necessary for the problem.

Wait, the original problem is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlations. So the objective function is correct, but it's non-differentiable, which makes the optimization harder.

To address this, perhaps during the optimization, we can approximate the max function by taking the maximum value and then use that as the objective. This is what the code already does.

Another possible optimization: since the cross-correlation is computed for all shifts, perhaps the maximum occurs at specific shifts. For example, the shifts that are small (like 0.5, 1.0, etc.) could be the ones with the highest overlaps. So during the optimization, we could focus on these shifts. However, this is speculation.

Alternatively, using the fact that the overlap integral is maximized when the shift is such that the areas where h(x) and h(x+k) are both high overlap. Therefore, spreading the h(x) to have low concentrations might help minimize this.

In any case, the previous code's structure can be modified to try more iterations and different perturbations.

Let's proceed to write the code with these modifications.

The new code would:

- Increase the number of perturbation iterations.
- Vary the perturbation scale in a more systematic way.
- Maybe use different optimization methods like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B.
- Also, possibly using more precise settings for the optimizer.

For example, in the previous code, there's a loop running 10 times. Let's increase it to 20. Also, perhaps try using different perturbation scales.

Another idea: the initial code uses a uniform perturbation scale, but maybe using different scales for different iterations. For example, starting with larger scales to explore the search space, then smaller scales for fine-tuning.

Additionally, the code's perturbed_guess is created by adding a random normal distribution to the initial_guess. But perhaps using a different perturbation method, like adding noise to selected variables.

But without knowing which variables are more important, it's hard to say. So random perturbation is a safe approach.

Another thing: in the previous code, the 'fun' for the constraint is the sum of h minus target_sum. The constraint is handled via the 'SLSQP' method.

In the new code, we might try using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds and a constraint that enforces the sum. For example, using a penalty function for the constraint. However, this might be more complex.

But for the purpose of this code, let's stick with 'SLSQP' and try to optimize other parameters.

So, in summary, the plan is to modify the previous code by increasing the number of iterations, varying the perturbation scale more effectively, and possibly adjusting the optimization parameters. Also, using more precise options for the optimizer.

Another possible optimization: in the previous code, the initial guess is updated after each iteration. This might help in converging better. But maybe increasing the number of iterations would help.

So, let's code these changes.

Now, writing the code:

The key changes would be:

- Increase the number of iterations to 20.
- Vary the perturbation scale in a range that includes both large and small perturbations.
- Use different optimization methods if needed.
- Track the best solution found so far.

Also, we can try using different perturbation scales for different iterations. For example, in earlier iterations, use larger scales to explore, then smaller scales to refine.

Let me draft the code.

The code will start with the initial guess, then perform multiple perturbations and optimizations.

The code will check the time and stop if it exceeds the budget.

Now, considering the code structure, the previous code has a loop for _ in range(10). Changing that to 20.

Also, for each iteration, the perturbation scale could be adjusted. For example, starting with larger scales and decreasing them.

But for simplicity, let's change the perturbation scale to be in a different range, like 0.05 to 0.15, to allow more variation.

Also, we can add more constraints to the optimize.minimize call, such as tighter tolerances.

Another thing: during the optimization, the code may not find a solution that improves the best_c5. So we should check if the result is successful and if the current_c5 is better than the best_c5 before updating.

Another idea: in the previous code, after each optimization, the initial_guess is updated to the best_h. This might help in the next iterations, as the new guess is better. However, this could lead to getting stuck in a local minimum, so maybe it's better to keep the initial guess as the original initial_h_values and try various perturbations from there. But this is a trade-off.

In any case, modifying the code as follows:

Increase the number of iterations from 10 to, say, 20, and adjust the perturbation scale.

Another idea: use different optimization methods for different steps. For example, first use a method that explores broadly, then switch to a more precise method.

But given the time constraints, it's probably better to stick with 'SLSQP' and try more iterations.

So, here's the revised code:

import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    import os
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    result = None
    
    # Increase the number of iterations
    for _ in range(20):  # Increased from 10 to 20
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Vary perturbation scale more systematically
        perturb_scale = np.random.uniform(0.05, 0.15)  # Increased range
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, perturb_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(initial_guess + perturb, 0, 1)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 1000, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                initial_guess = best_h  # Use updated guess
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

Wait, but this code increases the number of perturbations and uses a larger perturbation scale. It might explore more of the search space and find better solutions.

However, there's a chance that this might not be sufficient. Also, the code may take longer, and if the budget is 100 seconds, it might not finish all 20 iterations.

Another thing: the previous code used maxiter=500. Here, it's set to 1000. That might take more time, but allows better convergence.

Additionally, adjusting the perturbation scale to 0.05 to 0.15 might provide more variation.

But given the budget, it's possible that this code would take the full 100 seconds and return the best solution found.

Another idea: using a different optimization method, such as 'L-BFGS-B', which can handle bounds. Let's try that. Let me adjust the code to use 'L-BFGS-B' instead of 'SLSQP'.

But 'L-BFGS-B' requires that the constraint is handled in a different way. Because 'L-BFGS-B' handles bounds but not equality constraints. So, to handle the equality constraint, we need to use a penalty method.

Alternatively, we can use the 'SLSQP' method as before.

In any case, the previous code uses 'SLSQP', which handles both bounds and equality constraints, so that's acceptable.

Another possible adjustment: reduce the number of points. For example, if the initial_h_values is 45 points, but we can try with a smaller n_points, say 30, but the problem states that the initial_h_values is provided, and we are to use it. So we can't change that.

Thus, the code above with increased iterations and a larger perturbation range may yield better results.

But to further improve, perhaps using a different initial guess. However, since the initial_h_values is provided, we have to use that.

Another idea: after the initial perturbations and optimizations, perform a grid search around the best found solution. For example, check nearby solutions by perturbing the best_h slightly and optimizing again.

But this may take more time.

Alternatively, after the initial iterations, perform a final detailed optimization on the best found solution. For example, use a different method or more precise options.

But this would require more code.

Another thing: the code uses 'np.clip' to ensure the h values are within [0,1]. This is important to avoid out-of-bounds values.

Another potential improvement is to calculate the cross-correlation more efficiently. However, in Python, numpy's correlate is efficient enough for small n_points.

Another thing to note: the objective function returns the max of the cross-correlation multiplied by dx. This is correct because the integral over dx is (cross-correlation value / (n_points - 1)) * dx? Or not. Wait, the cross-correlation is computed as the full mode, which gives a result of length 2n-1. The max of this array is then multiplied by dx to get the integral. But I'm not sure about the exact scaling. However, the previous code uses this and it's part of the setup, so it's correct as per the problem statement.

In conclusion, the revised code increases the number of iterations and the perturbation scales, which should allow for better exploration of the search space and potentially find a better minimum.

But what if this doesn't help enough? Then perhaps trying a different approach, like using a different starting point. However, since the initial_h_values is provided, and we can't change that, it's difficult to find another starting point.

Another idea: use the previous best_h as the starting point for further optimizations. For example, after finding the best solution, optimize it further by using more iterations with smaller perturbations.

But the current code already does this by updating the initial_guess.

In any case, implementing the above changes should be a better approach.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    result = None
    
    for _ in range(25):  # Increased iteration count for better exploration
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Adaptive perturbation scale for exploration and refinement
        perturb_scale = np.random.uniform(0.05, 0.15)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, perturb_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(initial_guess + perturb, 0, 1)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 1000, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                initial_guess = best_h  # Refocus search on improved regions
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```