<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used an initial guess and then perturbations with SLSQP optimization. But the current best is around 0.381462, and the target is 0.380876. So my goal is to find a better solution.

Hmm, the previous approach might be getting stuck in local optima. Maybe I need a different optimization strategy. Let me think. The problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap integral when the function h is a step function with certain constraints. The overlap integral is calculated via convolution, which could be tricky to optimize directly.

I should consider alternative optimization methods. Maybe using a different solver or adjusting the algorithm. The previous code used SLSQP, but perhaps using a genetic algorithm or another metaheuristic would explore the search space more effectively. But since the budget is tight (100 seconds), I need something efficient.

Alternatively, maybe using a more structured approach. For example, the Erdős problem is related to covering and packing. The optimal h should spread out the 1s and 0s in a way that minimized overlap for any shift. Maybe using a periodic or symmetric pattern would help. For instance, if the function is symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], that might balance the overlaps.

Wait, the problem has a constraint that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So the area under h is 1. Since the interval is length 2, the average value of h is 0.5. So the function is a step function with value 0.5 on average. Maybe a piecewise constant function with certain intervals set to 0 or 1, such that the sum over each interval is 0.5. Or perhaps using a more complex structure with multiple steps.

But the initial solution is given as initial_h_values with n=45 points. The previous code used that as a starting point. Maybe I can try different initial points. But the user says to use initial_h_values if available. So I should start from that.

Another thought: the overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). Since the function is periodic in some sense, maybe there's a way to model this as a non-convex optimization problem, which could be challenging for standard solvers.

Alternatively, maybe using a coordinate descent approach, where each point is adjusted iteratively to reduce the maximum overlap. But how to implement that?

Another angle: The overlap for a given k is the integral over x where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. To minimize the maximum of this over all k, the function h should avoid being 1 in regions where h is also 1 shifted by k. So h should be designed such that whenever it's 1, the shifted version doesn't have too much 1 in the same area.

Maybe a way to model this is to ensure that the function h is spread out over the interval, with transitions between 0 and 1, avoiding overlaps. For instance, using a sinusoidal or wave-like pattern. But how to translate that into a step function?

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal h has a certain symmetry. For example, if we have a periodic pattern with period 2, which is the interval length. But the interval is [0,2], so maybe considering how h(x) and h(x +k) overlap.

But with the step function, maybe using a binary pattern, but with some fractional steps. Wait, the h is a step function, but each sample is discrete. So maybe the function is made up of intervals where it's 0 or 1, but since it's discretized, the values are sampled at n_points points.

Wait, the current approach uses SLSQP, but maybe switching to another method, like a basin-hopping or simulated annealing approach, could help escape local minima. However, those methods are more computationally intensive, but perhaps with a smart setup, they can find better solutions.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe using a penalty method that combines the overlap integral with the constraints. However, the previous code already does that with the constraints.

Wait, the previous code uses a perturbation approach with SLSQP. But maybe using a more global optimization approach, like genetic algorithms, could help. However, with the time constraint, genetic algorithms might be too slow. But perhaps with some early stopping and efficient selection, it's possible.

Alternatively, perhaps using a multi-start approach with different initial conditions. The user mentioned that the initial_h_values might be a starting point, but maybe generating other initial conditions by varying the initial pattern could lead to better results.

Let me think about the existing code. It starts with the initial guess, then does perturbations and optimizes. But maybe there's a way to get a better starting point. For example, generating a more optimal initial guess by using a pattern that's known to be good, like a periodic function.

For instance, if we divide the interval into segments and set the h values to 0.5, 1, 0.5, etc., in a way that spreads out the 1s. But the problem is that the sum must be n_points / 2. So for example, if the interval is divided into m equal parts, and h is set to 1 in half of them, and 0 in the others. But the exact structure might need fine-tuning.

Alternatively, maybe using a randomized approach where we randomly assign values to the h samples, ensuring the sum constraint is met. But that's likely to be too random and not effective.

Another thought: the maximum overlap integral is maximized over all shifts k. So the worst-case shift is the one that causes the highest overlap. If we can find a function h that balances these overlaps across all shifts, that would be optimal.

But how to model this? Maybe using a Fourier approach. The overlap integral is a convolution, which in the frequency domain is a product. However, since the function h is a step function, this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to binary optimization with constraints. Maybe using a binary integer programming approach. However, with n_points up to, say, 100, that might be too computationally intensive for the given budget.

Wait, the user's code uses n_points=45. Maybe using a larger n_points could give a better solution. But the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. However, the user says that for the previous code, n_points was 45. If I can find a better solution with the same n_points, that's better.

But maybe trying with more points can help. For example, using n_points=100, but if the code is too slow, maybe it's better to use a smaller n_points. However, the user's code has a time budget of 100 seconds. So, for a larger n_points, the problem becomes more complex, but perhaps using a more efficient optimization method.

Wait, the user's code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe switching to a different method, like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, which have different properties. Alternatively, using a different optimization strategy, like trust-constrained methods.

Alternatively, maybe using a multi-objective optimization where we try to minimize the maximum overlap, but the problem is a single-objective optimization.

Another approach is to use gradient-based optimization, but ensuring that the gradient is computed correctly. However, the previous code uses the objective function as the max of the correlation, which is a non-differentiable function. So, taking derivatives might be challenging. Maybe using a smoothed version of the max function.

Alternatively, using a different way to compute the max overlap. For example, instead of taking the maximum of all possible shifts, we can sample a set of shifts that are critical and try to minimize those. But this is an approximation and might not always work.

Alternatively, the current approach computes the correlation and takes the max. This is equivalent to the maximum of the integral over all k. So the code is correct in that aspect. But optimizing this directly might be difficult, as the max is a non-smooth function.

Hmm. So maybe the main issue with the previous code is that it's getting stuck in local minima. To address that, I can try using a different solver or a more global optimization method.

Wait, the user mentioned that the current code uses SLSQP with perturbations. But what if we try using a different optimization library, like using the optimization in scipy's minimize with different methods, or maybe even using a probabilistic method like simulated annealing with some clever settings.

Alternatively, maybe using a more aggressive approach with a different initial guess. For example, starting from the initial guess, but perturbing it more aggressively. Or using a different starting point altogether.

Another idea: the current code uses the initial_h_values, but perhaps there's a way to generate a better initial guess. For instance, generating a pattern that has a lower C5 value by constructing it from scratch. For example, using a periodic pattern where the function alternates between 1s and 0s, but with the average value 0.5.

For example, if the interval is split into intervals of length 1, then setting the function to 1 in the first half and 0 in the second half. But with a step function, this would have overlaps that could be high. However, if the function is more spread out, maybe with multiple transitions, that could reduce the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, perhaps using a sinusoidal-like function. For example, a sine wave that takes values between 0 and 1, but discretized into steps. However, the step function would have to be constructed to approximate that.

Alternatively, think about the Erdős problem's known results. I recall that the optimal C5 is between 0.38 and 0.39, and the current best is around 0.38. So, trying to approach that is the goal.

But how to get there? Maybe using a different optimization strategy. Let's think of the code again. The previous approach uses a loop where for each iteration, it perturbs the initial guess and runs SLSQP with a certain number of iterations. Perhaps that's not efficient enough.

Maybe using a more efficient optimization method, such as using the SLSQP method with more accurate settings. For example, adjusting the tolerance (ftol, xtol) to be smaller, allowing for more precise convergence. But that could take more time.

Alternatively, maybe using a different solver, like using the COBYLA method which handles bounds well. Or the Nelder-Mead simplex method, though it's not derivative-based.

Wait, the previous code is using the SLSQP method. Let me check the parameters. The options are {'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}. Maybe adjusting these parameters could help. For example, reducing maxiter or increasing ftol?

But with the current setup, the code is already doing multiple iterations with perturbations. Maybe the key is to find a method that converges faster and avoids local optima.

Another thought: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, the function h should have a certain structure that makes the overlap for all shifts as low as possible. Perhaps using a function that's as uniform as possible but still meets the integral constraint. For example, using a function that's 1 in certain regions and 0 in others, arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

But how to create such a function algorithmically? For instance, using a deterministic pattern like a specific tiling or repeating sequence.

Alternatively, considering that the interval is [0,2], maybe the function h is made up of several segments where it's 1, arranged so that the shift by 1.0 (half the interval) causes minimal overlap. For example, placing segments of 1s in non-overlapping positions when shifted by 1.0.

But I'm not sure. Let's try to think of a specific pattern. Suppose the function is 1 for 0.5 units, then 0 for 0.5, then 1 for 0.5, and so on. But this would have overlap when shifted by 0.5.

Alternatively, arranging the 1s in a way that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized. For example, using a staggered pattern. However, this is abstract and hard to translate into code.

Another angle: Maybe using the current initial guess and then applying a more sophisticated optimization. For example, using the results from the previous optimization to refine further. But the previous code already did that.

Alternatively, maybe trying to model the problem as a quadratic program. However, the objective function is non-convex, making it difficult for quadratic programming solvers.

Another idea: Since the overlap is the maximum over all k, we can try to find for each k, the integral, and aim to minimize the maximum. However, this is a non-convex optimization problem because of the max function. So, perhaps using a convex relaxation or other techniques.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate h functions, evolving them by mutation and crossover. Each individual is a vector of h values. The fitness function is the C5 value. The goal is to minimize it. This could potentially explore a wider search space.

But implementing a genetic algorithm in Python within the budget of 100 seconds might be challenging. For example, with a population size of 50 and multiple generations, each generation requiring evaluating 50 individuals, and each evaluation involving computing the correlation and max, it could be feasible.

However, the initial code uses SLSQP with perturbations. Which might be more efficient than a genetic algorithm. But if the genetic algorithm can find better solutions, it might be worth trying.

So, here's a plan for the new code:

1. Start with the initial guess (initial_h_values).
2. Use a genetic algorithm to evolve better solutions.
3. For each generation, evaluate the C5 value, select the best candidates for crossover and mutation.
4. Apply elitism to retain the best solution.
5. Continue until the time budget is reached.

But how to implement this efficiently?

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of perturbation and a more global search strategy. For example, after a few SLSQP iterations, randomly perturbing the solution and restarting the optimization.

But I need to code this within the constraints.

Another thought: The previous code uses 10 iterations, each with a perturbation and SLSQP optimization. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or varying the perturbation scale could help.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. For example, the COBYLA method which is suitable for bound constraints and doesn't require gradient information.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which requires gradients. However, the objective function is the maximum of a series of values. The gradient of the max function is non-smooth. So using numerical differentiation might be less accurate.

Maybe using a different approach to compute the gradient, but that's complicated.

Alternatively, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradients but is slower. But for a problem with 45 variables, it might be too slow.

Hmm. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code. For example, using a more aggressive perturbation, or changing the optimization method.

Another idea: Instead of using a fixed perturbation scale, maybe use a learning rate that decreases over time. Or use a different initial guess.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess by generating a random step function that meets the sum constraint. For example, randomly assigning 0 or 1 to the h values and adjusting to meet the sum constraint.

But generating such a function might take time. However, if the initial guess is better than the existing one, it could help.

Alternatively, using a more structured way to create the initial guess. For example, if the function is made up of equal segments of 1 and 0, but arranged in a way that shifts by certain values don't overlap.

But again, how to code that?

Let me think about the code again. The previous code has:

- A loop with 10 iterations
- Perturbs the initial guess by adding normal noise with varying scale
- Runs SLSQP with maxiter=500 and tight tolerances
- Updates the initial guess to the best found solution

But perhaps the number of iterations is too low. Maybe increasing the number of iterations, or varying the perturbation more, could lead to better results.

Another idea: Instead of perturbing the initial guess, use a different initial guess each time. For example, generate multiple different initial guesses (like random ones) and optimize each one, then pick the best result.

But generating random initial guesses would take time. However, given that the budget is 100 seconds, this might be feasible.

Alternatively, the code could use a combination of multiple optimization strategies: starting with the initial guess, then using SLSQP with perturbations, and also using other methods like simulated annealing in parallel.

But with the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, maybe using a different solver. For example, using the IPOPT solver if it's available. But the user's code uses scipy.optimize.minimize, which may not support IPOPT directly.

Wait, the user's code allows using any solver from scipy or other libraries. So maybe using a different method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a bounded optimization method.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with different parameters.

But perhaps the main issue is that the previous approach is too localized. Let me think of a different approach.

Another angle: Since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, perhaps using a penalized objective function that includes all integrals. For example, instead of taking the max, use a weighted sum of the integrals, but this would not directly minimize the maximum, but might lead to a good solution.

But this is just an approximation.

Alternatively, since the maximum is over all shifts, maybe we can find the shifts that are most critical and optimize for those. For example, for a given h, compute the integrals for a subset of k values that are likely to be high, and minimize those. But this is heuristic.

Another idea: Since the overlap integral for a shift k is ∫h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. Which can be rewritten as ∫_0^2 h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. So the maximum of this expression over k. But since the integral of h is 1, the overlap is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. Wait, no. Wait:

Wait the original overlap is ∫ [h(x) * (1 - h(x +k))] dx. Let's expand this:

= ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx.

But ∫ h(x) dx is 1, so the overlap is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx.

Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap is equivalent to maximizing the minimum value of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx over k. So, the problem becomes maximizing the minimum correlation between h and h shifted by k.

This is an intriguing observation. Maximizing the minimum correlation for any shift k. So, the current problem is to find h such that the minimal correlation between h and its shifts is as large as possible, thus minimizing the maximum overlap.

This might be a more tractable way to model the problem. But how to use this in optimization?

The objective now is to maximize the minimal ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx over k. So the original problem is equivalent to this. But how to optimize this?

This might not help directly in terms of algorithm, but perhaps gives a different way to think about the problem.

Another idea: the correlation for shift k is the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. For a periodic function with period T, this correlation could be related to the Fourier transform. But I'm not sure how to apply this directly.

Alternatively, considering that the integral ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx is the same as the convolution of h with itself, evaluated at k. Wait, convolution is ∫ h(x)h(y - x) dx, which is not exactly the same as the integral over k. But if we think of it as the cross-correlation.

But the overlap integral is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx, which is equal to 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. So maximizing the minimum of this integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx over k.

But how to find h that maximizes this minimum. It's still a non-convex optimization problem.

Another thought: if the function h is symmetric, then some shifts may be equivalent. For example, shifting by k and 2 -k might have similar properties. So maybe using a symmetric initial h could help.

But again, how to translate that into code.

Perhaps the key is to improve the optimization strategy. Let's go back to the previous code and try to enhance it.

The previous approach uses perturbations and SLSQP, but maybe using a more efficient search strategy. For example, using a basin-hopping approach, which randomly perturbs the solution and uses local optimization.

However, implementing basin-hopping in scipy is possible, but the user's code uses minimize. Let me think. Scipy.optimize has a basin_hopping function, but I'm not sure if it's available.

Alternatively, the code can be modified to use a more robust solver.

Another thing to consider: the initial code might not be exploring enough different regions of the solution space. For example, even if a good solution is found, pertubing with different scales and using more iterations might help find better solutions.

Alternatively, using multiple different initial points. For example, starting from the initial guess and also starting from a random guess, then taking the best of them.

But given the time, generating a new random initial guess might not be efficient.

Another idea: Since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution occurs when all overlaps are equal. That is, the maximum is the same for all shifts. This is a common scenario in optimization problems, where the optimal solution balances the competing objectives.

If this is the case, then the problem becomes finding h such that for all k, the integral is equal to some value, say, m, and then minimizing m. This would result in a balanced overlap for all shifts.

But how to find such a function h? It's a system of equations, which might be difficult to solve directly.

But this is an important observation. If we can find such a function, it's likely to be optimal. However, solving for this is challenging.

Given that, perhaps the previous code's approach is not yet able to find such a balanced solution. So, we need to find a way to push the solution towards such a balance.

Another way to think: the previous code's objective is to find the minimum of the max overlap. So, if during the optimization, we can find a solution where the max overlap is as low as possible and is achieved by multiple k values, then that might be the optimal solution.

But how to find it? It's hard to model.

So, returning to the original code. Let me think about the current code:

- Uses SLSQP with perturbations.
- Does 10 iterations, each time perturbing and optimizing.

Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or changing the perturbation scale could help. For example, using a larger number of iterations, say 20, or varying the perturbation scale more widely.

Alternatively, trying different solvers. For example, using the 'SLSQP' solver with different parameters, like increasing the maxiter or adjusting tolerances.

Another idea: The previous code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which returns a longer array. The maximum of this array multiplied by dx gives C5. But maybe the maximum occurs for certain k values, and we can target those during optimization.

For example, precompute the shifts k that are most critical (like k=1.0, 0.5, 0.33, etc.) and optimize the overlaps for those k specifically. This could reduce the number of parameters in the objective function.

But again, how to implement this.

Alternatively, in the objective function, we can choose to optimize for the top few k values that contribute to the max. For example, during the optimization, focus on the k that currently have the highest overlap.

But this requires monitoring the overlaps during the optimization, which could be done.

However, this might complicate the code further.

Another approach: Since the problem involves maximizing the minimum integral, maybe using a multi-objective optimization where we penalize the max overlap, but with prioritization for certain k.

But this is getting too abstract.

At this point, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code. Here's what I can do:

1. Increase the number of iterations in the loop to allow more exploration.
2. Use different perturbation scales and methods.
3. Use a more efficient optimization method.

For example, changing the optimize method to 'L-BFGS-B' or 'COBYLA' which might handle the problem better. Also, maybe adjusting the perturbation scale to be more effective.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For instance, generating a random initial guess that meets the sum constraint and using that for optimization.

But since the user says that 'initial_h_values' is available, I should use that.

Let me think about the code. Here's the current code structure:

- Start with initial_h_values.
- For each iteration, perturb it and optimize.
- Keep track of the best solution.

Perhaps in the new code, I can try using a different method. For example, instead of SLSQP, using a different method like 'Nelder-Mead'.

Alternatively, using the 'trust-constr' method which is available in scipy.optimize.minimize.

Another idea: The previous code has a fixed perturbation scale. Maybe varying the scale more drastically, such as starting with large perturbations and decreasing over time.

Alternatively, trying multiple starting points with different perturbations and taking the best.

But time is limited. Let's think of changes to the existing code that can be implemented quickly.

One possible improvement: increasing the number of iterations in the loop. For example, instead of 10, do 20 iterations. This would allow more exploration.

Another idea: using different perturbation scales for each iteration. For example, start with large perturbations and decrease over time, which is a common strategy in optimization to escape local optima early and fine-tune later.

So, modifying the code to have a perturbation scale that decreases over time.

Also, using a more efficient solver. For example, 'L-BFGS-B' which is designed for bounded problems and might converge faster.

Let me try to adjust the code accordingly.

Another possible change: in the previous code, the perturbed guess is created by adding random normal noise. Maybe instead, use a random walk or a random choice between 0 and 1 for some samples, to encourage more exploration.

Alternatively, using a different perturbation method, like random flipping of some samples, but ensuring the sum constraint is met.

But this might be more complex.

Overall, here's a plan for the new code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- In each iteration:
   - Perturb the current guess with different scales (large to small).
   - Use a different optimization method, such as 'L-BFGS-B' or 'trust-constr'.
   - Allow more iterations per optimization run.
   - Keep track of the best solution.
- Increase the number of iterations to allow more exploration.

Let's try to implement these changes in the code.

For example, in the code, changing the optimization method to 'L-BFGS-B', which is suitable for bounded variables. Also, adjusting the perturbation scale.

Additionally, using a different way to generate perturbations. For example, in each iteration, randomly select a subset of the points to perturb, ensuring the sum remains the same.

But implementing this could take time.

Alternatively, modifying the current code's perturbation to use a larger initial scale and then reduce it.

Let me try to code this. Here's a revised version of the previous code:

- Increase the number of iterations to 20.
- Perturb the guess with scales that start at 0.1 and decrease.
- Use the 'L-BFGS-B' method.
- Adjust the tuning parameters like maxiter and ftol.

This could potentially lead to better results.

Another idea: Use the 'trust-constr' method, which is more modern and might handle the problem better. It supports bounds and constraints, and uses a trust-region approach.

But reliable code for that would be needed.

In conclusion, the main changes I can make to the previous code are:

1. Increase the number of iterations.
2. Use a different optimization method (e.g., 'L-BFGS-B' or 'trust-constr').
3. Vary the perturbation scale over iterations.
4. Possibly adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithm.

Now, I need to write code that implements these changes efficiently within the time budget.

The code must return the best solution found within the 100s budget. Let's proceed to code.

Note that the code should not use any filesystem or network IO, and rely on the initial_h_values as provided.

Another point: the previous code uses the 'SLSQP' method with a fixed number of iterations. Switching to 'L-BFGS-B' might improve convergence speed and quality.

So the revised code would look like this:

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    import os
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    result = None
    
    # Use more iterations and varied perturbations
    for _ in range(20):  # Increased iterations
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Vary perturbation scale over time
        perturb_scale = np.random.uniform(0.05, 0.2)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, perturb_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(initial_guess + perturb, 0, 1)
        # Use L-BFGS-B method
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                initial_guess = best_h
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```

This code increases the number of iterations to 20, uses the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is suitable for bounded variables and might converge faster. Also, the perturbation scale is varied between 0.05 and 0.2, providing a range of perturbations.

But wait, the 'L-BFGS-B' method might not handle the equality constraint well. Alternatively, using the trust-constr method, which is more robust for constraints.

Alternatively, the code can use the 'SLSQP' method but with different parameters. For example:

    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=perturbed_guess,
        method='SLSQP',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 1000, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
    )

But increasing the maxiter could take more time. However, with the budget of 100 seconds, it might be feasible.

Finally, given the time constraints, trying to implement a code that uses SLSQP with more iterations and different perturbation scales may give a better result.

Another idea: adding a step where after finding a good solution, we refine it further by optimizing with small perturbations.

In conclusion, the revised code should implement these changes to explore the solution space more thoroughly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    import os
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    result = None
    
    # Use more iterations and vary perturbations with adaptive scales
    for _ in range(15):  # Festival of perturbation iterations
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Adaptive perturbation scale
        perturb_scale = np.random.uniform(0.02, 0.1)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, perturb_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(initial_guess + perturb, 0, 1)
        # Use trust-constrained optimization
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='trust-constr',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'gtol': 1e-9, 'verbose': 0}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                initial_guess = best_h
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```