<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a random perturbation approach with SLSQP optimization. But maybe that's not the best way. Let me think about different strategies.

First, the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is equivalent to minimizing the maximum value of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. The constraints are that h integrates to 1 over [0,2], and h(x) is between 0 and 1.

The current best known bound is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. So I need to find a better solution.

The initial approach uses a starting point, and then applies perturbations and optimization. But perhaps the optimization can be improved. Maybe using different optimization methods or better starting points.

Another idea is to use a more structured approach. Maybe using symmetry or periodicity. The interval [0,2] can be split into intervals where h is constant, leading to a piecewise constant function. But how?

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm or a more global search method. However, with the time budget, maybe a local search with better strategies could help.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. So maybe the initial guess is the critical factor. If we can find a better initial guess, that could help. But the initial guess is given as initial_h_values, which might be suboptimal.

Another thought: maybe the optimal h has a certain structure. For example, maybe the optimal h is a combination of intervals where it is 0 or 1, arranged in a way that minimizes the overlap. But how to model that?

Alternatively, perhaps using a greedy approach. Start with h being 1 over some interval and 0 elsewhere, but adjust it to balance the integrals and minimize the overlap.

But how to translate that into an algorithm?

Another approach is to model this as a continuous optimization problem and use more advanced solvers, but the previous code uses scipy.optimize, which might not be the best. However, the user can use different solvers, like CVXOPT, but I need to check if the problem can be cast in a way that allows for more efficient solving.

Alternatively, maybe using a gradient-based method with more iterations and better handling of constraints. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or varying the perturbation sizes could lead to better results.

Wait, the code runs 10 iterations with different perturbations, each time using SLSQP. But maybe that's not enough. Also, the perturbations are random, which might not be the best way to explore the space.

Another idea: instead of random perturbations, use a more systematic approach. For example, use coordinate descent, varying each point one at a time while keeping others fixed, and iteratively improving the solution.

Or perhaps use a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach, which is a global optimization method. However, implementing PSO might be more complex and time-consuming, especially within the 100s budget.

Alternatively, consider that the problem is similar to a covering problem, and use some heuristic to adjust the h function. For example, find regions where h is high and adjust neighboring points to reduce the overlap.

Wait, the overlap integral is the maximum over shifts k of the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)). So for each shift k, we want the integral to be as small as possible. The function h is a step function with n_points samples.

Another approach is to model this as an optimization problem with more structure. For instance, since the maximum is taken over all k, perhaps the optimal h is such that the overlaps for several key shifts are balanced.

But how to find those shifts? It's challenging.

Alternatively, consider that the optimal h should be such that the cross-correlation is minimized. So perhaps trying to make the cross-correlation as flat as possible, with no peaks.

An alternative method could be to use a more efficient optimizer. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which might handle the constraints better. But the problem is that SLSQP might already be suitable.

Wait, the previous code has a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerances could help. However, the code is already trying multiple perturbations, which may be helping.

Another thought: the problem is highly non-convex, so getting stuck in local minima is possible. So maybe starting with multiple initial guesses, not just the initial_h_values. For example, generating several different initial guesses based on different patterns and seeing which one leads to better results.

Alternatively, using a better initial guess. The initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but perhaps we can improve it through a different method.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given, but if that's not the best, maybe generating a different initial guess. For example, using a simple pattern that's known to be good, such as a uniform distribution or a periodic pattern.

Alternatively, if we can't use the initial_h_values, perhaps generating a random initial guess that satisfies the constraints. However, generating a good initial guess is tricky.

Another idea: instead of using a purely numerical optimization approach, perhaps use a functional approach. For example, considering that the optimal h is a step function with certain number of steps, and using a more mathematical way to approximate it.

But how to translate that into code?

Alternatively, perhaps use a binary search on the value of C5. For a given C5, can we find a h that satisfies the constraints and ensures that all overlaps are ≤ C5? If yes, then we can try to find the minimal such C5. However, solving this requires a way to check feasibility for a given C5, which may be possible with optimization.

This is similar to a semi-infinite optimization problem, but perhaps with the given constraints, it's challenging.

Another approach: since the overlap integral is the maximum over shifts, perhaps the worst-case shift for h is the one where the overlap is the largest. So, for the given h, we can compute the overlaps for several shifts and adjust h accordingly.

But how to model this in optimization? Maybe using a more aggressive optimization strategy that targets the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, use a method like simulated annealing, which is a probabilistic technique for approximating the global optimum of a function. However, simulating annealing requires careful tuning of parameters and might not be feasible within the time constraints.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code. Let's think about what changes could lead to better results.

The previous code uses a perturbation approach with random variations. But maybe increasing the number of iterations or varying the perturbation methods could lead to better results.

Also, the code uses the initial_guess as a starting point for each iteration. However, maybe using a different initial guess each time could help avoid local minima.

Another point: the current code uses the same initial_guess for all iterations, but maybe the best solution is found by varying the starting points more.

Alternatively, perhaps splitting the problem into multiple smaller optimizations. For example, optimizing for specific shifts first.

But again, not sure.

Let me think about the constraints again. The sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2, and each h[i] is in [0,1]. The objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values.

The cross-correlation for different shifts k can be computed as follows. For each shift, the integral is the sum over i, j of h[i] * (1 - h[j]) * dx^2, where j = i + k (mod n? Or linear indexing?).

But when using the 'full' mode in numpy.correlate, it's possible that for different shifts k, the overlap is computed over all possible shifts. However, the maximum of these values is the C5 we need to minimize.

So, for the optimization, we need to ensure that all shifts k are considered, but the maximum of them is minimized.

In the previous code, the objective function is the maximum of these values. So, the code is trying to minimize that maximum.

Now, the problem is to find h that makes this maximum as small as possible.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of optimizations, use a more adaptive approach. For example, during the optimization, if the maximum overlap decreases, continue optimizing. Also, perhaps using a line search for the perturbations.

Alternatively, using a different optimizer. For example, the code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a different method like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B could be more effective. But I need to check if that's possible.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, first using a global search method to find a good starting point, then using a local optimizer to refine it.

But again, time is limited.

Another point: the initial guess is given, but perhaps we can generate multiple initial guesses based on different patterns. For example, using a more uniform distribution or a pattern that's known to be good. However, how to generate those?

Alternatively, use a random initial guess that satisfies the constraints. For example, randomly assign values to h, ensuring that the sum is n_points / 2.

But how to do that? Well, generate a random array with sum equal to n_points / 2. This can be done by randomly assigning values between 0 and 1, then scaling them to meet the sum constraint.

But generating such an array would take some code.

Another thought: the initial_h_values may have a specific structure that's not optimal. So, perhaps using a different starting point could lead to better results. For example, using a random initial guess with the sum constraint.

However, the code is supposed to use the initial_h_values if available. But the user says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So perhaps the code should generate a different initial guess in case the initial_h_values are not good, but the code already uses the initial_h_values as the starting point.

Alternatively, the code could generate a new initial guess by perturbing the initial_h_values. But the previous code uses random perturbations each time.

Hmm. Maybe the issue is that the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations. Let me think about the code structure.

The previous code runs 10 iterations, each time perturbing the initial_guess and optimizing. The initial_guess starts as the initial_h_values. But after each successful optimization, the initial_guess is updated to the best solution found so far. This is a form of a gradient ascent approach, but using random perturbations.

But maybe this is not sufficient. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations, or varying the perturbation sizes, or combining with other strategies like random restarts.

Another idea: instead of using perturbations, use a different approach, such as gradient descent. However, the objective function is non-convex and has multiple local minima.

Alternatively, use a more sophisticated optimization method. For example, using the differential evolution algorithm, which is a global optimization method. But again, implementing that may require more code.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to tweak the existing code.

Let me think about possible changes:

1. Increase the number of iterations. The previous code runs 10 iterations, but maybe more would help.

But the code checks the time, and stops when the budget is reached. So perhaps increasing the number of iterations within the allowed time might help.

Wait, the code has a loop for 10 times, each time doing an optimization. But if each optimization takes some time, maybe reducing the number of iterations but making each one more effective could help.

Alternatively, using more aggressive perturbations.

Another thought: the perturbations are added to the initial_guess, but the initial_guess is updated each time. So, perhaps after a few successful iterations, the solution becomes better, and the perturbations should be smaller.

But the current code uses varying perturbations, with a random scale between 0.03 and 0.1. Maybe adjusting the scale could help. Perhaps using smaller steps later on.

Alternatively, using a different method for the optimization. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is suitable for box constraints.

But the code uses SLSQP, which might be better for equality constraints.

Alternatively, trying to use a different solver, like 'Nelder-Mead', but that might not handle constraints well.

Alternatively, the code could use a combination of methods. For example, starting with a random initial guess and then using SLSQP.

But again, time is limited.

Another idea: instead of applying perturbations each time, perhaps use a more systematic way of varying the parameters. For example, using a coordinate descent approach, where each parameter is adjusted one at a time to reduce the maximum overlap.

But how to implement that?

Alternatively, use a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the cross-correlation for all shifts and optimizing based on that.

But the current code already does that via np.correlate.

Another possible optimization: the cross-correlation is computed for all possible shifts. However, since h is a step function, some shifts could be more important. For example, shifts that correspond to the length of the interval where h is 1. But not sure.

In the end, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code. Let me think about what changes could be made.

First, in the previous code, the perturbation scale is between 0.03 and 0.1. Maybe using a smaller initial perturbation and gradually increasing it could help in exploring the space.

Alternatively, using a fixed perturbation scale but different perturbation directions.

Another idea: after each successful optimization, the initial_guess is updated to the best solution found so far. Maybe this is a good idea, as it allows the algorithm to build on previous results.

Another possible change: increasing the number of perturbations. For example, running more iterations with different perturbations.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for each perturbation. For example, using different methods like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B.

But again, this would require modifications to the code.

Alternatively, try using a different initial guess. For instance, if the initial_h_values are not good, generate a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint. But the code is supposed to use the initial_h_values if available.

But the initial_h_values are given, so the code uses that. However, if that's not good, perhaps generating another initial guess could help. But the user's code is supposed to use the initial_h_values, so I can't change that.

Another thought: the previous code uses the same initial_guess for all iterations. But each iteration could start from the best solution found so far, leading to a better convergence.

The current code does that: in each iteration, the initial_guess is the best solution from previous iterations.

So maybe the main issue is that the perturbations are too random and not sufficiently directed. Perhaps using a more targeted approach.

For example, instead of adding random perturbations, find the parameters that contribute most to the maximum overlap and adjust them. But how to determine which parameters?

Alternatively, compute the gradient of the objective function with respect to each h[i] and adjust accordingly.

But the objective function is the maximum over several terms, so the gradient may not be straightforward.

However, using a gradient descent approach with backtracking line search might be an option. But for the objective function which is the maximum of many terms, the gradient would be the gradient of the term that is currently the maximum. If we can compute that, we can proceed.

But computing the gradient of the maximum is challenging. However, during optimization, if we can determine which shift k gives the maximum value, then compute the gradient for that specific shift, and use it to update the h values.

This is similar to the approach used in training neural networks with max functions, where the backpropagation uses the gradient of the max term.

So, perhaps modifying the optimization to use gradient-based steps, where each step is in the direction that reduces the maximum overlap.

But modifying the code to do this would require computing the gradient for each shift and choosing the one with the highest value.

But how to implement this? Let's think.

At each step, the current maximum overlap is for some shift k. We compute the gradient of the overlap for this shift with respect to h, then adjust h to reduce this overlap. This would be a form of gradient descent.

But since the gradient for the maximum term is the gradient of that term, and others are zero (since they are not the max), this approach could work.

However, the code would need to compute which shift is the maximum, then compute the gradient for that shift, and then adjust the h values accordingly.

But how to compute the gradient of the overlap for a particular shift k?

The overlap integral for a particular shift k is ∫ h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. Assuming x is in [0,2], and the function is periodic? Or not. Let me think about the cross-correlation.

The cross-correlation here is for the full mode, which means that for each possible shift, the overlap is computed over the overlap between h and (1 - h). So, for each shift k, the overlapping region is different.

Assuming h is a step function with n_points samples, then for each shift k, the integral is the sum over i and j where i + j corresponds to the overlap. But this might be complex to model.

Alternatively, the cross-correlation can be approximated as a convolution, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, the gradient of the overlap for a particular shift k would be the derivative of the integral with respect to h, which is:

d/dh_i [∫ h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx] = integral over x where the shift corresponds to h_i.

But this requires knowing which x's are affected by h_i. Since h is a step function with dx = 2/n_points, each h[i] corresponds to x_i = i * dx. So, for a shift k, the integral would involve h[i] * (1 - h[j]), where j is such that x + k = x_j. But for finite samples, the exact calculation depends on the shift.

However, in the code, the cross-correlation is computed using numpy's correlate function, which for the full mode returns the result for all possible shifts. But to calculate the gradient for a particular shift, we need to determine how changing h[i] affects the overlap integral for that shift.

But implementing this would require more complex code.

Given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to focus on tweaks to the existing code.

Let me think about adjusting the perturbation methods. The previous code uses a random normal perturbation with varying scale. What if instead, the code uses a more systematic perturbation, like varying each parameter in turn?

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimizer. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is suitable for bounded variables. Maybe this could handle the constraints better.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is also suitable. Let me check if changing the method could improve results.

Another idea: use a smaller perturbation scale for later iterations to fine-tune the solution.

Alternatively, use a different tie-breaking in case of multiple local minima.

Another thing: the problem has a fixed number of variables (n_points), and the constraints are that the sum is fixed. So the code's constraint is already handled.

Another possible change: increasing the number of optimization iterations. The code runs 10 iterations, but maybe increasing it to, say, 20 or 30 could help.

But the budget is 100 seconds. If each iteration takes, say, 10 seconds, then 10 iterations is within the budget. If it takes longer, then increasing the number of iterations might be problematic.

Alternatively, the code could run more iterations, but with a smaller number of iterations per optimization.

Another thought: the code uses a fixed number of maxiter (500) in the optimization. What if reducing the maxiter to 100? Or increasing it to 1000? That might not be possible due to time constraints.

Alternatively, the code can try different parameters for the solver, such as changing the ftol and eps values.

Another possible adjustment: instead of using a random perturbation, use a different perturbation strategy. For example, the code could generate a perturbation that increases the overlap for some parts and decreases it for others, based on the current evaluation.

But again, without knowing which parts contribute most to the overlap, this is challenging.

In conclusion, given the time constraints, the best approach is to refine the existing code by increasing the number of iterations, adjusting the perturbation scale, and possibly using a different optimization method.

Here's the revised plan for the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Run more iterations with different perturbations, maybe 20 instead of 10.
3. Adjust the perturbation scale to be smaller initially and larger later.
4. Use a different solver, like 'L-BFGS-B', which is better for bounded variables.
5. Possibly increase the maxiter for each optimization to allow more refining.
6. Track the best solution found and return it.

But I need to make sure that these changes fit within the 100s budget.

Another thing: in the previous code, the initial_guess is updated to the best solution found so far, which could help the subsequent optimizations to find better solutions.

So, modifying the code to run more iterations with varying perturbations could help.

Now, to code this:

- Increase the number of iterations to 20.
- Use a different perturbation scale, perhaps starting with a larger scale and reducing it.
- Use a more efficient optimization method like 'L-BFGS-B' instead of 'SLSQP'.

But I need to check if 'L-BFGS-B' can be used with the constraints. The constraints are a single equality constraint (sum h = target_sum). So yes, it can be handled with 'L-BFGS-B' by providing bounds and the constraint.

However, the 'L-BFGS-B' method may not handle the equality constraint as effectively as 'SLSQP'. So perhaps it's better to use 'SLSQP' but with more iterations and better parameters.

Alternatively, using 'COBYLA' which is suitable for bounds and constraints.

But I need to find a way to adjust the code.

The previous code uses the 'SLSQP' method. Let me see what parameters are passed. The options include 'maxiter', 'ftol', and 'eps'.

Increasing 'maxiter' to 1000 may improve the result, but it's time-consuming.

Another idea: in the previous code, after each iteration, the initial_guess is updated to the best solution found so far. This allows the algorithm to build on previous results. If the code runs more iterations, it can explore more of the solution space.

So, the plan is:

- Increase the number of iterations from 10 to 20.
- Adjust perturbation scale to be larger in the first few iterations and smaller later.
- Use the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations and smaller epsilon.

But how to implement this in the code?

The code currently runs 10 iterations. Let me change that to 20, and vary the perturbation scale. Also, increase the 'maxiter' in the optimization.

But I also need to make sure that the code doesn't exceed the time budget.

Another possible optimization is to reduce the number of points. The previous code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values), and the initial_h_values is given as a 45-point array. However, the user says that smaller sequences (under 1k samples) are preferred. But since the initial_h_values is given with 45 points, it's already small.

Thus, the code can proceed with the same number of points.

Putting this together, the revised code would have more iterations, better perturbation strategies, and possibly better optimization parameters.

Now, considering all these points, I can proceed to write the code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    import os
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    result = None
    
    # Use more iterations and vary perturbations
    for _ in range(20):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Vary perturbation strength over iterations
        perturb_scale = np.random.uniform(0.01, 0.05)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, perturb_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(initial_guess + perturb, 0, 1)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 1000, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                initial_guess = best_h  # Use updated guess
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```