<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. So the goal is to find a better solution, even a small improvement. 

The user provided a previous code that uses SLSQP optimization starting from an initial guess. But they want a different approach. Hmm. Let me think about what could be done differently.

First, maybe the previous approach is too local. Using a single initial guess might lead to local minima. So perhaps using multiple starting points or different optimization methods could help. But how?

Another idea: maybe the problem structure can be exploited. The function to minimize is the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. So we need to design h such that the overlap is minimized for all shifts k. 

What if we consider the function h as a step function with certain periodicity or symmetry? For example, maybe a periodic pattern that repeats over the interval [0,2], which could balance the overlaps. Since the integral of h is 1, the function can't be too spread out. 

Wait, the interval is [0,2], and the integral is 1. So the average value is 0.5. So h(x) is like a probability distribution over [0,2], but with the constraint that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. 

Another thought: perhaps using a piecewise constant function with multiple segments. For example, splitting [0,2] into intervals where h is 1 or 0, but that might not be optimal. However, since the previous code uses a step function with samples, maybe adding more points could help, but the user wants fewer than 1k samples. The initial guess is n=45 samples. Maybe trying a higher n could improve the bound, but the problem mentions that smaller sequences are preferred. Wait, the user said "smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred - they are faster to optimize and evaluate." So maybe using a larger n would take more time, but perhaps the previous code is using n=45. However, the current best might be achieved with a larger n. But the previous code's run might have a fixed n.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given. Let me check: the user says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So the initial guess is probably a 45-point array. But maybe trying different numbers of points could be better. However, the user's code has n_points fixed as len(initial_h_values), which is 45. But maybe experimenting with different n_points could be better. However, given the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps trying a larger n is not feasible. So perhaps keeping n around 45-100 points is better.

Another approach: since the objective is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe we can model this as a constrained optimization problem with multiple constraints, but that's computationally expensive. However, the previous code uses a single constraint (sum h = 1) and minimizes the maximum of the cross-correlation. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a more sophisticated optimization method, like genetic algorithms or evolutionary strategies, which are better at exploring the search space. But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe combining multiple optimizers could help. Or perhaps using a Bayesian optimization approach to find better initial guesses.

Wait, the previous code uses perturbations and runs multiple optimizations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or using different perturbation methods could help. For example, instead of adding normal noise, maybe using a grid-based perturbation or random swaps.

Another idea: the cross-correlation can be rewritten as the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since the function is periodic over [0,2], but the shifts k can be any real number. However, in the discretized version, k is determined by the shift between samples. For example, when using the full mode of np.correlate, the shift k corresponds to different positions. But perhaps the maximum occurs for certain shifts, and we need to ensure that all those are minimized.

Alternatively, maybe using a gradient-based method with a different objective. Wait, the cross-correlation is the sum for all x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) multiplied by dx. So for each shift k, the integral is the sum of the product. Maybe we can model this as a problem where we need to minimize the maximum over these integrals.

Another thought: the problem resembles a covering problem. We need h(x) to be as non-overlapping as possible with its shifted versions. So maybe using a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that maximizes non-overlap. For example, a piecewise constant function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged periodically. However, since the integral must be 1, the total length of the intervals where h is 1 would be 1 (since integral over [0,2] is 1, and the average value is 0.5).

Wait, if h is 1 on an interval of length 1, then the integral is 1. So for example, a function that is 1 on [0,1] and 0 on [1,2], but then the overlap with shift k=1 would be 0.5. But this is probably not optimal. The Erdős problem's known upper bound is 0.38, so this is worse than that.

So maybe a more optimal pattern is needed. Perhaps a more complex arrangement of intervals where h is 1 and 0. For example, a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced out. But how?

Alternatively, consider using a binary function (h(x) ∈ {0,1}) that is as sparse as possible. But since the integral is 1, it would require that the total length of 1s is 1. For example, if we have a function that is 1 on a single interval of length 1, then as mentioned earlier, the overlap with a shift of 0.5 would be 0.5. But perhaps with a more complex pattern, the overlaps can be lower.

But the previous code uses a step function with samples, not necessarily binary. So the h(x) can take any values between 0 and 1. So maybe the optimal h(x) is a combination of different intervals with varying values.

Another idea: using a function with multiple "spikes" or regions where h is high, but spaced out so that when shifted, their overlaps are minimized. But how to model that?

Alternatively, think of the problem as a variational one. We need to minimize the maximum of ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx over all k. Let's denote this as max_k [∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx].

But since h is a probability distribution over [0,2], the integral is related to the probability that x is in A and x + k is not in A, for some set A. But I'm not sure how to proceed with this.

Alternatively, perhaps use a regularization approach. For instance, penalize the maximum overlap by adding a term to the objective function. However, since we need to minimize the maximum, this is tricky. Maybe approximate the max with a penalty. But that's not straightforward.

Another thought: the cross-correlation between h and 1-h is equivalent to the auto-correlation of h, but subtracted from the integral. Wait, let me think. The cross-correlation of h and (1 - h) is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So the maximum value of this over all k is what we need to minimize.

Alternatively, since the integral of h is 1, we can think about this in terms of the overlap between h and its shifted versions. Maybe using some symmetry or other properties.

Now, considering the previous code, which uses SLSQP with perturbations. Maybe to improve, we can use a more efficient optimization method, or use a different starting point. For example, instead of using the initial_h_values, start from a different construction. But the user says that initial_h_values is available, so we should use it. However, the problem states that we can explore other starting points. But if the initial construction is good, maybe starting from there is better.

Alternatively, perhaps use a different optimization method, like a stochastic approach such as simulated annealing. But with the time budget, it's important to be efficient. Also, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method, but perhaps for some cases, a different method could perform better.

Another idea: since the problem is non-convex, multiple local minima exist. So using multiple starting points could help. However, in the previous code, they do a few perturbations and run SLSQP each time. Maybe increasing the number of initializations or using a different perturbation strategy could help.

Alternatively, trying to model the problem with more constraints. For example, ensuring that the overlaps for certain k values are minimized by adding constraints. But adding too many constraints would make the optimization problem harder.

Another approach: since the function h is a step function with n_points samples, maybe use a more regular structure, such as a periodic function. For instance, if the function is built by repeating a pattern over [0,2], which could lead to symmetry in overlaps. For example, if the function is built from a base pattern that is repeated twice in [0,2], but that depends on the number of points.

But how to construct such a pattern? For example, using a sine wave or other function that has certain properties. However, the function must be piecewise constant (since it's represented by a step function). So maybe designing h(x) to have a certain number of intervals where it is 1 or 0, arranged periodically.

Wait, for example, if we have a function that is 1 for a duration of 0.5 in [0, 0.5], 0 in [0.5, 1], 1 in [1, 1.5], and 0 in [1.5, 2]. This would have an integral of 0.5*2 = 1, which satisfies the constraint. But what would be the overlaps? For shifts of 0.5, the overlap would be 0.25. But for shifts that align with the transitions, the overlaps could be higher. Not sure if this is optimal.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more complex pattern with multiple intervals. For example, splitting [0,2] into four equal parts and setting h(x) to 1 in two of them. But that would give an integral of 0.5 * 2 * 1 = 1 (assuming each interval is 0.5 long). But the overlaps would depend on the shifts. Not sure.

But how to translate this into a numerical approach? Maybe the previous code's approach is already trying to find such patterns through optimization. 

Maybe the key is to better structure the initial guess. For example, instead of starting with the initial_h_values, start with a different construction that could be better. But the user says that initial_h_values is the starting point, so we can use it. However, the user encourages trying different starting points. But how to generate those without using large literals? 

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values is already good, and the issue is with the optimization method. So changing the optimization parameters could help. For example, in the previous code, the SLSQP method is used with a certain number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could lead to a better minimum. However, the user's code already has a high maxiter of 200 and small ftol and eps. 

Another idea: the cross-correlation calculation can be expensive, so perhaps there's a way to reduce the evaluation cost. For example, precomputing certain values or using faster methods. However, with the given code, the evaluation is done via np.correlate, which is efficient enough.

Wait, what if the shift k is not in the full range? The cross-correlation in full mode gives all possible shifts. However, for the problem, we only need to consider shifts where the overlap integral is non-zero. But that's probably not helpful.

Another thought: the maximum correlation occurs at certain shifts. Maybe focusing the optimization on those specific shifts could be better. However, without knowing where they are, this is challenging.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum, perhaps the optimal h(x) makes all overlaps equal. That is, the maximum is the same for all shifts. This would be a very symmetric solution. If that can be achieved, then the value would be the minimum possible. But whether such a solution exists is unclear.

For example, if h(x) is a symmetric function around 1, then perhaps the overlaps are similar for different shifts. But again, without knowing the structure, it's hard to construct such a function.

Another approach is to use a more comprehensive search strategy. For example, using a genetic algorithm where each individual is a candidate h(x), and the fitness is the negative of the maximum correlation. This could explore the search space more thoroughly, but it's computationally intensive. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, maybe it's feasible for a small n_points.

But since the user's previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, perhaps combining it with a global search could help. However, implementing a genetic algorithm might be too time-consuming given the code constraints.

Alternatively, consider using a different optimization method like the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradients and might escape local minima better. Or maybe use a combination of methods.

Wait, the previous code uses the SLSQP method. Maybe changing the method to something else, like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, could yield better results. However, without testing, it's hard to say.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the initial guess with small noise, maybe use more systematic perturbations. For example, varying certain segments of the h function. But again, how to implement this within the code.

Alternatively, could we use a library like scikit-learn's genetic algorithm, but that might not be available. The user said to use scipy, numpy, cvxpy, etc. So perhaps using cvxpy for convex optimization, but the problem isn't convex.

Wait, the objective is to minimize the maximum of several functions (the cross-correlations). This is a convex optimization problem if the maximum is a convex function, but since the max of convex functions is convex, but the problem is to minimize it, which is a convex problem. However, the constraints are linear. So maybe using a convex optimization method could find the global minimum.

But how to model this? Let's see: The problem can be reformulated as minimizing t, subject to for all possible shifts k, ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx ≤ t. This is an infinite-dimensional optimization problem. But since we're working with a discretized version, we can approximate the constraints for discrete shifts.

Wait, in the discretized version, the shifts k would correspond to the positions between the samples. For example, with n_points samples, the shifts k can be 0, dx, 2dx, ..., up to (n_points-1)*dx. But the original problem requires considering all real shifts, but discretizing might be necessary. However, the previous code uses np.correlate in full mode, which considers shifts from - (n_points-1)*dx to (n_points-1)*dx. 

But even so, the problem is to find t such that all these cross-correlation integrals are ≤ t. However, the number of constraints is large. For n_points=45, there are about 45*2 = 90 shifts (but actual numbers depend on the full mode). For each shift, we have one constraint. But with the previous code, it's using a single constraint (max of the cross-correlation), which is equivalent to optimizing the single maximum value. 

But to model this as a convex optimization problem, we would need to have all the cross-correlation integrals ≤ t, and then minimize t. However, the number of constraints is large, which makes it computationally expensive. For example, with 45 points, the number of shifts is O(2n_points), leading to about 90 constraints. For n_points=45, that's manageable, but for a larger n_points, it becomes more complex.

So maybe using a convex optimization approach with CVXOPT or another solver could work. Let me think. The problem is: minimize t such that for all k, the cross-correlation value for shift k is ≤ t. But how to express this in code?

For each k, the cross-correlation integral is the sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) * dx. But with the discretized approach, this can be computed as the dot product between h and (1 - h) shifted by k. However, for each k, this is a single constraint. So the problem becomes a convex optimization problem with many constraints, which can be solved with an LP or QP.

But how to model this in CVXOPT? For example, using the equality constraint sum h = target_sum, and the inequality constraints that for each k, the cross-correlation integral for that shift is ≤ t. Then, the objective is to minimize t.

But the number of constraints could be large. For n_points=45, there are about 90 shifts to consider, which is manageable. However, the problem is that the cross-correlation integrals for each shift are nonlinear functions of h. Since h is a vector of variables between 0 and 1, and the cross-correlation depends on the positions of h and 1 - h.

Wait, for each shift k, the cross-correlation is a dot product between the current h and a shifted version of (1 - h). But since the shift k could be any value, but in the discretized case, we're considering the full correlation, which might not capture all possible shifts. However, the maximum could occur at some of the discretized shifts.

But even so, the problem is that for each shift k, the cross-correlation is a nonlinear function of h. So it's not a linear or convex problem anymore. Therefore, it's challenging to model this with standard convex optimization techniques.

So perhaps the previous approach using SLSQP is the most feasible. But to improve it, perhaps:

1. Use a better starting point. Maybe the initial_h_values is not the best. If the user allows different starting points, but the initial_h_values is provided, but in the code, we need to use it. However, the user says that if no parent construction, create a starting vector. So if the initial_h_values is not available, we can create our own. But in this case, initial_h_values is available, and we should use it.

2. Use a different optimization method. For example, instead of SLSQP, use the SPSA algorithm or another derivative-free method. But I'm not sure how to implement that quickly.

3. Increase the number of iterations or adjust the optimization parameters to find a better minimum.

Alternatively, perhaps using a multi-step optimization process: first find a good initial guess, then refine it with more precise steps.

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is a measure of overlap, maybe the optimal h(x) is as "spread out" as possible. For example, if h(x) is a smooth function that transitions between 0 and 1 in such a way that its shifted versions overlap as little as possible.

But how to design such a function algorithmically? It's not straightforward.

Another thought: perhaps using a function that is 1 on certain intervals, but with a certain spacing between them. For instance, if the function is 1 for intervals of length a, spaced at intervals of b, such that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. But this requires solving for a and b that meet the integral constraint and minimize the overlap.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to model.

Back to code. The user's current code uses a loop with 10 perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a more diverse set of perturbations could help. Also, changing the perturbation magnitude or method.

For example, instead of adding Gaussian noise with mean 0 and small std, perhaps using a random walk or other method to perturb the guess. Or perhaps using a combination of permutations and other operations.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimizer. The previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe trying a different method like L-BFGS-B, which is a bounded optimization method. Or using the COBYLA method. Or even the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradients.

But how to implement this quickly? The code would need to call optimize.minimize with different methods and see which gives better results.

Also, the code could use a more sophisticated stopping criterion. For example, checking if the current best is improving and stopping when no significant improvement is observed.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (200). Maybe increasing that, but it's a trade-off between computation time and potential improvement.

Another idea: for each iteration, after finding a new candidate solution, evaluate all the cross-correlation integrals and see which one is the maximum. Then, adjust the optimization to focus more on reducing that particular maximum. But this would require more complex optimization techniques, like gradient descent with a focus on the worst constraint.

Alternatively, using an augmented Lagrangian method that incorporates the constraints more effectively.

But again, implementing this within the code constraints is challenging.

Another possible improvement: since the cross-correlation is a sum of products, maybe using a more efficient way to compute it. However, the current code already uses np.correlate, which is optimized in C, so this is probably the fastest possible.

So considering all this, perhaps the best way to proceed is to:

- Use the same initial guess (initial_h_values) but with more extensive optimization steps.

- Try different optimization methods.

- Maybe use a combination of perturbation and different optimization strategies.

In code, this would involve modifying the previous approach by:

1. Trying different optimization methods (e.g., L-BFGS-B, COBYLA, etc.)

2. Increasing the number of iterations.

3. Using different perturbation strategies, such as not just adding Gaussian noise but also swapping values or other operations.

However, given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing method by adjusting parameters and using a more effective optimizer.

Another idea: since the initial guess is already a good starting point, maybe perform a few more iterations of optimization with slight perturbations. The previous code does 10 perturbations. Perhaps increasing this to 30 or more, but this depends on the time budget.

Alternatively, use the initial guess as the starting point, then perform a few optimization steps with different methods.

In the code, the user can try using different optimization methods. For example, in the previous code, the method is 'SLSQP'. Maybe trying 'L-BFGS-B' or 'Nelder-Mead' could yield better results.

Another thought: the current code uses the same initial guess for all perturbations. Perhaps using a different initial guess for each iteration, such as a random perturbation around the current best solution.

But how to implement this in code efficiently?

In any case, modifying the previous code to try different optimization methods and parameters may lead to a better result.

Another possibility is to use a global optimization method like differential evolution, which is available in scipy.optimize. This method is more likely to find a good solution by exploring the search space more thoroughly. Let's see: the differential evolution method can be used with bounds and constraints. But it's important to check if it's feasible within the time budget.

Differential evolution might be slower than SLSQP, but for a small number of variables (like n_points=45), it could be manageable. However, the user's previous code uses SLSQP with 10 perturbations, and the time budget is 100 seconds. So with differential evolution, perhaps a few iterations could be done.

But integrating differential evolution into the code would require changing the optimization method. Let me check the scipy.optimize.differential_evolution function. It can handle bounds and has a constraint handling via the constraints parameter, but it's more suited for unconstrained problems. However, the constraint sum h = 1 is an equality constraint, which can be handled by adding it explicitly.

But differential evolution may not be the best for constrained problems. An alternative is to use a constrained optimization method like SLSQP, but with more iterations.

In any case, given the time constraints, trying a different optimization method might help.

So, considering all these possibilities, the plan is to:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.

- Use the SLSQP method with more iterations or different parameters.

- Try a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, to explore the search space more thoroughly.

- Use multiple perturbations to avoid local optima.

But since the user's previous code is using SLSQP, maybe trying to enhance that.

Another thing to note: the previous code clips the perturbed guess to [0,1], which is correct.

Another possible adjustment: in the previous code, after finding a better solution, it sets initial_guess to best_h. This allows for a gradual refinement. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or the number of perturbations would help.

In the previous code, the loop runs for 10 iterations. Maybe increasing this to 30 or so, while keeping track of time.

So, modifying the code to run more iterations, perhaps with different perturbation strategies.

Alternatively, use a different perturbation strategy. For example, instead of adding Gaussian noise, use a random swap where some values are increased and others decreased, maintaining the sum constraint.

But generating such swaps may be computationally intensive.

Given the time constraints, it might be best to proceed with refining the existing code by adjusting the number of iterations and trying different optimization methods.

So, here's a possible revised plan for the code:

- Start with initial_h_values.

- Run multiple iterations of optimization with different methods.

- In each iteration, perturb the current best guess and perform optimization.

- Use the best solution found so far.

- Track the maximum overlap and return the best result.

Another thing: the current objective function returns the maximum value of the cross-correlation, which is what we want to minimize. So the optimization is correct.

In the previous code, the 'perturb' is added as noise to the initial guess. However, the initial guess may be too close to the local minimum. Using a different method to generate perturbations could lead to better exploration.

Alternatively, perhaps use a random subset of the samples and perturb them, ensuring that the sum remains the same.

But how to implement this in code? For example, selecting some indices and adjusting their values, while maintaining the total sum.

Another approach is to use a greedy method where each step selects a sample and adjusts it to reduce the overlap. But this is more like a local search and might not be effective.

In summary, given the time and the code constraints, the best approach is to refine the existing optimization method by:

- Using more iterations.

- Trying different optimization methods.

- Using different perturbation strategies.

But due to the code's length limit and the need to generate a concise code block, the best way is to modify the existing code by increasing the number of perturbations and experimentation with different optimization methods.

So the final code would involve:

- Using the initial_h_values.

- Perturbing with different methods.

- Using SLSQP with adjusted parameters.

- Running for more iterations.

Alternatively, using the differential evolution method with a few generations.

But given the time, the previous code's approach may be the most feasible, but with some refinements.

Also, considering that the user's target is to beat 0.380876, perhaps using a higher number of perturbations and iterations would help.

So, the final code would be similar to the previous one, but with more iterations and possibly different settings.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    # Run multiple optimizations with varied perturbations
    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Perturb with varied noise
        perturb = np.random.uniform(-0.1, 0.1, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(initial_guess + perturb, 0, 1)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'gtol': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                initial_guess = best_h
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```