<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the goal is to get below 0.3807. The previous approach used a step function with 200 points and some optimization with SLSQP and L-BFGS-B. But that result was 0.3815, which is still higher than the target. 

First, I should understand what the problem is really asking. The overlap integral is the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, for each shift k, we compute the overlap where h is 1 and 1 - h is 1, which would be where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. The goal is to minimize the maximum of these overlaps. 

The previous code used a stochastic optimization approach with some randomness and constraints. However, maybe that's not the most effective way. Since the problem is non-convex and has a lot of local minima, getting stuck in a suboptimal solution is possible. 

Perhaps a better approach is to use a different optimization method or structure. Maybe using a more systematic search, like a genetic algorithm, or some kind of pattern-based construction. Alternatively, maybe using a different kind of function, such as piecewise constant with certain symmetries or properties that reduce the maximum overlap.

Another thought: the current approach starts with an initial guess of a step function. Maybe there's a better initial guess. For example, using a more optimal distribution of the 1s and 0s in h. Like, arranging the function to have certain intervals where it's 1 and others where it's 0, but in a way that minimizes the maximum overlap over shifts. 

Wait, the problem is similar to a covering problem. For each shift k, the overlap integral is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. To minimize the maximum of these, we need h such that for as many shifts as possible, the overlap is small. 

But how to model this? The key is to find a function h with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum of these integrals. 

Given that the previous method used a 200-point discretization, maybe trying a higher resolution could help, but the time budget is tight. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe 200 is okay, but perhaps trying a different number of points could be beneficial. 

Alternatively, maybe using a different approach than the previous one. For instance, instead of using SLSQP, perhaps using a gradient-based method with more effective objectives, or even a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the search space more efficiently. 

Another idea: since the problem is non-convex, maybe using a convex relaxation. However, the exact objective is non-convex, so any relaxation would have to be carefully considered. For example, maybe approximating the max with an exponential function, as the previous code did with the log-sum-exp trick. That could help in convex optimization. 

Wait, the previous code used an approximate objective function (log-sum-exp) to make the problem convex. That's a common trick to approximate the max function with a smooth convex function, which can then be minimized using convex optimization solvers. But the problem is that the true objective is non-convex, and the relaxation might not find the global minimum. However, perhaps using a better approximation or a different convex relaxation could help. 

Another angle: considering that the overlap integral for a given k is the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). If we denote the function h as a density, then for each k, this is the expectation of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) over x. 

To minimize the maximum of these over k, one might look for h that is as "balanced" as possible in terms of overlapping with itself at different shifts. Maybe using a function with certain symmetries or periodicity. 

For example, a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged such that shifting it by any k doesn't result in a large overlap. For instance, a function with three equal blocks where h is 1 for a third of the interval, then 0, then 1, etc. But since the integral must be 1, the total length of h(x) being 1 should be 1. So, if the interval is [0, 2], the function h should be 1 for regions whose total length is 1. 

But how to arrange these regions? Suppose we have a periodic pattern. For instance, using a function that is 1 on intervals spaced in such a way that when shifted, the overlapping regions are small. 

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated pattern, like a sinusoidal function, but clamped to [0,1]. However, such functions might have more complex overlaps. 

But since the problem requires a step function (discretized into points), maybe focusing on piecewise constant functions with certain periodic or symmetric properties. 

Let me think about the previous code's initial guess. It starts with h[i] = 1 for the first n_points//6 points, then scales it to have integral 1. That's a very basic construction, perhaps leading to suboptimal results. 

So, maybe the initial guess could be better. For instance, using a more optimal initial step function. 

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of points, try using a different number of points. For example, n_points could be 400, but that might take longer. However, the time budget is 600 seconds. So perhaps with a more efficient optimization method, n_points can be increased. 

But given that the previous code used 200 points and had a C₅ of 0.3815, perhaps trying a different number of points, say 300, might be better. However, the user prefers smaller sequences. So maybe sticking to 200 or 400 is better. 

Alternatively, using a different optimization strategy. For example, using a genetic algorithm to evolve the h values. However, this might be computationally intensive unless optimized. 

But the problem is that the user wants the code to run within 600 seconds. So maybe the previous approach can be improved by using a better objective function or by modifying the optimization parameters. 

Another thought: in the previous code, they used an approximate objective with log-sum-exp, which could be more efficient. Perhaps adjusting the parameters of that approximation could yield better results. 

Alternatively, using a different relaxation technique, but I'm not sure. 

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum of the overlaps, so the exact objective is a non-convex function. Convex optimization solvers might not be suitable unless we can find a convex relaxation. However, the previous code's approach with log-sum-exp is an approximation. Maybe using a different approximation method could lead to better results. 

Alternatively, maybe using a different solver. The previous code used SLSQP and L-BFGS-B. What about using a more robust solver like COBYLA or others that can handle constraints better? 

But the user mentioned that the code can use any of the solvers in scipy.optimize. Perhaps switching to a different method, like Nelder-Mead, but that might not be as efficient for high-dimensional problems. 

Alternatively, maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach with a surrogate model to guide the search. 

But implementing that from scratch would require more code. 

Another idea: instead of optimizing over all h values, maybe using a greedy approach where at each step, adjust the h values to reduce the maximum overlap. However, greedy methods might not converge to the global minimum. 

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with a better objective. 

The previous code's exact_objective is the actual objective function. The approximate objective used in the optimization is the log-sum-exp, which is a smooth approximation of the maximum. When the approximation parameter alpha is increased, the approximate objective becomes closer to the exact one. However, for very high alpha, the optimization might become numerically unstable. 

In the previous code, alpha is set to 1000. Maybe adjusting this hyperparameter could help. For example, starting with a low alpha and gradually increasing it during the optimization process. 

So, perhaps the strategy is to use the log-sum-exp approximation with a varying alpha parameter to balance between exploration and exploitation. 

Moreover, the previous code used a combination of SLSQP and L-BFGS-B. Maybe using a different optimization method, or integrating multiple methods, could lead to better results. 

Another aspect is the initial guess. The initial guess in the previous code was a simple step function. Maybe a better initial guess could be constructed by considering known optimal patterns or by using a more informed starting point. 

For example, if we can find a pattern where the function h is such that for any shift k, the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) is minimized. 

This is similar to a code design in information theory, where you want the code to have minimal overlap with itself. Maybe using a binary sequence with certain properties, like a de Bruijn sequence or a sequence with minimal autocorrelation. 

But since we're working with a continuous function discretized into points, perhaps using a binary sequence (i.e., h is either 0 or 1) could be a good starting point. However, in the problem, h is a step function that can take values in [0,1], so it's not restricted to binary. 

But maybe a binary step function is a good initial guess. 

Alternatively, using a ternary or higher-level step function, but that complicates things. 

Another idea is to use a function that is 1 in regions that are as far apart as possible from each other. For instance, placing the 1s in h in non-overlapping intervals. But since the integral must be 1, the total length of the 1s is 1. So, if we divide the [0,2] interval into three equal parts of length 2/3, but that seems inefficient. 

Alternatively, placing the 1s in two separate intervals, but their sum is 1. Wait, the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, so the total length of the regions where h is 1 is 1. 

For example, suppose h is 1 on an interval of length 1, and 0 elsewhere. Then, for any shift k, the overlap integral would be the overlap between this interval and the interval shifted by k. The maximum overlap occurs when the shift is such that the intervals overlap maximally. For instance, if the original interval is [a, a + 1], then the overlap with [a + k, a + k + 1] depends on k. The maximum overlap is 1 when k is such that the intervals are completely overlapped. 

But this is a single interval, so the maximum overlap would be 1/2, leading to C5 of 0.5. Which is worse than the current best. 

So perhaps the optimal function has multiple regions where h is 1, arranged such that their shifts do not produce large overlaps. 

In that case, maybe a better initial guess is a function with multiple intervals of h being 1, spaced in such a way to minimize the maximum overlap. 

But how to construct such a function? For example, using a function with three intervals of length 1/3 each. Then, the total integral is 1. Arranged such that each interval is spaced to minimize overlap when shifted. 

Alternatively, using a function with two intervals of length 0.5 each, spaced apart so that their shifts don't overlap much. 

But this is just brainstorming. Perhaps the initial guess can be improved by using a more sophisticated pattern. 

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of the overlaps, maybe focusing on the worst-case shifts. For example, for a given function h, compute the overlaps for a few critical shifts and try to minimize those. 

But how to identify the critical shifts? It's challenging. 

Alternatively, using a different optimization strategy that targets specific critical shifts. 

But this might not be straightforward. 

Back to the previous code. The initial guess was a step function with 1s in the first 1/6 of the points. But maybe starting with a more balanced initial guess. 

In the previous code, the initial h was constructed by setting h[i] = 1 for i % (n_points // 2) < n_points // 6, which gives 1/3rd of the points as 1s. But since n_points is 200, n_points//6 is 33, so 33 points are set to 1. Then scaled to have total sum 100 (since target_sum is n_points / 2 = 100). 

Wait, sum(h_initial) = 33, so after scaling by 100/33, each of those 33 points becomes 100/33 ≈ 3.03, but the h is supposed to be clamped to [0,1]. Wait, that doesn't make sense. Wait, the code's initial construction is:

if initial_h_values is not None:
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=np.float64)
else:
    h = np.zeros(n_points)
    for i in range(n_points):
        if i % (n_points // 2) < n_points // 6:
            h[i] = 1.0
    h = h * (target_sum / np.sum(h))

Wait, the sum of the initial h (before scaling) is the number of 1s, which is n_points // 6 = 33. So target_sum is 100 (since n_points is 200, target_sum is 200 / 2 = 100). So the initial h is multiplied by (100 / 33) ≈ 3.03, which would make the sum of h be 100. However, since the h is clamped to 0 and 1, this would set the 1s to 3.03? Wait, no, that's impossible because h[i] cannot exceed 1. 

Wait, there's a mistake here. The code has a line:

h = h * (target_sum / np.sum(h))

But after setting h[i] = 1.0 for some indices, then scaling this to make the sum equal to target_sum. However, if the initial sum of h is 33, multiplying by 100/33 would make the sum 100, but each h[i] would be 1.0 * (100/33), which is around 3.03. That's not allowed because h[i] must be in [0,1]. So this seems incorrect. 

Ah, that's a big mistake. The code is trying to scale the initial h to have sum 100, but by multiplying the values by (target_sum / sum(h)), which would increase their values beyond 1. The correct approach would be to set the values such that the total sum is target_sum, but each h[i] is between 0 and 1. 

Wait, maybe the initial code is incorrect? Or perhaps the code has a typo. 

For example, if the initial h has some 1s and others 0s, then to make the sum equal to target_sum, which is 100, we need to set the number of 1s to 100. Wait, but with n_points = 200, target_sum is 100. So if the initial h has x ones and the rest zeros, then the sum is x. To scale it to 100, we can set h[i] = 100 / x for the ones, but that would make each of them 100/x, which would exceed 1 if x < 100. 

Thus, this approach is invalid. The code has a bug here. This explains why the initial code may not be correct. 

This is a critical error. The code's initial construction is flawed, leading to h values exceeding 1. 

So, perhaps this is why the previous approach didn't reach the target. The initial guess is invalid, which leads to incorrect optimization steps. 

To fix this, the initial h should be a binary vector (0 or 1) with exactly 100 ones (since target_sum is 100). However, with n_points=200, this would mean h is a binary array with 100 ones and 100 zeros. Then, the code could start with this valid initial guess. 

But the initial code as presented doesn't do that. It sets some positions to 1, computes sum(h), and then scales the values to make the sum equal to target_sum. This would make values larger than 1. 

So, this is a mistake. The initial guess needs to be a valid step function (values in [0,1]) with sum exactly target_sum. 

Thus, the initial code's approach for generating h is wrong. Instead, the correct way would be to create a binary vector with 100 ones. For example, setting 100 positions to 1 and the rest to 0. 

But this would be a valid initial guess, with sum 100. Then, during optimization, the function can be adjusted to have non-binary values. 

So, perhaps the initial guess should be a binary vector with exactly 100 ones. 

This brings up a key point: the initial guess must satisfy the constraints. If the previous code's initial guess is invalid, that would lead to poor optimization. 

Thus, improving the initial guess by ensuring that it is valid (values in [0,1] and sum equals target_sum) is crucial. 

Therefore, in the new strategy, the initial guess should be a valid one. For example, start with a binary vector of 100 ones and 100 zeros, arranged in a way that might help minimize overlaps. 

But how to arrange these ones? For instance, placing the 1s in a staggered pattern to minimize overlap. 

Possible initial guesses could be:

1. Alternating 1s and 0s in a periodic pattern. For example, 1 for 0 ≤ x < 1, 0 for 1 ≤ x < 2. But this is similar to the previous approach and might not be optimal. 

2. Placing the 1s in non-overlapping intervals. For example, two intervals each of length 1, but that would require placing them in non-overlapping areas. However, since the total length is 1, this might not work. 

Wait, total length of 1s is 1. So, if h is a binary function, then the total length of 1s is 1. For example, if n_points=200, and dx=0.01, then the sum of h is 100. But each h[i] is 0 or 1. 

Wait, the sum of h is sum(h) * dx = 1. So sum(h) = n_points / 2. Since dx is 2.0 / n_points, then sum(h) must be n_points / 2. If the initial guess is binary with 100 ones and 100 zeros, then sum(h) * dx = 100 * dx = 100 * (2/n_points) = 100 * (2/200) = 1. So that's correct. 

So, the initial guess for h should be a binary array with exactly 100 ones. 

But the previous code's initial guess was incorrect and led to h values exceeding 1. So, this needs to be fixed. 

Thus, the first step is to reconstruct the initial guess properly. 

Once the initial guess is valid, the optimization can proceed. 

Another thought: perhaps the initial guess is a binary vector with the 1s arranged to minimize overlaps. For instance, placing them in a way that when shifted, the overlapping regions are small. 

For example, placing the 1s in blocks of size 1/3 each, spaced apart. 

But how to construct that? For n_points=200, dx=0.01, the total length of 1s is 1.0. 

Alternatively, using a binary sequence with a periodic pattern that minimizes autocorrelation. 

For example, using a de Bruijn sequence of order 3 on 2 symbols, but I'm not sure. 

Alternatively, using a random binary sequence with 100 ones and 100 zeros. But that may not be optimal. 

But to create a better initial guess, perhaps we can use a known optimal pattern for similar problems. For instance, in signal processing, a binary sequence with minimal autocorrelation is used. 

For example, the Barker codes, which have minimal autocorrelation, are spreads out. However, these are specific to certain lengths. 

Alternatively, using a binary sequence where the 1s are uniformly distributed across the interval. 

But how to construct that? 

Maybe using a random binary sequence with 100 ones and 100 zeros, then adjusting it. However, this is not deterministic. 

But in the code, the initial guess is generated using some pattern. Perhaps instead of using a fixed pattern, generating a better initial guess would help. 

So, the first step is to correct the initial guess. Then, perhaps use a better initial pattern. 

With that in mind, the new strategy could involve:

1. Creating a valid initial guess (binary with 100 ones and 100 zeros) that may help in the optimization.

2. Using an optimization method that can find a better local minimum.

But the previous approach used SLSQP and L-BFGS-B with some noise injection. Maybe adjusting these parameters or using a different method could help. 

Another idea: instead of using a stochastic optimization approach, use a deterministic one with a better initial guess. 

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: first optimizing with a certain approach, then switching to another. 

Moreover, the problem is non-convex, so the initialization is very important. 

Another thing to consider: the evaluation of the overlap integral for all lags is expensive. So, in the previous code, when evaluating the objective function, it computed the full correlation and took the max. To optimize, maybe focusing on the most critical lags, or approximating the maximum. 

But since the exact evaluator is needed for the final check, it's important to accurately evaluate the max overlap. 

In the previous code, the exact_objective function computes the max of the correlations. 

Thus, the plan is to:

- Correct the initial guess to be a valid step function (binary with sum 100).

- Use an optimization method that can find a better minimum. 

- Possibly use multiple initial guesses or vary parameters to avoid local minima. 

Another approach could be to use a genetic algorithm, where each candidate is a vector of h values, and the fitness function is the C5 value. Then, evolve the candidates over generations. 

But the time budget may not allow for a full genetic algorithm. 

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method with better hyperparameters. 

Another point: the previous code used a different objective function (approximate) and the exact one. The exact objective is used for checking, but the approximate objective is used for optimization. 

So, in the new strategy, perhaps using a better approximation or using the exact objective in the optimization process, but that might be difficult because of the non-convexity. 

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first perform a rough optimization with the approximate objective, then fine-tune with the exact objective. 

But again, this depends on the solver's capabilities. 

In addition, the code should ensure that the h values are always within [0,1] and that the sum is exactly target_sum. 

Thus, the helper functions must ensure that during optimization, the constraints are maintained. 

To summarize, the new strategy could involve:

1. Correcting the initial guess to a valid binary vector with sum 100.

2. Using an optimized objective function that approximates the max overlap, allowing for easier optimization.

3. Employing a more efficient optimization algorithm that can handle the constraints and find a better minimum.

4. Possibly using multiple starting points or varying the initial guess to avoid local optima.

5. Incorporating a way to check the feasibility of the solution and ensure that the constraints are met throughout the optimization process.

Now, to translate this into a concrete implementation plan:

The initial guess should be a binary vector with exactly 100 ones and 100 zeros. This can be generated by randomly selecting positions, or using a more structured pattern. 

For example, the initial guess could be a binary vector where the first 50 positions are 1s and the next 150 are 0s. But this may not be optimal. Alternatively, using a more staggered pattern. 

But since the initial guess is only for the initial steps, it's better to have a valid starting point. 

Once the initial guess is valid, the optimization can proceed with the objective function. 

The objective function is the maximum of the correlations, which is non-convex. To approximate this, the previous code used a log-sum-exp function. 

The new approach could use this method, but with adjusted hyperparameters or a different approximation. 

Moreover, using a different optimization method like SLSQP with tighter tolerances, or using a Bayesian optimization approach. 

Testing different optimization methods and parameters to find the best one for the problem. 

Additionally, during the optimization, enforcing the constraints of the sum and bounds on h values. 

Thus, the plan is to:

- Start with a valid initial guess.

- Use an optimization method that can handle the constraints and non-convexity.

- Adjust the parameters of the optimization to find a better solution.

- Use multiple iterations with different starting points or parameters.

- Ensure that the solution meets the constraints.

Now, to write the strategy in the required format.
</think>

<strategy>
1. Approach and rationale
The central idea is to improve upon the existing construction by leveraging a more informed initial guess and employing an advanced optimization strategy that balances exploration and exploitation. The current initial guess in the provided code is invalid due to scaling errors, leading to suboptimal results. By correcting this and using a binary initial guess with 100 ones (ensuring exactly 1 unit of integral), we can better explore the feasible region. Additionally, we adopt a hybrid optimization approach that combines gradient-based methods with exponential smoothing of the objective to navigate the non-convex landscape more effectively.

2. Mathematical specification
Representation: A step function h with sample values in [0,1] and sum(h) = n_points/2. Variables are the h values across n_points samples.

Objective: For a given h, compute the maximum over all lags k of the correlation integral C = max_k ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. This is equivalent to evaluating np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode="full") * dx and taking the maximum value.

Constraints:
- 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 for all i
- ∑h[i] = n_points/2 (ensured by clipping and rescaling during optimization)

For optimization, we approximate the max operation using the log-sum-exp function: Objective(h) = (1/α) * log(∑exp(α * overlaps)), where overlaps is the array of correlation values. This smooths the max function for optimization, with α controlling approximation fidelity.

3. Implementation procedure
Initialization:
- If initial_h_values exists, use it directly. Otherwise, generate a binary vector with exactly 100 ones (for n_points=200), ensuring sum(h) = 100.

Optimization Loop:
- Use the log-sum-exp approximation with a tunable α value (initially 500).
- Employ the SLSQP solver to minimize the smoothed objective while respecting constraints.
- After each optimization step, project the solution back to the feasible region by clipping values to [0,1] and rescaling to ensure ∑h = 100.
- Use a diminishing α schedule (starting from 500, decreasing by 25% every 10 iterations) to refine the solution.
- Introduce small random perturbations (standard deviation 0.05) to the current solution to escape local minima, followed by clipping and rescaling.
- Maintain a global best solution by comparing the exact objective against the smoothed one.

Final Validation:
- After the optimization loop, perform a final refinement using the L-BFGS-B solver on the exact objective function with the best candidate.

4. Search choices and useful variations
Default configuration:
- n_points = 200 (balanced between accuracy and computational cost)
- Initial α = 500 for the log-sum-exp objective
- Perturbation strength = 0.05
- Perturbation frequency = every 10 iterations
- Optimization budget: 500 iterations with SLSQP and 50 with L-BFGS-B

Variations:
- Alternate initial guesses (e.g., random binary vectors, structured patterns)
- Adjust α dynamically based on improvement rate
- Use different solvers (e.g., COBYLA for constrained problems)

5. Compute budget and robustness
Time Allocation:
- 200 iterations with SLSQP (each ~0.1s): ~20s
- 50 iterations with L-BFGS-B (each ~0.2s): ~10s
- Perturbation and rescaling overhead: ~100s
- Final validation: ~10s

Termination Strategy:
- Check for 10 consecutive iterations with no improvement in C5.
- If time runs out, return the best candidate found.

Robustness Measures:
- Clip and rescale all solutions to ensure feasibility
- Cap α at 1000 to avoid numerical instability
- Use a fallback: if the optimization fails, use the initial binary vector and compute its C5 value

6. Validation and return contract
Feasibility Checks:
- Ensure 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 for all i
- Verify ∑h[i] = 100 (equivalent to ∑h * dx = 1)

Objective Consistency:
- Re-evaluate the final candidate using the exact objective function to ensure no approximations were overlooked.

Sanity Checks:
- Check for NaNs or infinities in the computed C5 value
- Verify that the used n_points matches the initial construction
- Ensure the returned h_values is a list of floats in [0,1]

Final Output Format:
- (h_values, c5_bound, n_points): A list of floats, the calculated C5 bound, and the number of samples used.

</strategy>