<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code uses a simple optimization approach with SLSQP, but maybe there's a better way.

First, I need to understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum correlation between h and 1-h, scaled by dx. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1.

The previous code uses 80 points, which might be too small. Maybe increasing the number of points could help, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, maybe there's a smarter way to structure the function.

The previous approach uses a perturbation of an initial guess and then optimizes. But maybe that's getting stuck in local minima. Perhaps using a different initialization or a more global optimization method would help. Also, the SLSQP method might not be the best here.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem or a scheduling problem where we need to distribute the area under h optimally. Maybe using a more structured approach, like dividing the interval into regions where h is 0 or 1, but that's too simplistic. Or maybe using a piecewise constant function with more segments.

Wait, the problem allows h to be a step function, which is piecewise constant. So maybe there's a way to model this with a certain number of intervals where h is either 0 or 1. But the previous code uses a continuous optimization over the samples, which might not capture the optimal structure.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing could explore the solution space better. But given the time budget, those might be too slow. Or maybe using a more efficient optimization method with better initial guesses.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of points (80) and perturbs the initial guess. What if we try different initializations? For example, starting with a function that has alternating regions of high and low values to minimize overlap. Or maybe using a more informed initial guess based on known optimal structures.

Also, the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. The previous code computes the full correlation and takes the maximum. But perhaps there's a way to model this as a minimax problem, where we need to minimize the maximum value. This might require a different optimization formulation.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum of the integrals over all shifts k. So, it's a minimax problem. The previous approach uses a gradient-based method, which might not handle the max function well. Maybe reformulating the problem as an optimization with constraints that each integral is less than or equal to some value, and then minimizing that value.

But how to model that? Let's think. Let me denote the overlap integral for shift k as C_k = ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. We need to find h such that max_k C_k is minimized. So, we can think of this as an optimization problem where we minimize C such that for all k, C_k ≤ C. But since k can be any real number, this is challenging. However, in the discretized version, we have a finite number of shifts. Wait, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which for a signal of length n_points gives a correlation of length 2n_points - 1. But the actual shifts k are discrete? Or are they continuous?

Wait, in the problem statement, the integral is over all real k, but in the discretization, the code uses the full correlation, which for a discrete signal of length n_points, the full correlation would correspond to shifts from -n_points + 1 to n_points - 1. However, the actual problem requires considering all real shifts, but the discretization here is approximating it. So, the code is using a finite set of shifts, which is an approximation. Therefore, the current approach might not capture the true maximum, but it's a way to approximate it.

So, perhaps the way to improve is to consider more shifts or find a better way to model the maximum over all possible shifts. However, the user wants to keep the number of points small, so maybe not.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (80) and perturbs the initial guess. Maybe trying different numbers of points could help. For example, using 100 points might allow for a finer resolution, but the user prefers smaller sequences. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, so maybe with more points, the optimization can be done more effectively.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization method like differential evolution could find better solutions, but it's slower. However, with the time budget, maybe it's manageable.

Wait, the user mentioned that the previous code achieved a C₅ bound of 0.381948, and the target is 0.380876. So there's a gap of about 0.001. To close this gap, perhaps a better initialization or a different optimization strategy is needed.

Another idea: the initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which might not be optimal. Maybe generating a better initial guess by considering known structures or using a different approach to construct h. For example, using a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that minimizes overlap.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more structured approach where h is designed to have certain properties. For instance, if h is a periodic function with certain symmetry, it might minimize the maximum overlap. But how to model that?

Another approach: since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So, the function h is a probability density function over [0,2]. The overlap integral for shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. Expanding this, it's ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. Since ∫ h(x) dx is 1, this becomes 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. Therefore, the overlap integral is 1 minus the cross-correlation of h with itself at shift k. Therefore, the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum value of 1 - cross-correlation(h, h, k), which is the same as maximizing the minimum cross-correlation. Wait, no: the overlap integral is C_k = 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. So, to minimize the maximum C_k, we need to maximize the minimum ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx over k. But this seems like a different way to look at the problem.

But perhaps this perspective can help. The problem becomes finding h that maximizes the minimum cross-correlation over all shifts k. However, I'm not sure how to use this insight directly.

Alternatively, considering that the cross-correlation of h with itself is related to the autocorrelation function. So, the problem is to design h such that its autocorrelation is as large as possible for all shifts, but that seems contradictory. Wait, no: since C_k = 1 - cross_corr(h, h, k), minimizing the maximum C_k is equivalent to maximizing the minimum cross_corr(h, h, k). So, the problem becomes finding h that maximizes the minimum cross-correlation over all shifts. This might be a known problem in signal processing or mathematics.

But I'm not sure. Maybe this is a dead end. Let's think about the optimization approach again.

The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of points and perturbs the initial guess. Maybe the issue is that the initial guess is not good enough. Perhaps using a better initial guess could lead to better results.

Another idea: instead of starting from initial_h_values, generate a better initial guess by considering a function that has alternating regions of high and low values. For example, a function that is 1 on intervals of length a and 0 on intervals of length b, such that the total area is 1. This would create a periodic pattern that might minimize the overlap. However, finding the optimal a and b could be part of the problem.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, if h is 1 on [0, a] and [b, c], etc., but this requires careful design.

But how to model this in code? Maybe generating such a function as an initial guess. However, this might be complex.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal h might be a piecewise constant function with a certain number of segments. For example, using a function with multiple intervals where h is either 0 or 1, arranged to minimize overlap. But how to find such a function?

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of points. Maybe using a different method like COBYLA or BFGS could be better. Or perhaps using a more global optimization approach with multiple restarts.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (80) and perturbs the initial guess. What if we try different numbers of points? For example, using 100 points might allow for a better approximation, but the user prefers smaller sequences. However, the time budget allows for some computation. Let's see: with 100 points, each optimization step would take longer, but maybe with more points, the solution could be better.

But the user's previous code used 80 points. Maybe trying with 100 points could help. However, the user's note says that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. So, perhaps 80 is acceptable.

Another idea: the current code uses a perturbation of the initial guess. Maybe instead of perturbing, we can use a different initialization strategy. For example, starting with a function that is 0.5 everywhere, but that would have a high overlap. Alternatively, starting with a function that has regions of 0 and 1 in a way that balances the overlap.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on a single interval and 0 elsewhere, but this would have a high overlap when shifted. So that's not good.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is such that the overlap is the same for all shifts. This would be a uniform solution. However, achieving this might be difficult, but it's a possible direction.

If we assume that the maximum overlap is the same for all shifts, then we can model this as an optimization problem where we set all C_k equal. However, this is a simplification and might not lead to the optimal solution, but it's worth exploring.

Alternatively, focusing on the shifts that are most critical. For example, the shifts that correspond to the most overlap. But how to determine which shifts to focus on?

Another idea: the previous code uses the full correlation, which includes all shifts. But perhaps the maximum occurs at specific shifts. For example, shifts that are equal to the length of the interval. But I'm not sure.

Let me think about the previous code's approach. It uses a fixed number of points (80), perturbs the initial guess, and then optimizes. The problem is that this might get stuck in local minima. To improve, maybe using a different optimization method that can escape local minima, like differential evolution.

But differential evolution is more computationally intensive. However, given the time budget, maybe it's manageable. Let's consider that.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: starting with a good initial guess, then using a local optimizer. Or using multiple initial guesses.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (80) and perturbs the initial guess. What if we try different numbers of points? For example, using 100 points might allow for a more accurate approximation. However, the user prefers smaller sequences, but maybe for this problem, a slightly larger number of points could help.

But the user's previous code used 80 points. Maybe trying with 100 points could be better. Let's think: with more points, the function can have more detailed structure, which might lead to a better solution. However, the time budget is 100 seconds. Let's estimate: if each optimization run takes, say, 10 seconds, then with 20 starts, it's 200 seconds, which exceeds the budget. So maybe using fewer starts or a smaller number of points.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the SLSQP method with tighter tolerances, but that's what the previous code already does.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed initial guess. What if we generate multiple initial guesses based on different patterns? For example, starting with functions that have different periodic structures, or random initializations. This could help avoid local minima.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach, where we evolve a population of functions, selecting those with lower C₅ values. However, implementing a genetic algorithm might be complex and time-consuming, but given the time budget, it's worth considering.

But given the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method or improve the initial guess.

Another thought: the previous code uses the full correlation, which for a signal of length n_points gives a correlation of length 2n_points - 1. However, the actual shifts k that are relevant might be limited. For example, shifts larger than 2 (the length of the interval) might not contribute much. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, maybe the maximum overlap occurs at specific shifts, such as k=1 or k=0.5. So, focusing the optimization on those shifts could help. However, this requires knowing which shifts are critical, which is not straightforward.

Another idea: the problem is similar to the problem of minimizing the maximum inner product between h and a shifted version of itself. This is similar to designing a signal with low autocorrelation, which is a known problem in communications. For example, the Barker codes have low autocorrelation, but they are for binary sequences. Maybe there's a way to adapt such concepts here.

But since h is a real-valued function, not just binary, perhaps there's a way to design it to have low autocorrelation. However, I'm not familiar with specific methods for this.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal h might be a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, if h is 1 on intervals of length a, spaced such that shifting by a certain amount would cause minimal overlap. However, finding such a configuration requires solving for a and the spacing.

But how to model this in code? Maybe using a piecewise constant function with multiple intervals. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into m equal parts, and setting h to 1 in some of them and 0 in others. The total area would be the number of 1s multiplied by the length of each interval. For example, if there are m intervals, each of length 2/m, and k intervals are set to 1, then the total area is k*(2/m) = 1, so k = m/2. Therefore, m must be even.

This would give a function h that is 1 on m/2 intervals and 0 on the others. The question is, what arrangement of these intervals minimizes the maximum overlap?

For example, if the intervals are spaced evenly, then shifting by half the interval length would cause overlaps. However, this is just a hypothesis.

But how to implement this? Maybe generating such a function as an initial guess. For example, for m=80, k=40, the function is 1 on 40 intervals of length 0.025 each, spaced in a way that minimizes overlap. But how to arrange them?

Alternatively, arranging the 1s in a way that they are as spread out as possible. For example, placing them in a periodic pattern. However, this requires careful design.

But this approach might be too simplistic and not lead to the optimal solution. However, it could serve as a better initial guess than the current one.

So, perhaps the previous code's initial guess is not optimal. If we can generate a better initial guess, the optimization might find a better solution.

Another idea: the current initial guess is given by initial_h_values. Maybe this is a poor initial guess. If we can generate a better initial guess, that would help. For example, using a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced to minimize overlap.

But how to generate such a function? Maybe using a greedy approach: place intervals of 1s in positions where they don't overlap much with their shifted versions. However, this is a complex problem.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess with a certain structure. For example, randomly placing intervals of 1s and 0s, ensuring the area is 1. But this might not be efficient.

Given the time constraints, perhaps modifying the existing code to use a better initial guess and a different optimization method would be the way to go.

Another thought: the previous code uses a perturbation of the initial guess. What if we use a different initial guess, such as a function that is 1 on the first half of the interval and 0 on the second half? This would have a high overlap when shifted by 1, but maybe the optimization can improve it.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on alternating intervals. For example, 1 on [0, 0.5], 0 on [0.5, 1], 1 on [1, 1.5], etc. This might create a pattern that minimizes overlap.

But again, without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to say.

Another idea: the problem is similar to the problem of finding a function with minimal maximum overlap, which is related to the concept of "anti-correlation." Perhaps using a function that is designed to have minimal correlation with itself at all shifts. This is similar to the concept of a "low autocorrelation" sequence.

In communications, sequences with low autocorrelation are used to minimize interference. For example, Barker codes have autocorrelation values of 0 or 1. However, these are for binary sequences. Maybe adapting such ideas here.

But since h is a real-valued function, perhaps a similar approach could be taken. However, I'm not sure how to apply it directly.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal h might be a function that is 1 on a single interval and 0 elsewhere, but this would have high overlap when shifted. So that's not helpful.

Another approach: since the problem involves minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is such that the overlap is the same for all shifts. This would mean that the function is designed to have uniform overlap, which might be easier to optimize.

Assuming this, we can set up an optimization problem where we require that the overlap integral is the same for all shifts. However, this is a very restrictive condition and might not be achievable, but it could serve as a starting point.

But how to model this in code? It would require adding constraints that each overlap integral equals a certain value, which is a challenging optimization problem.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the existing code by using a different optimization method, better initial guesses, and possibly a different number of points.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. It uses 80 points, 20 starts, and SLSQP with maxiter 500. Maybe increasing the number of starts or using a different method could help.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is derivative-free and might escape local minima better. Or using a Bayesian optimization approach, but that's more complex.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed initial guess. What if we generate multiple initial guesses with different structures and optimize each? For example, generating initial guesses with different patterns (like alternating 1s and 0s, or random placements) and then optimizing each.

This could help avoid local minima. However, generating these initial guesses might take time.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, starting with a function that is 0.5 everywhere, then perturbing it to create regions of higher and lower values.

But I'm not sure. Let's think about the code structure.

The previous code uses initial_h_values as the starting point. Maybe this initial guess is not optimal. If we can find a better initial guess, the optimization could find a better solution.

Another thought: the initial_h_values might be a poor choice. Perhaps generating a better initial guess by using a function that has a certain structure, such as a sine wave or other periodic function, which might have lower overlap.

But how to model that? For example, a sine wave that is 0.5 + 0.5*sin(πx) would have varying values. However, integrating this over [0,2] would give 1, since the integral of sin(πx) over [0,2] is zero. So, the average value would be 0.5, and the total area would be 1. This could be a candidate for initial guess.

But would this function have lower overlap? Not sure, but it's worth trying.

So, perhaps modifying the initial guess to be a sine wave or other function that has varying values could lead to better results.

However, implementing this would require generating such a function and using it as the initial guess.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint. For example, generating random values between 0 and 1, then scaling them to meet the sum constraint. This could be a better initial guess than the current one.

But the previous code uses initial_h_values, which might be a specific pattern. If that's not good, using a random initial guess could help.

So, perhaps the previous code's initial guess is not optimal, and using a random initial guess could lead to better results. Let's think about that.

In the previous code, the initial guess is initial_h_values.copy(), which might be a specific pattern. If that's not good, then starting with a random guess could be better. So, modifying the code to generate a random initial guess that meets the sum constraint.

But how to do that? For example, generate random values between 0 and 1, then scale them to meet the sum constraint.

This could be done by generating random values, then scaling them by (n_points / 2) / sum(h). This would ensure the sum is correct.

So, in the code, instead of using the initial_h_values, generate a random initial guess. This could lead to better exploration of the solution space.

Another idea: combining multiple initial guesses. For example, using both the initial_h_values and a random initial guess, and optimizing each. This could increase the chances of finding a good solution.

But this would require more computation time.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a better initial guess, possibly a random one, and use a more efficient optimization method.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (80). What if we try with a different number of points? For example, 100 points might allow for a better approximation, but the user prefers smaller sequences. However, maybe 100 points is manageable within the time budget.

But with more points, each optimization step would take longer. For example, if the previous code with 80 points took 10 seconds per start, with 20 starts it would take 200 seconds, which exceeds the budget. So, perhaps reducing the number of starts or using a smaller number of points.

Alternatively, using 80 points but increasing the number of starts. However, this might not be feasible.

Another idea: the previous code uses 20 starts. Maybe increasing the number of starts to 30 or 40 could help, but again, time is a constraint.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method that converges faster. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method instead of SLSQP. Or using a different solver from scipy.optimize.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimizer like differential evolution could find better solutions, even if it's slower.

Let me think about differential evolution. It's a population-based optimization algorithm that can explore the solution space more thoroughly. However, it might be slower than SLSQP. But with the time budget, perhaps it's manageable.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution for the optimization. This would involve changing the minimize call to use the 'differential_evolution' method. However, differential evolution requires bounds and may not handle the equality constraint directly. So, we need to include the constraint in the optimization.

But how to handle the equality constraint with differential evolution? One approach is to use a penalty method, where the objective function includes a penalty for violating the constraint. However, this might not be as effective as using a constrained optimizer.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with the constraint as before, but with different parameters.

But given the time, perhaps trying differential evolution with a penalty for the constraint could be a way to explore the solution space better.

However, I'm not sure how to implement this. Let me think.

The differential evolution method in scipy.optimize.differential_evolution requires the objective function to be minimized, and it doesn't directly support constraints. So, to handle the equality constraint, we can use a penalty method. The objective function would be the original objective plus a penalty term for the constraint violation.

So, the modified objective function would be:

def objective_with_penalty(h, dx, penalty_coeff):
    corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr)
    penalty = penalty_coeff * (np.sum(h) - n_points / 2)**2
    return max_corr * dx + penalty

Then, during optimization, we'd use differential evolution to minimize this function. The penalty coefficient would need to be chosen carefully to balance the two terms.

This approach might allow the optimizer to find solutions that satisfy the constraint, but it's not guaranteed. However, it could be worth trying.

Another idea: using a combination of methods. For example, using differential evolution for the initial exploration and then SLSQP for fine-tuning.

But given the time, perhaps trying differential evolution with a penalty method could be a way to improve the solution.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution instead of SLSQP. Let's outline the steps:

1. Generate initial guesses (maybe random ones).
2. For each initial guess, use differential evolution to minimize the objective function with a penalty for the constraint.
3. Track the best solution found.

This could potentially find better solutions than the previous approach.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (80). What if we try with a different number of points, say 100, to see if it improves the result? However, the user prefers smaller sequences, but it's worth trying.

But given the time, perhaps sticking with 80 points and using a better optimization method is better.

Putting it all together, here's a plan for the new code:

- Use a different initial guess, perhaps a random one.
- Use differential evolution with a penalty for the constraint.
- Use a larger number of starts or more iterations.
- Possibly adjust the number of points.

But how to implement this in code?

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code uses minimize with SLSQP. To use differential evolution, we need to change the method and handle the constraint via penalty.

So, the new code would look something like this:

import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import differential_evolution

def objective(h, dx, penalty_coeff, n_points):
    corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr)
    penalty = penalty_coeff * (np.sum(h) - n_points / 2)**2
    return max_corr * dx + penalty

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = 80
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    # Generate initial guess
    h_initial = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
    h_initial = h_initial * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h_initial)
    
    # Set penalty coefficient
    penalty_coeff = 1e4  # Tune this value
    
    # Define bounds
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    # Run differential evolution
    result = differential_evolution(
        objective, 
        bounds, 
        args=(dx, penalty_coeff, n_points),
        strategy='best1bin',
        maxiter=100,
        popsize=15,
        tol=1e-6,
        mutation=(0.5, 1),
        recombination=0.8,
        polish=True,
        disp=False
    )
    
    best_h = result.x
    best_c5 = result.fun - penalty_coeff * (np.sum(best_h) - n_points / 2)**2  # Subtract penalty to get original objective
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

But this is a simplified version. However, there are several issues here. First, the penalty coefficient needs to be chosen carefully. Second, the differential evolution might not converge to the optimal solution quickly. Also, the initial guess is random, which might not be the best approach.

Alternatively, combining multiple initial guesses, such as a random one and the initial_h_values.

Another thing: the previous code uses multiple starts, which is important to avoid local minima. So, perhaps using differential evolution with multiple starts, or using a combination of methods.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, and use a better initial guess.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (80). What if we try with 100 points? Let's calculate the time. Assuming each differential evolution run takes about 10 seconds, and with 20 starts, it would take 200 seconds, which is over the budget. So, perhaps using a smaller number of points, like 80, and a smaller number of starts.

But the user's previous code used 80 points and 20 starts. Maybe with differential evolution, we can get better results with fewer starts.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a fixed initial guess. If we generate a random initial guess for each start, it might explore the solution space better.

So, modifying the code to generate a random initial guess for each start, and use differential evolution for optimization.

But I'm not sure. This is getting complex.

Alternatively, given the time, perhaps the best approach is to use the previous code but with some modifications:

- Use a different initial guess, such as a random one.
- Increase the number of starts.
- Use a different optimization method, like L-BFGS-B.

But without knowing the exact impact, it's hard to say.

Another idea: the previous code's objective function returns the maximum correlation multiplied by dx. However, the maximum correlation is the maximum of the full correlation. Perhaps the maximum occurs at specific shifts, and focusing on those could help. For example, if we can find the shift k that gives the maximum overlap, and then optimize to minimize that particular overlap. But this is just one shift, and the problem requires minimizing the maximum over all shifts.

But perhaps this is a way to simplify the problem. For example, if we can find a function that minimizes the overlap for the most critical shift, it might help.

However, this is speculative.

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a better initial guess and a different optimization method, and see if it improves the result.

In conclusion, the plan is to:

1. Use a better initial guess, such as a random one.
2. Use a different optimization method, like differential evolution with penalty for the constraint.
3. Possibly adjust the number of points and the number of starts.
4. Ensure the code runs within the time budget.

Now, implementing this in code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import differential_evolution, minimize
from scipy.interpolate import interp1d

def objective(h, dx, n_points):
    corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr)
    return max_corr * dx

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = 80
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    np.random.seed(seed)
    
    # Generate initial guess with structured patterns
    def generate_initial_guess():
        # Start with a baseline pattern
        base = np.zeros(n_points)
        base[:n_points//2] = 1.0
        base = base * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(base)
        
        # Add random perturbation
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, 0.1, n_points)
        perturb = np.clip(perturb, -0.5, 0.5)
        return np.clip(base + perturb, 0, 1)
    
    # Try multiple initial guesses
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = np.zeros(n_points)
    for _ in range(5):  # Reduced number of starts for speed
        h_initial = generate_initial_guess()
        
        # Use differential evolution for global search
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        result = differential_evolution(
            objective, 
            bounds, 
            args=(dx, n_points),
            strategy='best1bin',
            maxiter=50,
            popsize=10,
            tol=1e-6,
            mutation=(0.5, 1),
            recombination=0.8,
            polish=True,
            disp=False
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
        else:
            # Fallback to local optimization
            result = minimize(
                objective, 
                h_initial, 
                args=(dx, n_points),
                method='L-BFGS-B',
                bounds=bounds,
                options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'gtol': 1e-9}
            )
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    # Post-processing: refine with local optimization
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    result = minimize(
        objective, 
        best_h, 
        args=(dx, n_points),
        method='L-BFGS-B',
        bounds=bounds,
        options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'gtol': 1e-9}
    )
    best_c5 = result.fun
    best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```