<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used SLSQP optimization with initial guesses based on upsampled initial_h_values. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, I should consider the lessons from earlier attempts. The user mentioned using SLSQP with equality constraints, which the previous code already does. So that's already in place. But maybe the initial guesses aren't good enough, or the optimization isn't exploring enough possibilities.

Hmm. The previous code tried multiple initial guesses by adding noise. Maybe that's not sufficient. What if I use a different starting point? The initial_h_values are given, but perhaps I can use a different construction. Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method or adjusting parameters could help.

Another idea: the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The current approach uses a step function and optimizes it. But maybe there's a way to structure the function h to have better properties. For example, maybe using a more regular pattern, like a periodic function or a piecewise constant function with specific intervals.

Wait, the problem is similar to a covering problem where we want to minimize the maximum overlap when shifting the function. Maybe a better approach is to model this as an optimization problem with more constraints or use a different parameterization.

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm or a particle swarm optimization could explore the solution space more effectively. But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe combining multiple optimization methods or using a more global search strategy could help avoid local minima.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=200). Maybe trying with a different number of points, like 100 or 400, could yield better results. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. But maybe with more points, the approximation is better, leading to a tighter bound.

Wait, the user's previous code used n_points=200. Maybe increasing n_points to 400 could allow for a more precise function h, but that might take longer. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, so I need to balance between the number of points and the number of iterations.

Another angle: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. Maybe instead of optimizing for the maximum directly, we can use a different formulation. For example, using a penalty method where we try to minimize the maximum by adding a penalty term to the objective function. But the current approach already uses the maximum as the objective, so perhaps that's already the right way.

Wait, the previous code uses the max of the cross-correlation multiplied by dx. But maybe there's a way to approximate this more effectively. For example, using a different discretization or a more efficient way to compute the maximum.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method. For instance, using a Bayesian optimization approach to search for the best h values, which could be more efficient in finding the global minimum. However, implementing Bayesian optimization might be complex and time-consuming.

Another idea: the initial guess is based on upsampled initial_h_values. Maybe the initial_h_values themselves are not optimal. If I can find a better initial guess, that could lead to better results. For example, maybe using a different construction, like a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a specific pattern.

Wait, the initial_h_values are provided as a global variable. Maybe I can generate multiple initial guesses by varying the initial_h_values in different ways. For example, shifting the initial guess, or applying different transformations.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (5). Maybe increasing that number could help explore more possibilities. But with the time budget, that might not be feasible.

Another consideration: the constraints. The sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. The previous code enforces this via an equality constraint. But perhaps using a different way to handle the constraint, like a Lagrange multiplier, could help. However, the current approach is already using SLSQP with equality constraints, which should handle that.

What about the optimization parameters? The previous code uses ftol=1e-9 and maxiter=500. Maybe adjusting these parameters could lead to better convergence. For example, using a lower ftol or higher maxiter, but that might take more time.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, like COBYLA or Nelder-Mead, which don't require gradients. But SLSQP is generally more effective for problems with constraints.

Hmm. Maybe the key is to improve the initial guess. The previous code uses the initial_h_values upsampled. What if I use a different initial guess, such as a function that is designed to minimize overlap? For example, a function that is 1 on intervals where shifting would cause minimal overlap.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initialization method. For example, generating multiple initial guesses by varying the initial_h_values in different ways, such as applying different transformations or using a different starting pattern.

Another thought: the cross-correlation is evaluated over the full mode, which gives a longer result. Maybe focusing on the regions where the maximum occurs could help. For example, if I can find a way to minimize the maximum value in those regions.

Wait, the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. The maximum of this cross-correlation is what we need to minimize. So perhaps we can model this as a problem where we want to minimize the maximum value of the cross-correlation over all shifts k. 

But how to model this? The previous approach uses a numerical optimization with the cross-correlation as the objective. Maybe there's a way to approximate this more effectively, but I'm not sure.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum, perhaps using a dual approach. For example, trying to find a function h that has low overlap for all shifts. This might relate to concepts in signal processing or coding theory, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a covering problem where the function h needs to cover the interval [0,2] in such a way that shifting it doesn't overlap too much with itself. Maybe using a greedy approach to construct h, but that's more of a heuristic.

Wait, the user mentioned that the previous code achieved C₅ bound of 0.381425, and the target is 0.380876. So there's a gap of about 0.0005. To improve this, perhaps the optimization needs to find a better h that reduces this maximum.

Maybe the previous code's initial guesses are not sufficient. What if I use a different initial guess, such as a function that is 1 on intervals of length 1/3 and 0 elsewhere? Or some other pattern that could potentially minimize overlap.

Alternatively, using a more structured approach. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments and assigning h(x) values in a way that balances the overlap. For instance, if h is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, such that shifting by any k would result in minimal overlap.

But how to determine these intervals? Maybe using a periodic pattern. For example, a function that is 1 for a certain fraction of the interval and 0 otherwise, arranged periodically. However, the exact fraction would need to be optimized.

Alternatively, using a function with multiple segments, each with different values. For example, a piecewise constant function with several levels, which could be optimized to minimize the maximum overlap.

But how to model this in the optimization? The previous code uses a step function represented by samples, which is a piecewise constant function. So maybe the current approach is already considering that.

Another idea: the cross-correlation maximum is influenced by the shape of h. Perhaps making h have a more uniform distribution or specific symmetry could help. For example, if h is symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], that might reduce overlap when shifted.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart in a way that shifting by any k would not align them too much. For example, if the function is 1 on intervals of length L, spaced such that the distance between intervals is large enough to prevent overlap when shifted.

But how to determine L and the spacing? This seems like a problem that could be approached with optimization, but again, the previous code is already trying to optimize this.

Perhaps the key is to improve the optimization process. For example, using a more efficient optimization method, or using a different parameterization of h. For instance, instead of using a continuous function, maybe using a binary function (0 or 1) would be better, but the problem allows h to be any step function in [0,1].

Wait, the problem allows h to be any step function, not necessarily binary. So maybe allowing more flexibility in the values of h could lead to better results. However, the previous code uses a continuous optimization over the values of h.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed n_points of 200. What if trying with a different number of points, say 100 or 400, could yield better results? For example, with more points, the function h can be more finely tuned, potentially leading to a lower C₅. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, so I need to balance between the number of points and the number of iterations.

Alternatively, using a lower n_points but with more initial guesses. For example, using n_points=100 and generating more initial guesses, which might allow the optimization to explore more possibilities within the time limit.

Another consideration: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (5). Maybe increasing that number could help, but again, with time constraints, it's a trade-off.

What about using a different optimization method? For example, using a genetic algorithm where each individual is a vector of h values, and the fitness is the C₅ value. This could explore the solution space more thoroughly, but implementing a genetic algorithm might be time-consuming and require careful tuning.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to search for the best h values. This could be more efficient than random guessing, but again, implementing it would take time.

Hmm. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing method. Let's think about the previous code's shortcomings. The initial guess is based on upsampled initial_h_values. Maybe the initial_h_values are not optimal. What if I use a different initial guess, such as a function that is 1 on intervals of length 1/3 and 0 otherwise? Or some other pattern.

Alternatively, generating multiple initial guesses by varying the initial_h_values in different ways. For example, shifting the initial guess, or applying different transformations like inversion or scaling.

Another idea: instead of adding random noise to the initial guess, perhaps using a more structured perturbation. For example, creating different patterns by varying the positions of the 1s and 0s in the initial guess.

But how to implement this? Maybe generating multiple initial guesses by applying different transformations to the initial_h_values. For example, creating shifted versions, or mirrored versions, or varying the density of 1s.

Alternatively, using a different initial construction. For instance, the initial_h_values might be a known construction for the Erdős problem. If I can find a better initial construction, that could lead to better results.

Wait, the user mentioned that the initial_h_values are provided. Maybe they are a known construction. If I can improve upon that, that would be better. But without knowing what the initial_h_values are, it's hard to say. However, the previous code's initial guess is based on upsampled initial_h_values, so perhaps the initial_h_values are a good starting point.

Another thought: the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=500). Maybe increasing the maxiter could allow for better convergence. However, with the time budget, this might not be feasible. Alternatively, using a lower tolerance (ftol) could help, but that might also take more time.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first run a global search to find a good initial guess, then perform a local optimization. But implementing a global search would require more code.

Hmm. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different initial guess and possibly a different optimization strategy. For example, using a different initial guess based on a known construction, or using a different method to generate initial guesses.

Wait, the user mentioned that the initial_h_values are available. Maybe the initial_h_values are a known good construction. If I can use that as the initial guess, perhaps with some modifications, I could get better results. For example, using the initial_h_values as the starting point and then perturbing it in a more intelligent way.

Alternatively, using a different parameterization. For example, instead of optimizing the h values directly, parameterizing the function h in terms of certain parameters that define its structure, such as the positions and lengths of intervals where h is 1.

But this would complicate the optimization. For example, if h is defined by intervals where it's 1, then the parameters would be the start and end points of these intervals. However, this might be more complex to implement.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h has certain properties. For example, it might be symmetric, or have a certain periodicity. If I can enforce these properties in the optimization, it might lead to better results.

For instance, if I assume that h is symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], then I can reduce the number of parameters to optimize. This could help in finding a better solution.

Alternatively, enforcing that the function h has certain regular intervals where it's 1, such as dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and setting h to 1 in certain parts. This is similar to the initial guess but with more structure.

But again, without knowing the exact structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the previous code's initial guess is based on upsampled initial_h_values, which might already have some structure.

Another approach: using a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints without requiring gradients. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method. Maybe COBYLA could find better solutions by exploring the space differently.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, using a global optimization method to find a good initial guess, then refining it with SLSQP.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to adjust the existing code to use more initial guesses, different perturbations, and possibly a different optimization method.

Wait, the previous code uses 5 initial guesses. Maybe increasing that number to 10 or 20 could help. However, with the time budget, each optimization run takes some time. For example, if each optimization takes 10 seconds, then 10 initial guesses would take 100 seconds, which is the budget. So maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could be beneficial.

Additionally, using different types of perturbations. For example, not just adding random noise, but also creating different patterns. For instance, creating initial guesses by shifting the initial_h_values, or by inverting certain parts of it.

Another idea: using a different initial guess based on the known lower bound. For example, if the target is 0.380876, maybe the initial guess can be designed to approach that value.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initialization method. For example, using a gradient-based method to find a better initial guess, but that would require more code.

Hmm. Let's think about the code structure. The previous code generates multiple initial guesses by adding noise to the upsampled initial_h_values. Maybe instead of adding random noise, I can generate initial guesses that are more structured. For example, by creating different patterns based on the initial_h_values.

Alternatively, using a different starting point. For example, using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 1/3 and 0 elsewhere, which might have lower overlap when shifted. However, this is just a guess, and the actual optimal function is unknown.

Another thought: the cross-correlation maximum is influenced by the shape of h. If h is designed to have minimal overlap when shifted by any k, then the maximum would be minimized. This might be similar to a problem in coding theory where certain codes have minimal cross-correlation.

But without prior knowledge of such codes, it's hard to apply that directly.

In summary, the main ideas to improve upon the previous code are:

1. Use a better initial guess, perhaps by generating more varied initial guesses.
2. Use a different optimization method or adjust parameters to allow better convergence.
3. Try different numbers of points (n_points) to see if a different resolution yields better results.
4. Enforce certain structural properties in the function h, such as symmetry or periodicity.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to increase the number of initial guesses and use a different method to generate them. For example, instead of adding random noise, generate initial guesses by shifting the initial_h_values, inverting them, or applying other transformations.

Additionally, using a different optimization method like COBYLA or Nelder-Mead might help explore the solution space more effectively.

So, modifying the previous code to:

- Generate more initial guesses by applying different transformations to the initial_h_values.
- Use a different optimization method, such as COBYLA.
- Possibly try with a different n_points.

But since the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred, maybe keeping n_points=200 is better.

Another idea: the previous code uses the same initial guess for all optimizations, but by generating more varied initial guesses, the optimization can explore different regions of the solution space.

So, in the code, instead of adding random noise, perhaps create multiple initial guesses by shifting the initial_h_values, inverting them, or applying other transformations. For example:

- Shift the initial guess by a certain amount.
- Invert the initial guess (replace 0 with 1 and vice versa).
- Create a version where the initial guess is split into two parts with different values.

This could generate more diverse initial guesses, leading to better results.

Also, using a different optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a bounded optimization method that might handle the constraints better.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with adjusted parameters.

Another consideration: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=500). Maybe reducing the maxiter and allowing more initial guesses could be better, as the time budget is limited.

Putting this all together, the revised code would:

- Generate more initial guesses by applying different transformations to the initial_h_values.
- Use a different optimization method, such as COBYLA or L-BFGS-B.
- Possibly adjust the number of initial guesses and the perturbation method.

Now, translating this into code. The previous code uses SLSQP with noise-added initial guesses. Let's modify it to generate more initial guesses with different transformations.

For example, generate initial guesses by:

1. Shifting the initial guess.
2. Inverting the initial guess.
3. Applying random noise.
4. Creating a version where certain parts are modified.

But how to implement this? Let's think.

First, the initial_guess is upsampled from initial_h_values. Then, for each initial guess, we can create variations:

- Shifted: shift the initial guess by a certain amount (e.g., 0.1, 0.2, etc.).
- Inverted: 1 - initial_guess.
- Random perturbations with different noise levels.
- Combining these transformations.

But implementing this would require generating multiple variations of the initial guess.

Alternatively, generate multiple initial guesses by applying different transformations and then optimizing each.

This could increase the diversity of the initial guesses, leading to better results.

Another idea: use a different optimization method. For example, using the 'COBYLA' method, which handles bounds and constraints without requiring gradients. This might be more effective in finding a global minimum.

So, modifying the code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP.

Also, increasing the number of initial guesses to, say, 10, to explore more possibilities.

Putting this into code:

- Generate more initial guesses by applying different transformations.
- Use COBYLA as the optimization method.
- Adjust parameters like ftol and maxiter.

This should lead to a better exploration of the solution space and potentially a lower C₅ value.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The current code computes the cross-correlation and takes the maximum. Maybe there's a way to optimize this computation, but I think it's already efficient.

In conclusion, the revised code would:

- Generate more initial guesses with different transformations.
- Use a different optimization method (COBYLA).
- Possibly increase the number of initial guesses.
- Adjust optimization parameters for better convergence.

Now, implementing this in code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    # Try smaller n_points for faster evaluation
    n_points = 100
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    # Generate initial guess based on initial_h_values (upsampled)
    # Assuming initial_h_values is a numpy array of length 50
    initial_guess = np.repeat(initial_h_values, 2)  # Upsample to 100 points
    # Adjust sum to meet the constraint
    initial_guess = initial_guess / np.sum(initial_guess) * (n_points / 2)
    
    # Generate diverse initial guesses via transformations
    def generate_variants(base):
        variants = []
        # Shifted variants
        for shift in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3]:
            shifted = np.roll(base, int(shift * n_points))
            variants.append(shifted)
        # Inverted variant
        variants.append(1.0 - base)
        # Random noise variants
        for _ in range(3):
            noise = np.random.normal(0, 0.02, n_points)
            perturbed = base + noise
            perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
            scale_factor = (n_points / 2) / np.sum(perturbed)
            perturbed *= scale_factor
            variants.append(perturbed)
        return variants
    
    initial_guesses = generate_variants(initial_guess)
    
    # Objective function
    def objective(h):
        one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
        corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    # Constraints: sum(h) == n_points / 2
    cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - n_points / 2})
    
    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = None
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Run optimization with COBYLA for better global search
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            guess,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'disp': False}
        )
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
        if result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    
    # Fallback to initial guess if no improvement
    if best_h is None:
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            initial_guess,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'disp': False}
        )
        best_c5 = result.fun
        best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```