<think>
Okay, so I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get even lower, like 0.380876. The user provided a previous Python code that uses a combination of optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess. 

The task is to modify this approach to find a better solution. Let me think about the possible ways to improve this. 

First, the previous code uses multiple initial guesses, including some generated pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random samples. Maybe I can explore different types of functions or structures that could lead to a better overlap. Also, the code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, but perhaps another optimization strategy could be more effective here. 

I remember that the Erdős problem involves finding a function h that minimizes the maximum overlap when shifted. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The challenge is to find a function h that keeps this maximum as low as possible. 

The previous approach tried various initial guesses and then refined them. But maybe there's a way to structure the function h better. For example, maybe using a more structured approach with multiple segments or patterns that repeat, which could help in balancing the overlapping regions. 

Another thought: perhaps the current code's use of differential evolution is too slow or not effective. Maybe a different optimization method, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, could explore the search space more effectively. But the user mentioned that the code should be concise, and using more complex methods might complicate things. 

Wait, the user also mentioned that they want to avoid using long literals and prefer algorithmic constructions. The initial_h_values is available, so maybe using that as a starting point and then making small perturbations or adjustments could help avoid local minima. 

Looking at the hyperparameters, the previous code had a fixed number of iterations and a certain tolerance. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerances could yield better results. But the budget is tight (100 seconds), so the code needs to be efficient. 

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe focusing on the regions where the overlap is high. For example, using a function h that has a periodic structure with certain gaps. For instance, a function that is 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. 

But the constraints require that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, so the total area under h must be 1. So, if we have a piecewise constant function with intervals of 1 and 0, the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h=1 must be 1. Since the domain is [0,2], the average value is 0.5. 

Wait, the initial_h_values has 45 points. Let's check: the sum of the initial values is n_points/2 = 45/2 = 22.5. So the sum of the initial h_values is 22.5, which means the average is 0.5. So maybe the initial guess is already a good starting point. 

But the previous code tried to improve it with local optimization. Maybe it's possible to use a different optimization strategy, like a hybrid approach. For instance, using a genetic algorithm for global search and then local optimization to refine the solution. However, implementing a genetic algorithm might be too slow within the time budget. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP for local refinement, which is good, but maybe adjusting the constraints or the initial guesses could help. 

Another thought: the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', but the overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k. However, since the function h is defined on [0, 2], the shifts k can range such that x + k remains within [0, 2]. But the code computes the full correlation, which includes shifts beyond the domain. Maybe there's a way to compute only the necessary shifts, which might be more efficient. However, the current code uses the full correlation, and the max is taken over the entire result. 

Wait, for the integral ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx, the x ranges over [0, 2], and x + k must also lie within [0, 2], so k must be between -2 and 0. But when the code computes the full correlation, it includes all possible shifts. However, the max is taken over all these shifts. But perhaps the maximum occurs for certain specific values of k. So maybe the code is correct here. 

But maybe the way the overlapping integrals are computed can be optimized. For example, considering the shift k such that x + k is within [0,2], the integral would be over overlapping regions. However, the code uses the full correlation, which automatically handles the shifting. 

Another angle: perhaps the initial guess is not optimal, and trying different starting points could lead to better results. The previous code tried several generated functions, like pulses, sawtooth, etc. Maybe adding more structured starting points or using a different approach. 

Wait, the previous code used a variety of functions, but perhaps trying to use a function that has a certain symmetry or periodic structure could help. For instance, a function that repeats a pattern every certain interval. 

Another idea: maybe the optimal function is close to a piecewise constant function with a certain number of segments. For example, a function that is 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. 

But the problem is that the function must be continuous (or at least piecewise continuous) to be integrated. However, the problem allows h to be a step function (discrete samples), so maybe constructing a piecewise constant function with specific intervals could help. 

But the current code uses a step function with n_points samples. So, perhaps the initial guess is based on a specific structure, but maybe modifying that structure could yield better results. 

Another thought: the current code uses the initial_h_values, which may have a certain pattern. For example, the initial_h_values could be a step function with a specific distribution of 1s and 0s. If we can find a way to adjust that structure, perhaps by making more balanced regions, it could improve the result. 

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the maximum iterations, but that could take longer. Or perhaps using a different optimization algorithm. 

Wait, the code also has a differential evolution step. Maybe combining different optimization steps with different parameters. For example, using differential evolution for global exploration and SLSQP for local refinement. 

Another idea: the current code uses multiple initial guesses, but maybe we can generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, varying the frequency and duty cycle of the generated pulses and sawtooth waves. 

Alternatively, using a different approach entirely: instead of trying to generate a starting guess, could we use a grid search over certain parameters? For instance, varying the positions of the intervals where h is 1. But with n_points up to 1000, this might not be feasible. 

Wait, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, as they are faster to optimize. The initial code uses n=45. So maybe starting with a smaller n, like 30 or 40, and then trying to optimize that. However, the previous code uses n=45. But the initial_h_values is given, which may have that n. 

Wait, the problem says that the user's previous program achieved C₅ bound of 0.381142 with n=45. The target is to get below 0.38088. So perhaps with a higher n, you can get better results. But the user says that smaller sequences are preferred, but maybe higher n could yield better results. However, the time budget is tight, so maybe using a higher n would take longer. 

Alternatively, maybe using a lower n but with a more effective optimization. 

Another angle: perhaps the current code's objective function is not optimized correctly. For example, the correlation is computed with mode 'full', but perhaps the actual maximum occurs over a specific range of shifts. So maybe the code is considering all possible shifts, but the maximum could be in a specific range. However, the problem requires considering all possible k. 

Alternatively, maybe the code can precompute the shifts that could contribute to the maximum and avoid unnecessary computations. 

Another idea: reducing the number of optimization steps by using a more efficient gradient-based method. However, the objective function is non-convex, so gradient-based methods may get stuck in local minima. 

Hmm. The previous code uses SLSQP for refinement. Could we use other methods like trust-constrained optimization? But that may not be available in scipy. 

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral. The current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient. However, for each evaluation of the objective function, it computes the correlation and takes the maximum. 

Another thing to consider: the initial code uses fixed initial guesses and then iterates. Perhaps the key is to generate more effective initial guesses. Maybe instead of generating random pulses, use a more structured approach. For example, using a function that has a specific repeating pattern. 

Wait, the Erdős problem is related to the concept of "no two intervals overlapping too much". So perhaps the optimal function h is something like a union of intervals that are placed in such a way that their shifted versions don't overlap too much. 

But how to model that with a step function? 

Another idea: if we consider that for each shift k, the overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). This can be rewritten as the integral over x where x and x + k are in the support of h. So for a given k, the overlap is the product of the lengths of the overlaps between h's support and its shifted support. But since h is a step function, maybe we can model it as a set of intervals and compute overlaps between them. 

However, with the current approach of using numerical optimization, perhaps this is not directly applicable. 

Alternatively, maybe using a different mathematical model. For example, the problem is similar to the covering problem, where we want to arrange the function h such that the overlap with its shifted versions is minimized. 

But again, how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem. 

Perhaps the key is to find a good starting guess and then optimize it effectively. The previous code uses a variety of initial guesses. Maybe there's a better way to generate those. 

Wait, the initial code uses gen_pulses, gen_saw, and gen_triangle functions. These functions generate periodic waveforms. Perhaps including other waveforms, like square waves, or more complex patterns, could yield better initial guesses. 

But the code already includes some of those. 

Another idea: maybe the current code's initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, using more parameters to generate varied initial conditions. 

Alternatively, perhaps adjusting the parameters of the generated functions. For example, varying the frequency or duty cycle. 

Another thing to consider: the user's previous code has a limit on the number of function evaluations, and the budget is 100 seconds. So, the code must be efficient. 

Perhaps the current approach can be improved by using a more efficient optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is a derivative-free method that can handle constrained optimization. However, scipy's optimize.minimize has options for this. 

But the current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, so maybe alternating between different methods could help. 

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which could be more efficient in exploring the search space. However, implementing this might be complex. 

Another thought: perhaps the current code's objective function can be modified to use a different measure. For example, instead of taking the maximum over all shifts, maybe focusing on specific shifts that are likely to contribute to the maximum. 

But the problem requires the maximum over all shifts, so that can't be avoided. 

Alternatively, maybe the code can be optimized to compute the correlation more efficiently. For example, precomputing the shifts that are most critical. 

Wait, in the current code, the correlation is computed with 'full' mode, which gives a result of length 2n_points - 1. But the actual shifts k that are relevant would be such that x + k is within [0,2]. So for each k in [-2, 2], but the correlation includes shifts that go beyond that. However, the maximum value of the correlation could still be found in those. 

But perhaps the maximum occurs at certain shifts, like k=1, etc. 

However, the code is correct in taking the maximum over the entire correlation array. 

Another angle: perhaps the current code could be optimized by using a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function. For example, precomputing the convolution or using FFT-based methods to calculate the integral. 

But using FFT would require handling the shifting correctly. The convolution of h with (1 - h) would be similar to the correlation, but I'm not sure. The integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx is similar to the cross-correlation of h and (1 - h), so using FFT might be a way to compute this more efficiently. 

Wait, cross-correlation between h and (1 - h) would be the sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)), but the integral is a continuous version. However, in the discrete case, the code uses np.correlate, which is a discrete version. 

But maybe using the FFT-based approach could speed up the computation. However, given the time constraints, the current code might already be fast enough. 

Another idea: the user wants to find a lower bound. So, the current code's approach is to minimize the maximum of the integral. Perhaps using a different optimization strategy that focuses on balancing the integrals for various shifts. 

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum of several functions, which is a constrained optimization problem. 

But the main issue remains: how to find a good starting point and optimize effectively. 

Looking back at the previous code, the initial_h_values is used as the starting point. Maybe one way to improve the result is to use a different starting point. For example, instead of the initial guess, perhaps using a different pattern. 

But the user says that if the initial_h_values is available, we should use it directly. So we need to start from there. 

So, the current approach starts from the initial guess and then tries to refine it by applying various optimization methods. 

Perhaps the key is to apply more aggressive optimization steps, or to use a different initial guess. 

Another thought: the code currently uses a fixed set of initial guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses would help escape local optima. For example, generating multiple variations of the initial_h_values with small perturbations. 

Alternatively, using a method that generates a grid of parameters for the function. But this might be computationally expensive. 

Wait, the user wants to avoid using long literals. So perhaps the code should generate the initial guesses using mathematical functions that can be parameterized. 

In the previous code, the initial guesses include various generated functions. Maybe adding more of these functions with different parameters could help. 

Another idea: instead of using pulses, maybe using a combination of different waveforms. For example, combining a square wave with a triangle wave. But generating this algorithmically could be complex. 

Alternatively, considering that the optimal function might be a combination of multiple intervals arranged in a certain pattern. 

Another thought: since the problem requires that the integral of h(x) is 1 over [0,2], maybe the optimal h(x) is uniform in some way, but it's not clear. 

But with the current approach, the code is already trying to optimize this. 

Perhaps the main issue is that the previous code's optimization is getting stuck in local minima. To address this, the code could use multiple initial guesses and a more thorough exploration of the search space. 

In the previous code, the initial guesses include several types of functions, and then differential evolution is used. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or varying the parameters could help. 

Alternatively, using a different optimization library. For example, using the scipy.optimize.minimize function with different methods, such as COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, which are suitable for constrained optimization. 

But the previous code already uses SLSQP, which is suitable for constraints. 

Another idea: maybe the code can be modified to perform a more efficient search by focusing on specific parameters. For example, using a metaheuristic like simulated annealing, which can explore the search space more thoroughly. 

But implementing that might be complex and time-consuming. 

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach with a population of h functions, where each generation is evolved towards minimizing the maximum overlap. However, this could be computationally intensive. 

But given the time constraint of 100 seconds, it's possible that a genetic algorithm might not be feasible. 

Another approach: using the initial guess and applying a more aggressive optimization. For example, increasing the number of iterations in the SLSQP steps or adjusting the tolerances. 

In the previous code, the SLSQP optimization is run with maxiter=150 and ftol=1e-8. Maybe increasing the maxiter would allow the optimizer to find a better solution. 

But the code has a time budget, so the total time must be respected. 

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses multiple refinements of the best_h, but perhaps the refinement steps could be combined with more effective optimization. 

For example, after finding a good initial solution, using a global optimization method to further explore nearby regions. 

But again, this is similar to what the previous code is doing. 

In conclusion, the main areas to improve could be:

1. Generating more diverse and effective initial guesses.
2. Using a combination of different optimization methods (e.g., global and local).
3. Adjusting hyperparameters (e.g., number of iterations, population size, mutation rates).
4. Using a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function.
5. Exploring different mathematical structures for the function h.

Considering the previous code's structure, an improved approach could be:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Apply differential evolution with more iterations to explore the search space.
- Use a more effective local optimization step to refine the solution.
- Possibly use additional initial guesses generated with different functions.
- Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for more thorough exploration.

But given the time constraints, the code must be efficient. 

Now, to code this, I'll need to modify the previous code to incorporate these ideas. For example, using more initial guesses, adjusting the differential evolution parameters, and refining with SLSQP. 

But I also need to ensure that the code remains within the 100-second budget. 

Another possible improvement is to use a different initial guess that is more likely to lead to a better solution. For instance, generating a function with alternating intervals of 1 and 0, spaced in a way that their overlaps are minimized. 

Alternatively, using a function that has a higher density of 1s in the middle and lower density at the edges, which may help in reducing the overlap when shifted. 

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to say. 

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe replacing some of them with functions that have different patterns. For example, adding a sine wave with certain parameters or other mathematical functions. 

But I need to code this in a way that is compact and doesn't use long literals. 

So, in summary, the code could be adjusted as follows:

- Keep the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Add more initial guesses with different patterns.
- Increase the number of iterations in the differential evolution step.
- Adjust the SLSQP parameters to allow for more refinement.
- Ensure that the code runs efficiently within the time budget.

Also, the user mentioned that using different algorithmic ideas could be beneficial. Perhaps using a different starting guess, such as a function that is a combination of certain intervals arranged periodically. 

But how to generate this algorithmically? Maybe by creating a function that has a certain period and duty cycle, similar to the previous code's gen_saw and gen_triangle. 

Given all this, I think the best approach is to refine the previous code by:

- Using a higher number of initial guesses with varying parameters.
- Increasing the number of iterations in the optimization steps.
- Using more efficient optimization methods where possible.

But I need to code this concisely. Let me think of the steps:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the initial guess.
2. Generate several other initial guesses using different functions (pulses, saw, triangles, etc.).
3. Use differential evolution for global search.
4. Apply SLSQP refinement to each candidate.
5. Keep the best solution found.
6. Optionally, perform multiple rounds of refinement.

I'll need to code this in the run function, ensuring that the code is efficient and within the time budget.

Another thing to consider: the code may benefit from reducing the number of function evaluations. For example, limiting the number of initial guesses or using a more efficient way to generate them.

Now, translating this into code:

The previous code already has a way to generate different guesses, so I can try to add more variations or tweak the existing ones. For example, increasing the range of frequencies or duty cycles in the generated functions.

Also, in the previous code, the differential evolution is run twice with a certain number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a higher population size could help. However, the time budget is tight, so it's a trade-off.

Another thing to note: the evaluation of the objective function takes time. Therefore, the code should aim to minimize the number of evaluations while exploring sufficient of the search space.

In conclusion, the code should be modified to use the initial_h_values, generate diverse guesses, and perform multiple rounds of optimization, using both global and local methods, while staying within the time constraints.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 7):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```