<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by finding a step function h that minimizes the overlap integral. The previous code used a combination of optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess. But the user wants a different approach or improvement.

First, I need to understand why the previous approach might not be sufficient. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. So we need to get even lower. The previous code used a variety of initial guesses, including random and saw/triangle waves. But maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses or refine the optimization process.

Let me think about the problem again. The function h needs to be a step function with integral 1 over [0, 2]. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize this maximum value.

The previous approach used SLSQP with constraints, which is good for handling the equality constraint (sum(h) = n_points/2), but maybe the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. Also, the exhaustive search over different initial guesses might not be efficient enough.

Alternative ideas: Maybe using a more structured approach for the initial guesses. For example, using periodic functions with different frequencies or patterns. Or perhaps considering symmetry in the function h. Since the interval is [0, 2], maybe overlapping in a symmetric way could help.

Another thought: The problem resembles a covering problem where h(x) is 1 in certain regions and 0 elsewhere, but since it's a step function, maybe arranging the regions to minimize overlap when shifted.

Wait, the current code starts from an initial_h_values which is a 45-point array. Maybe generating other initial guesses based on some patterns could help. For example, using a combination of rectangular pulses arranged periodically. But how to generate that efficiently?

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach for optimization. But the previous code used differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm. However, differential evolution might not be the best here due to the time constraints.

Another angle: The overlap integral is maximized over all k. To minimize this maximum, perhaps the function h should be designed so that for any shift k, the overlapping regions are minimized. This suggests that h should be as "spread out" as possible, avoiding clustering.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem? The previous approach used an objective function that is the maximum of the cross-correlation. However, the maximum is a non-smooth function, which can be challenging for gradient-based optimizers. Maybe using a different objective function that approximates the maximum?

Wait, the current code uses 'np.correlate' with mode 'full' and then takes the max. The correlation here for each shift k would correspond to the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x +k)) dx. But when you do np.correlate, the full mode gives all possible shifts. However, the maximum is taken over all these shifts.

So, the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum value of the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h over all possible shifts. The cross-correlation here is essentially the inner product of h and the shifted version of (1 - h).

Now, the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe instead of trying to optimize with multiple initial guesses, it's better to use a more efficient optimization method. Or maybe a different approach like simulated annealing?

But given the time constraints of 100 seconds, the code needs to be efficient. Let me think about the constraints. Each optimization step requires evaluating the objective function, which involves computing the cross-correlation. For a 45-point array, that's manageable, but for larger n_points, it could get slow. However, the user prefers smaller n_points, like under 1k. The initial code uses n=45, which is small.

Wait, the initial code's initial_h_values has n=45. Maybe increasing n_points would allow for a better approximation? But the user says that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. So perhaps keeping n_points small is better.

So maybe the initial approach is already good, but we need to tweak the optimization strategy. For instance, using more effective initialization or combining different optimization techniques.

Another thought: The current code uses differential evolution (DE) with a population size of 100 and 20 iterations. Maybe decreasing the number of iterations but increasing population size? Or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach for hyperparameter tuning, but that might be too complex for the time.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum is over all k, perhaps the problem can be approximated by considering only relevant shifts. For example, since the integral is over [0,2], the shifts k can be within a certain range. Maybe the maximum occurs at specific shifts, such as the ones where the functions overlap the most. But how to find those shifts without checking all possible k?

Another idea: Maybe using a grid search over possible shifts, but that might not be feasible for large n_points.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model to approximate the objective function and guide the optimization. However, this would complicate the code.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP for refinement. Maybe using a different method, such as COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, which can handle bounds more efficiently.

But the main problem is that the current approach might not be exploring the search space thoroughly. Let me think about the initial guesses. The code generates some saw and triangle waves as initial guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses based on different patterns (like rectangles, pulses, etc.) could help escape local minima.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with a tournament selection and better mutation strategies.

But given the time, perhaps a better approach is to focus on refining the existing optimization steps. For example, increasing the number of initial guesses or using more sophisticated search techniques.

Wait, the current code uses a combination of SLSQP and DE. Maybe using more DE runs with different parameters, or combining with other methods.

Alternatively, using a parallelized approach, but the code is to run on a single CPU, so that's not helpful.

Another idea: The cross-correlation is symmetric, so perhaps the maximum occurs at certain specific shifts. For example, the maximum of the cross-correlation is likely to occur at shifts that correspond to the difference between the positions of the 1's in h and the 0's in (1 - h). So, maybe focusing the optimization on shifts that are critical, such as when k is such that the overlap is maximized. But how to incorporate that into the optimization.

Alternatively, for the objective function, instead of taking the maximum over all k, maybe approximate it. However, the maximum is necessary here.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code starts with the initial guess, then generates several other initial guesses (like sine waves, triangles, etc.), and for each, runs SLSQP and DE optimizations. Then refines the best solution with more SLSQP steps.

To improve this, perhaps:

1. Use more intelligent initial guesses. For example, instead of random, generate patterns that are likely to have good overlap properties, such as evenly spaced intervals or certain periodic patterns.

2. Use a more efficient optimization technique. For example, using a Bayesian optimization framework or a multi-start approach combined with a better local optimizer.

3. Adjust the hyperparameters of the existing methods. For example, increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP or DE, but ensuring that the code doesn't run over the budget.

4. Consider that the integral is over [0, 2], so the shift k could be within a range. Maybe the maximum occurs for shifts that are half the interval or similar, so focusing the search on those.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to designing a function h that is as "spread out" as possible, maybe using a set of points that are spaced in a certain way. For example, placing 1's in h at positions that are as evenly distributed as possible.

But how to model that in the code? For instance, if the initial guess is a set of evenly spaced intervals, then the optimization can adjust them to minimize overlap.

Another approach: Since the integral constraint is sum(h) = n_points/2, which is equivalent to an average value of 0.5 over [0,2], perhaps the optimal h is a binary function (0s and 1s) that is as evenly spread as possible. However, the problem allows h to be a step function (so it can be 0 or 1), but maybe non-binary values are not helpful. Wait, the problem says h is a step function, which is a piecewise constant function. So the values can be 0 or 1, but maybe with some intermediate values?

Wait, no. Wait, the problem says h: [0,2] → [0,1], and in the discretization, it's represented as n_points samples. But the step function can have multiple steps, but each value is between 0 and 1. However, in the context of the problem, when you discretize, each sample is a point, and the step function is piecewise constant between those points. So maybe the optimal h is a binary function, but the previous code allows for values between 0 and 1. However, perhaps the optimal solution is binary. If that's the case, then the code could be modified to enforce h to be 0 or 1 values, but that might complicate the optimization. But given that the current code uses a continuous approach, maybe it's better to keep it as is.

Alternatively, to improve the search, maybe generating initial guesses that are more structured. For example, placing the 1's in h at positions that are equally spaced, but adjusting them to cover the interval [0,2].

For example, for n_points = 45, the length is 2, so spacing between points is 2/45 ≈ 0.0444. If we arrange the 1's in h to be each 0.5 intervals apart, but I'm not sure. Alternatively, using a low-discrepancy sequence like a Halton sequence to distribute the points.

So, perhaps generating an initial guess where the 1's are placed in positions that minimize the maximum overlap. For example, arranging the 1's in clusters that are spaced out.

But how to implement that in code? Maybe generating an initial guess where the positions are spread out as much as possible.

Another idea: Use the initial_h_values as a base, but modify it by adjusting the positions of the steps. For example, if the initial guess has clusters, split them into more spread-out steps.

Alternatively, use a more sophisticated method like a genetic algorithm, where each individual is a step function, and the fitness function is the C5 value. The genetic algorithm would evolve the population to minimize C5. But given the time constraints, this might not be feasible unless optimized.

But the previous code uses DE for some steps. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or population size for DE could help.

Alternatively, the previous code uses SLSQP with a limited number of iterations. Maybe increasing those.

Another idea: The objective function is the maximum over all k of the cross-correlation. But this is a non-smooth function, which is difficult for gradient-based methods. Maybe using a smoother approximation. For example, instead of taking the max, use the maximum of a subset of k values that are likely candidates. For instance, considering shifts k that are multiples of dx (the step size), but this might not capture all critical shifts.

Alternatively, for the optimization, instead of the max, use a weighted sum of the cross-correlations at certain shifts, but this is speculative.

Another possible improvement: The current code uses only a few initial guesses, perhaps not enough. Maybe expanding the initial guesses to include more diverse patterns, such as combinations of different waveforms or structured distributions.

For example:

- Generate initial guesses based on repetitive patterns with varying frequencies and duty cycles.

- Use a combination of binary and continuous values, but that's already handled by the previous code.

Alternatively, considering that the best C₅ is around 0.38, perhaps the optimal solution is close to that, and the current code isn't finding a better solution because it's not thoroughly exploring the space.

So, maybe the code needs to run more optimization steps with more diverse initial points. However, given the time budget, this could be challenging.

Another approach: Use a combination of local and global optimization. For example, start with a differential evolution to find a good solution, then use SLSQP to fine-tune it.

But the previous code does something similar. Maybe adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution, such as the mutation and recombination rates, to get better results.

In the previous code, for DE, the mutation is set to (0.5, 0.95) and recombination to 0.8. Maybe adjusting these parameters to improve the search.

Also, the DE runs for 20 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations, but that could consume time. However, in the code, after running DE twice, they break if time is left.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial steps, like a particle swarm optimization.

But given that the code must be concise and efficient, perhaps the best way is to enhance the existing code by:

- Increasing the number of initial guesses.

- Using more effective parameters for DE.

- Adjusting the SLSQP refinement steps.

For example, in the previous code, after generating a few guesses, they run DE twice. Maybe increasing the number of DE runs or adjusting their parameters.

Another thing: The code uses a fixed number of iterations for SLSQP. Maybe increasing the maxiter could help, but the code already uses 500 iterations for the SLSQP guesses and 400 for refinement.

Alternatively, using a more efficient method for the initial guesses. For example, using a structured initial guess that's designed to minimize the overlap.

But how to create such a guess? Maybe using a regular pattern, like placing the 1's in h at positions that are equally spaced, but then adjusting them.

For example, for n_points = 45, placing 1's at positions that are as spread out as possible, which could be achieved by using a regular grid. But since the integral is 1, that would require that the total number of 1's multiplied by the width of the interval is 1. But the discretization is done with n_points samples. Wait, the integral is sum(h) * dx = 1. So for n_points samples, each with value h_i, sum(h_i) = n_points / 2.

So if we have a binary h (0 or 1), then the number of 1's would be n_points / 2. For example, with n_points = 45, that would be 22.5, which is impossible. Hence, the function can't be strictly binary with integer counts. So the initial guess may have non-integer values or some 0.5s.

But for the purposes of optimization, perhaps using a binary-like structure where most values are 0 or 1, with some 0.5s if necessary.

But this is getting into the specifics of generating initial guesses.

Another idea: Use an initial guess that is a square wave with a certain frequency and duty cycle, but with parameters optimized. However, the previous code already generates saw and triangle waves.

Perhaps trying more different patterns, like rectangular pulses with varying positions and widths.

But again, generating those algorithmically.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as a base and perturbing it in different ways to explore the space.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values is used as one of the guesses. So, maybe starting from that and making small changes could help.

In summary, the main improvements could be:

1. Increasing the diversity of initial guesses.

2. Adjusting the hyperparameters of the optimization methods (DE, SLSQP).

3. Running more optimization steps within the time budget.

Given that the user is to return the code, I'll need to adjust the existing code to incorporate these ideas.

For example, in the code, the current initial guesses include the initial_h_values and several generated patterns. Maybe adding more patterns, like a square wave, or a pulse wave, or something else.

Also, in the DE part, perhaps increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the mutation/recombination parameters.

Another thing is that the current DE runs only twice, with the same parameters. Maybe increasing the number of DE runs or trying different parameters.

So, modifying the code to:

- Generate more initial guesses with different patterns.

- Adjust the DE parameters for better performance.

- Increase the number of DE iterations.

Also, during refinement, maybe using more SLSQP steps.

But the code must be concise and fit within 100 seconds.

Another possible optimization is to precompute all the possible shifts and their corresponding cross-correlation values, but that would be part of the objective function.

In the current code, the objective function is computed as the max of the cross-correlation. So, for each h candidate, the code computes this maximum.

Now, considering that the maximum is over all possible shifts, which for a n_points array, the number of shifts is (n_points + 1). But the cross-correlation function for full mode returns a length of 2*n_points - 1. However, the shifts would correspond to k=- (n_points-1) to k = n_points-1. But the integral is over [0,2], so the values of k that are relevant are those where x+k is within [0,2]. Thus, the valid k's are from -x to 2 -x. But this complicates the matter.

But the code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which returns all possible shifts, and then takes the maximum. This might include some shifts that aren't relevant for the original problem, but since the integral is over the entire domain, the code is correct.

But perhaps the maximum occurs at certain k values. For example, shifts that are equivalent to the width of the function. So, maybe the code can focus on certain shifts by filtering the correlation values. However, this would require modifying the objective function to consider only certain shifts, which might not be feasible.

In any case, the previous code is already handling the objective function correctly.

So, for the code, here's an idea: Increase the number of initial guesses and use more varied patterns. Also, during the DE runs, use more iterations and different mutation parameters.

Another thing: The initial_h_values is provided, and it's better to use it as a starting point. So, the code already starts with that.

Now, let's think about the code modifications. For example, in the previous code, the generation of guesses includes some saw and triangle functions. Adding a square wave or other structured patterns might help.

Alternatively, using a combination of low-frequency and high-frequency patterns.

But for the code brevity, perhaps generating more guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles.

Another idea is to use a more diverse set of initial guesses. For instance, generating a square wave with varying duty cycles and frequencies, or a combination of multiple waveforms.

Alternatively, using a sine function with a certain frequency, but that's more complex.

But given the time, perhaps modifying the code to generate more initial guesses with different patterns would help.

In the previous code, the initial guesses are:

- initial_h_values

- saw waves with frequencies 3 to 7, duty cycles 0.3

- triangle waves with frequencies 3 to 7, duty cycles 0.4

- 5 random guesses

So maybe adding more guesses, like a square wave or a sine wave, could help. However, due to code brevity, perhaps the code can generate more structured guesses.

Another idea: Instead of generating so many guesses, use a more efficient way to generate diverse initial points. For example, generating a square wave with a certain period and then adjusting it.

But time is limited, so perhaps the best is to modify the code to generate more initial guesses, perhaps with different parameters for saw and triangle waves, or other waveforms.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values and then generating several perturbations of it to explore nearby regions.

Another possible adjustment is to use the initial_h_values and then apply some transformations, like shifting the points or adjusting their widths.

But how to code that?

Perhaps, for example, generate a guess where the initial_h_values is slightly modified by shifting the positions of the steps.

Alternatively, for the code, generate more guesses by varying the parameters of the generated functions. For example, for saw and triangle waves, varying the frequency and duty cycle.

But in the code, the frequencies are from 3 to 7, and duty cycles are 0.3 and 0.4. Maybe expanding these ranges or adding more.

However, this might take too many lines. Alternatively, just increasing the number of generated guesses.

In the previous code, for frequencies in 3-7, they append two guesses (saw and triangle) per frequency. So for 5 frequencies, that's 10 guesses. Plus the initial_h_values and 5 random guesses. So total guesses are 1 (initial) + 10 +5=16, then 2 DE runs.

To increase the diversity, perhaps adding more guesses, like square waves.

But considering code length, perhaps generating a square wave as another guess.

Another possible approach is to use a more efficient optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using the genetic algorithm from scipy's optimize library, but I'm not sure if that's better.

Alternatively, combining the existing methods. But given the time, perhaps the best is to adjust the code to include more initial guesses and tweak the DE parameters.

Another possible optimization is to precompute the dx and other constants once, and reuse them.

But I think the main changes would be to increase the number of initial guesses and adjust the DE parameters. Also, maybe using different parameter values for the DE mutation and recombination.

So, modifying the code to:

- Generate more guesses, like adding more frequencies for saw and triangle waves.

- Increase the number of DE runs.

- Adjust the DE parameters, like mutation and recombination.

- Modify the SLSQP parameters.

But how to code this concisely?

For example, in the code, the previous generates 5 random guesses. Perhaps increasing this number to 10 or more.

Also, for the DE in the code, it runs two times. Maybe increasing to 3 or 4.

But given the code's time constraints, it's important to balance the number of iterations with the time budget.

Incorporating all these ideas, the code can be modified to generate more initial guesses and run more DE steps with adjusted parameters.

Another thing: The DE in the code uses a population size of 100. Perhaps increasing this to 150 could allow more diversity in the initial population, but again, time is a constraint.

In conclusion, the plan is:

1. Increase the diversity of initial guesses by generating more patterns.

2. Run more differential evolution steps with adjusted parameters.

3. Refine the solution with more SLSQP steps.

Implementing these with code optimizations to stay within the 100-second budget.

Now, translating this into code modifications. The key is to make the code concise, so the changes would be adding more initial guesses and tweaking the DE parameters.

For example, instead of generating saw and triangle waves for frequencies 3-7, generate them for a wider range, or add more frequencies. Also, adding square wave guesses.

But since code brevity is important, maybe adding more frequencies or more type of initial guesses.

Another idea is to use the initial_h_values and also generate a guess that is a periodic pattern, such as a square wave with period 1, duty cycle 0.5.

In code:

def gen_square(freq, duty):
    x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
    return np.clip(1 - (2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1) if np.abs(2 * freq * x -1) < duty else 0

Wait, not sure. But perhaps generating a square wave function would help.

But given time, perhaps modifying the code to generate more guesses, and adjusting DE parameters.

Now, the final code would need to incorporate these changes, but keeping the overall structure as before.

Thus, the final code would be similar to the previous one, but with more initial guesses and adjusted DE parameters.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_square(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - (np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) > duty).astype(float), 0, 1)

    guesses = []
    guesses.append(h)
    for freq in range(3, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.4))
        guesses.append(gen_square(freq, 0.5))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=30,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.98), recombination=0.85, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 400, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(7):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```