<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution with some initial guesses. My goal is to find a better approach.

First, let's understand the problem again. The task is to find a function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is max_k ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. So, for each shift k, we calculate this integral and take the maximum. We want to minimize this maximum value.

The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1. The discretization uses samples on [0,2], so we need to create a step function with n_points samples.

The previous code tried several initial guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Then it used optimization methods to refine them. But maybe there's a better way. The previous best was around 0.381, and the target is 0.380876.

I need to think of different strategies. Maybe using more sophisticated optimization methods, or better initial guesses. Or maybe a different approach altogether, like using a Fourier series or some other structure.

Wait, the problem is similar to a covering problem. The overlap integral for shift k is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x+k) is 0. So, the maximum over all k is the worst-case coverage overlap. To minimize this, the function h should be arranged such that for any shift, the overlap is small.

This is equivalent to the covering problem where we want to cover the interval [0,2] with h(x) such that shifting doesn't overlap too much. So, the function h should be designed to have regions where it is 1 and then regions where it is 0, but arranged so that shifting by any k doesn't create large overlaps.

But how to model this? The previous approach used numerical optimization with various initial guesses and then refined them. But perhaps using a different structure, like a more optimized pulse train with specific spacing and duty cycles.

Another idea: since the interval is length 2, maybe the optimal function has certain symmetries or periodic patterns. For example, using a function that is 1 for certain intervals and 0 otherwise, arranged periodically. But the total area must be 1, so the total length of 1 regions is 1 (since integral is 1, and the function is step). So, for example, if the interval is split into N segments, then the sum of the lengths of the 1 regions is 1.

But the previous code tried various pulse trains. However, maybe a better approach is to use a more refined optimization method, or to use a different initial guess that's more promising.

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm could help explore different structures. But given the time constraint (100 seconds), maybe that's too slow. Or maybe a combination of different optimizations.

Another thought: the current code uses the initial_h_values. If I can create a better initial guess, maybe that would lead to better results. For example, using a more optimal pulse placement.

Alternatively, perhaps using a regular structure with multiple pulses arranged to minimize overlap. For example, placing pulses spaced in such a way that their shifted versions don't overlap too much.

But how to model this. Let's think of it as a covering problem. The function h(x) is 1 on some intervals, and 0 elsewhere. Let's imagine that the function h is composed of several intervals of 1s and 0s. The total length of 1s is 1. We want to arrange these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted by any k.

But this is too abstract. Let's think of a concrete example. Suppose the function has two large 1s separated by some distance. Let's say each is length 0.5. Their positions are chosen so that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Wait, but the interval is [0,2]. Suppose we have two intervals of 1s, each of length 0.5. The total area is 1. The distance between them is important. If they are spaced such that their shifts don't overlap much, then the maximum overlap could be minimized.

But this is just an example. Maybe using more intervals? Like three or four.

Another idea: the previous code tried pulse, sawtooth, triangle functions, but maybe creating a custom function with specific features. For example, using a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced in a way that their shifts don't overlap.

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of high and low duty cycle pulses. For instance, some intervals with higher 1s and some with lower. But how to structure that.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a game: given h, the worst-case shift k (which could be any real number) causes the maximum overlap. So, we need h to be as "non-overlapping" as possible when shifted.

But how to model this in optimization. The previous code uses numerical optimization with the objective function being the maximum of the correlation. The problem is that the max is a non-smooth function, which makes the optimization challenging.

So, the previous code uses a numerical optimizer (like SLSQP) to minimize this max. But maybe using a different objective function or constraints could help. Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization algorithm that can handle the non-smoothness better.

Another approach: since the maximum over k is involved, perhaps we can use a grid search over k and try to minimize the worst-case value. However, since k is continuous, this would not be feasible. But perhaps using a discretized k and then optimizing on that.

But the previous code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which effectively computes the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. So the max is over the cross-correlation values (scaled by dx). Therefore, the optimization problem is over the function h, such that the cross-correlation with (1 - h) is minimized in the maximum value.

The current code uses a combination of different initial guesses and optimization methods. However, perhaps using a better initial guess would lead to better results. Also, the previous code uses a series of guesses and refines them. Maybe adjusting the initial guesses to be more optimized or different.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization algorithm. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can balance exploration and exploitation. However, implementing that in a few lines would be difficult.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum, perhaps the optimal h is such that all cross-correlation values are equal. This is a common scenario in optimization problems where the maximum is minimized when all individual objectives are equal. So, if we can find an h such that the cross-correlation for all k is equal, then that would be the optimal solution.

But how to model that. The cross-correlation is max_k (integral h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx). If all the cross-correlations are equal, then the maximum would be that value. So, perhaps we can find an h that makes all cross-correlations equal.

But this seems like a challenging condition to enforce. However, for the purpose of optimization, perhaps we can use this as a constraint. However, it's not clear how to do that in practice, as the cross-correlation for all k is a complex function.

Alternatively, maybe focus on the key k values that could lead to the maximum. For example, the shift k that aligns the 1 regions of h with the 0 regions of h. So, the worst-case shift is likely to be the one that causes the maximum overlap. Therefore, if we can design h such that the maximum overlap occurs for only a few k, then we can optimize for those k.

But again, this is not straightforward.

Another idea: the current code uses different initial guesses. Let's see what the initial_h_values look like. Since the previous code uses initial_h_values, we need to make sure that the code doesn't copy its values. However, the problem says that initial_h_values is available as a global variable. So, we can use it directly. The previous code starts from that initial guess and then applies optimization.

But perhaps the initial guess is not the best. So, maybe generating other initial guesses that are more promising.

For example, using a function that has multiple intervals of 1s spaced such that their shifts don't overlap. Suppose the function has multiple peaks spaced periodically. For instance, if the function is 1 on intervals of length 1/(N), and spaced so that the distance between them is such that their shifted versions don't overlap much.

Alternatively, using a function that is a pulse with certain frequency and duty cycle, but optimized for this problem.

Wait, the previous code has a gen_pulses function. Maybe generating more of these guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles would help. But in the previous code, they tried frequencies 3 to 6, and some duty cycles.

Alternatively, using a different structure. For example, using a function that is composed of a few large pulses, but arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

Another idea: the target C₅ is 0.380876, which is about 0.38. So, the current best is 0.381. To improve, we need to find a C₅ less than that. How can we approach that?

Let's think of the optimal solution. For example, if we have a function that is 1 on a single interval of length 1, then the cross-correlation would be 1*(1 - 1) for shifts that move the interval out of the [0,2] range. However, for shifts that overlap, the integral would be the area of overlap. For example, the maximum overlap would be when the shift is 0, which gives the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx. Since h(x) is 1 on [0,1], then when k=0, the integral is ∫₀¹ 1*(1 - 1) dx = 0. But for other shifts, say k=0.5, then the integral would be ∫₀^0.5 1*(1-1) dx + ∫₀.5^1 1*(1 - 1) dx + etc. Not sure. Wait, maybe not.

Actually, for a single interval of 1, the maximum overlap might be when the shift is such that the overlap between the original and shifted interval is maximized. For example, if the original interval is [a, a+L], and the shift is k. Then, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) would be the area where x is in [a, a+L] and x + k is in the complement of [a, a+L]. Which would depend on the shift k. The maximum overlap might depend on the length of the interval.

But this is getting complicated. Maybe using multiple intervals is better. For example, splitting the interval into two parts. If the function is 1 on two intervals of length 0.5 each, separated by some distance. Then, the maximum overlap might be minimized.

But how to choose the spacing. For example, suppose the two intervals are [0, 0.5] and [1, 1.5]. Then, when shifted by 0.5, the first interval would shift to [0.5, 1], and the second to [1.5, 2]. The overlap with the original function would be where the shifted intervals overlap with the original. But this is getting complex.

Alternatively, think of the problem as arranging the 1 regions of h such that they are spaced as evenly as possible. For instance, using a pulsating function that is 1 for certain intervals and 0 for others, with the spacing chosen to avoid overlap.

But again, how to model this. Perhaps using a more structured approach, like a Fourier series that approximates the function h, and then optimizing the coefficients to minimize the maximum overlap.

But implementing that in the code would be time-consuming, especially within the time budget. Maybe not feasible.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method. For example, instead of using SLSQP, which can get stuck in local minima, use a more global optimization method like differential evolution. Or combine with a local optimizer.

Looking back at the previous code, the code uses SLSQP with some initial guesses, then differential evolution, then further refinement with SLSQP. Maybe adjusting the parameters of these methods, or using a different sequence of steps.

Another idea: since the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values, which is non-smooth, perhaps using a more robust optimization method. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach with a Gaussian process surrogate model to explore the search space more efficiently. However, implementing such an approach from scratch is not feasible within the time constraints.

Alternatively, perhaps trying to use multiple different initial guesses with varying structures. For example, not just pulses and sawtooth waves, but also other patterns like square waves, or random patterns.

Another thing to consider is the number of samples. The previous code uses 45 samples. Maybe using fewer samples could be better, as the problem says that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. However, the initial_h_values has 45 points, so maybe the previous code uses that and the user's instruction is to start from there.

But the user says that the current best is 0.381, and the target is 0.380876. To improve this, perhaps looking for a better initial guess, or improving the optimization process.

Wait, maybe the initial_h_values from the previous code can be improved by applying a more refined optimization process. For example, using a better algorithm to refine the initial guess.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code tries different initial guesses, then uses SLSQP with constraints. Then, it uses differential evolution to generate new guesses and refine them. Then, further refinements with SLSQP.

Maybe using a different order of operations. For example, doing more iterations of differential evolution, or using a different population size. Also, the time budget is 100 seconds. The code needs to be efficient.

Another idea: when using differential evolution, the current code runs it twice, each time with 50 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, instead of random guesses, generating a better initial guess based on symmetry or other properties.

Let me think about the structure of the previous code. The initial_h_values is the starting point. Then, it tries a few generated guesses. But perhaps generating a more optimal initial guess would help.

For instance, if I can create a function that's a combination of certain pulses with optimal spacing. For example, using a function that has multiple peaks arranged to minimize overlap.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess like a triangle wave with specific parameters.

Another idea: since the problem is similar to the covering problem, perhaps using a pattern where the function h is 1 on intervals that are as spread out as possible. For example, using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, spaced so that the distance between the intervals is such that their shifts don't overlap.

But how to implement this? Let's imagine that the function has two intervals of 1s, each of length 0.5, spaced by a certain distance. The spacing should be chosen to minimize the maximum overlap.

Wait, the total area is 1, so if there are two intervals, each of length 0.5, their total length is 1. The spacing between them would be the distance between the end of one interval and the start of the other. For example, if they are placed at [0, 0.5] and [d, d+0.5]. Then, the total interval is from 0 to d+0.5. Since the overall interval is [0,2], we need d+0.5 <= 2, so d <= 1.5. But what's the optimal d?

The maximum overlap would occur for a shift k that causes the two intervals to overlap. Let's say we shift the function by k. The integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) would be the area where the original function is 1 and the shifted function is 0. This would be the area where x is in the first interval and x+k is not in either interval. Or x is in the second interval and x+k is not in either interval.

But this is complicated. However, for the case of two intervals, maybe the worst-case shift would be such that the shifted interval overlaps with the original intervals. For example, shifting by (d - 0.5) would make the second interval start overlapping with the first.

Alternatively, maybe the maximum overlap is the area of the overlap between the original and shifted intervals. But this is getting too detailed.

Assuming that the previous code's initial guess may not be optimal, perhaps generating a better initial guess could lead to a better solution. For example, using a function that has more than two intervals, arranged in a certain way.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal function is not made of intervals but has a more complex structure, like a combination of pulses with varying duty cycles.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to code that. So, perhaps a better approach is to use numerical optimization with better parameters.

Another thought: the previous code used scipy.optimize's SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a different optimization method, like genetic algorithms, could help. However, genetic algorithms are more suited for larger search spaces, but given the time constraints, it's not clear.

Alternatively, trying to use a different objective function. Since the current objective is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation, which is a non-convex problem. Perhaps reformulating the problem to use a different expression that's easier to optimize.

Another idea: instead of using the max over cross-correlation values, could we try to minimize the sum of the cross-correlations? But that would not directly correspond to minimizing the maximum. However, if the maximum is minimized, the sum would also be minimized, but this is not necessarily the case. So, maybe not helpful.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum, maybe using a penalty method. For example, during optimization, penalize large values of the cross-correlation. But this is similar to the current approach.

Alternatively, use a different formulation where we try to minimize the maximum by adding constraints that each cross-correlation is less than a certain threshold, and then find the smallest threshold. This is a bi-level optimization problem and could be challenging.

But for numerical optimization, this might not be feasible. So, back to the previous methods.

Let me think about the code again. The previous code used a combination of different initial guesses, then refined them. Maybe trying a different set of initial guesses could improve the results.

For example, generating a function that is 1 for a certain fraction of the interval, then optimizing. But how to create such a function.

Another idea: perhaps using a function that is periodic. For example, a square wave with period 2, but with duty cycle 0.5. However, since the total length is 2, this would imply that the function is 1 for 1 unit and 0 for the other. But this is the same as the single interval case, which might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a function with a higher frequency. For example, 3 intervals of 1s and 0s. But again, it depends on the arrangement.

Perhaps the initial_h_values from the previous code is a better starting point. Let me think: the initial_h_values is a predefined array. If the user's previous code had an initial_h_values with 45 samples, then using that as the starting point might be better than random guesses. So, the code should start from there.

But the code uses a series of guesses, including the initial_h_values. Then, it refines them. So, maybe the initial guesses are not enough. Perhaps generating more initial guesses based on certain patterns.

Let me think about the code. The current code generates guesses for different frequencies and duty cycles. For example, gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle. Maybe adding more of these, like varying frequency and duty cycles.

Alternatively, trying to use a more advanced initial guess, such as one that is generated based on a known optimal structure.

But without prior knowledge of the optimal structure, it's challenging. So, the code may need to rely on the initial_h_values and the other generated guesses.

The previous code had a few iterations of differential evolution and SLSQP refinement. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the parameters could help.

For example, the differential evolution runs for 50 iterations with a popsize of 50. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a higher mutation parameter.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the refinement steps. For example, using the Powell method or another variant of SLSQP.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum, the user might benefit from using a multi-start approach with different initial points and selecting the best one. The previous code does this, but perhaps more starts could lead to better results.

Alternatively, adjusting the constraints in the optimization. For example, in the SLSQP step, perhaps using tighter tolerances or more iterations.

Now, to implement these ideas into code.

The plan is to:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generate additional initial guesses, such as pulse trains with different frequencies and duty cycles.
3. Use differential evolution to explore the search space more thoroughly.
4. Refine the best candidates using SLSQP with tighter parameters.
5. Monitor the time budget and stop early if necessary to avoid exceeding the time limit.

Also, ensure that the code adheres to the constraints—using the initial_h_values directly, avoiding long literals, etc.

Let me think about how to modify the previous code. The previous code had a series of guesses and used SLSQP and DE. To improve, perhaps:

- Increase the number of initial guesses (more pulses, triangles, etc.)
- Adjust the parameters of DE (increased iterations, larger popsize, better mutation)
- Use more refinement steps with SLSQP
- Try different frequency and duty cycle combinations

But since the code must be concise, we need to find a way to fit these changes.

Another consideration: the code uses `np.correlate` which computes the full convolution. However, the optimal function may have symmetries that can be exploited. For example, if the function is symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], then the cross-correlation might be easier to compute or optimize.

But again, without knowing the structure, it's hard to code that.

Another thought: the previous code's initial guess is the one that gives the current best. Maybe the code could focus more on refining that initial guess rather than trying many other guesses. For example, applying more optimization steps on the initial_h_values.

But the previous code did try that. So, perhaps the problem is with the initial guesses and the optimization method.

Alternatively, the code could be modified to use a different optimization algorithm for the initial guesses. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method instead of SLSQP.

But how to implement this within the code.

Alternatively, the code could be adjusted to prioritize the initial_h_values and focus on optimizing it thoroughly.

So, to improve the code, perhaps:

- Start with the initial_h_values and perform more refinement steps with SLSQP.
- Use differential evolution with more iterations and different parameters.
- Generate more diverse initial guesses, such as different frequencies and duty cycles.
- Use a combination of different optimization methods.

Now, considering all that, let's structure the code.

The code should:

- Use the initial_h_values.
- Generate other initial guesses (e.g., pulses, waves, random).
- Optimize each guess with SLSQP and DE.
- Refine the best solution further.

Now, considering time constraints, the code must be efficient. Thus, the previous code's approach might be the best, but with some tweaks.

Let me think about the parameters in the code. For example, in the previous code, the differential evolution runs for 50 iterations with popsize 50. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations would help. Also, using a different mutation parameter.

Another idea: during the refinement steps, using a smaller population and higher iteration count.

In addition, the previous code uses the 'full' mode for np.correlate. However, the cross-correlation for all shifts k can be computed efficiently. But the code needs to calculate the maximum of these values.

Now, to implement these changes in code.

But since the code is to be written in a single block, I need to make sure that the code is compact and efficient.

The code will start with the initial_h_values, generate other guesses, use differential evolution and SLSQP refinement, and track the best solution.

The key modifications could be:

- Generating more initial guesses (like more frequencies and duty cycles)
- Using better parameters in DE (like more iterations, larger popsize)
- Using a different initial guess that is more promising.

But without knowing what's better, it's hard to tell. So, perhaps generating more guesses with different parameters.

For example, in the previous code, for gen_pulses, they used frequencies from 3 to 6. Maybe extending that range. Or adding more duty cycles.

Alternatively, trying to generate initial guesses based on the initial_h_values.

But since I can't predict the optimal structure, it's better to stick to the previous approach and tweak parameters.

Now, considering all of this, here's a plan for the code:

- Start with initial_h_values.
- Generate several other initial guesses using different pulse, saw, triangle functions with various frequencies and duty cycles.
- Use differential evolution to explore the search space, but with more iterations.
- Refine the best candidates with SLSQP.
- Track the best solution found during the process.

Now, to implement this in code, but within the constraints.

The code must be concise, so I'll need to compact the various steps.

Another idea: since the previous code had a 'refine' function that applied SLSQP with many iterations, maybe increasing the number of refinement steps could help.

But the code must also monitor the time budget.

So, the final code will build on the previous code but adjust parameters and include additional initial guesses.

In conclusion, the improved code would generate more comprehensive initial guesses, use differential evolution with more iterations and better parameters, and apply multiple refinement steps with SLSQP to hone in on the optimal solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 8):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.25, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.25, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=70,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(8):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```