<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and my goal is to get even lower, maybe down to 0.380876. The existing code uses a combination of different initial guesses and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe I can do better by changing the approach.

First, I should analyze the existing approach. It uses an initial guess based on some pulse and sawtooth wave functions, and then tries various optimizations. However, it's possible that getting stuck in local minima is a problem. Maybe using different initializations or more sophisticated optimization strategies could help.

Let me think about the problem again. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. So, the overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). To minimize the maximum of these integrals. Since the integral is over [0,2], shifts k can be in a range that wraps around the interval. The maximum of these integrals across all k is what we need to minimize.

The constraints are that h is a step function with values between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. The discretized version uses n_points samples with dx=2/n_points. The objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h, scaled by dx.

So, the existing code uses a variety of initial guesses and then applies optimization. But perhaps a better approach is to structure the problem differently. For example, maybe using symmetry or other properties of the optimal function.

Another thought: the Erdős problem is related to minimizing the maximum overlap, which is similar to certain types of covering or packing problems. Perhaps introducing a more structured pattern in h(x) could lead to better results. For example, using a combination of periodic functions with specific frequencies and duty cycles, as the previous code does, but perhaps with different parameters or more optimized parameters.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm or other metaheuristic approaches that can explore the solution space more effectively. However, the existing code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, so maybe adding more diversity in the initial population or adjusting parameters could help.

Another idea is to use a more targeted optimization approach. For example, instead of trying all possible shifts, focus on the most critical shifts that contribute to the maximum overlap. But how to identify those shifts without knowing the optimal function?

Alternatively, maybe parametrize the function h in a way that allows for more efficient optimization. For instance, if we can model h as a combination of known functions with certain parameters, then we can optimize those parameters. But this might be complicated.

Wait, the existing code uses several types of guesses, such as pulses and sawtooth functions. Maybe trying more complex functions or combining different types could be beneficial. For example, using a piecewise function with multiple segments, each optimized for specific shift values.

Let me think about the initial_h_values. If I can start from a better initial guess, that might lead to better results. The previous code uses the initial_h_values provided, which is based on a certain pattern, possibly with symmetry or other properties.

Another approach is to use simulated annealing, which can escape local minima. However, the existing code uses SLSQP and DE, which might not be sufficient if the problem has multiple local minima.

Alternatively, perhaps using a combination of different optimization methods. For example, using DE to explore the solution space more broadly and then using SLSQP to refine the solution. The current code does something similar, but perhaps with different parameter settings.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a better approximation, but the problem statement mentions that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So the previous code uses 45 points, and the user wants to keep it under 1k. However, maybe a higher number of points could be better, but it's constrained by time.

Wait, the problem allows for any n_points, as long as it's less than 1k. So maybe using more points could give better results, but it's a trade-off between accuracy and computational time. However, the existing code uses n=45, so maybe experimenting with different n_points could be beneficial.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps using a moderate number of points, like 60 or 80, could be feasible. The code needs to be efficient enough to run within the time.

Another idea is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, if the objective function is smooth, then gradient-based methods might be better. However, the cross-correlation function's maximum might not be smooth, so the gradient might be noisy. But with a well-chosen initial guess, perhaps SLSQP can find a better minimum.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to guide the search for h. However, implementing such a method might be complex, especially within the time constraints.

Let me also consider the current objective function. The cross-correlation is computed between h and (1 - h), and the maximum of these values is minimized. The cross-correlation here is the convolution of h with the reversed (1 - h), but the mode is 'full', which gives the full convolution, so for each shift, the integral is computed over the overlapping regions. However, the exact computation depends on how the shifts are handled.

Wait, the actual overlap integral for each shift k is ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx. For the problem, the function h is defined over [0, 2], and when x + k exceeds 2, the value of h(x + k) is considered as 0. So the integral is only over the overlapping parts of [0,2] and [k, k + 2]. Thus, the cross-correlation might not capture this exactly, but the problem's discretization using np.correlate with mode 'full' would compute the correct values as per the problem's definition.

But in practice, the code uses the cross-correlation of h and (1 - h), which for each shift k, gives the integral over x where both h(x) and (1 - h(x + k)) are non-zero, but since the original function is over [0, 2], the integration is over x in [0, 2 - k] for k in [0, 2]. Therefore, the maximum of this cross-correlation scaled by dx is the C₅ value.

Now, the problem is to find a function h that minimizes this maximum value. So the challenge is to design h such that for as many shifts k as possible, the overlap integral is small.

An optimal h would be one where the areas where h(x) is 1 and where (1 - h(x + k)) is 1 (i.e., h(x + k) is 0) are as disjoint as possible. This suggests that h should be such that when it's 1, (1 - h(x +k)) is 0, and vice versa. However, since the function is over a fixed interval, this is only possible if there's no overlap between the supports of h and (1 - h(x +k)), but since h is a step function, this is challenging.

Alternatively, the optimal h might have a periodic structure, with regions where it's 1 and regions where it's 0, arranged in a way that the shifts of these regions don't overlap. For example, using a repeating pattern with a certain period and duty cycle that minimizes the maximum overlap.

So perhaps using a more sophisticated pulse or wave pattern with tailored parameters can lead to better results. For example, instead of fixed frequencies and duties, maybe optimizing the parameters of such functions.

Alternatively, using a combination of multiple such functions. For instance, a staggered pattern of pulses or a more complex waveform.

But how to model this in code? Perhaps generating several candidate functions with different parameters and then optimizing them.

In the previous code, the generated guesses include pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves with varying parameters. Maybe expanding this with more variations, such as different frequencies, duty cycles, and wave types (sine, square, triangle, etc.) could lead to better initial guesses.

Moreover, the current code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. Maybe if the initial guess is better, the optimization can find a lower C₅ value. So, if I can find a better initial guess based on existing knowledge or heuristics, that might help.

Another thought is to use a more efficient optimization approach. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Perhaps using a better optimization method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex method, or a more advanced global optimization algorithm.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the existing approach is the best way, but with some improvements. For example, using more diverse initial guesses, adjusting the parameters of the optimization (like the number of iterations, mutation rates in DE), or combining different optimization methods.

Additionally, the code uses multiple refinement steps with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or allowing more iterations could lead to better results, but this would take more time. However, the code already has a loop that refines the solution multiple times, so maybe that's already accounted for.

Another consideration is the discretization. Maybe using a more refined grid (more n_points) allows for a more accurate approximation, but the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. However, if the current best has n_points = 45, maybe increasing to 60 or 80 points could help, but the time budget must be considered.

But since the code must run within 100 seconds, the number of points is limited. For example, with n_points = 80, the dx is 2/80 = 0.025. The current code uses n_points = 45. So increasing the number of points might give more precision but take longer.

Alternatively, using a lower n_points but focusing on smarter optimization. For example, the current code uses n_points = 45, which is manageable.

Let me think about possible modifications to the existing code. What if I change the way the initial guesses are generated? Maybe instead of using fixed frequencies and duties, I can sample from a range of parameters and optimize them.

For example, generating initial guesses with random frequencies and duty cycles, then optimizing those. However, that would require more computational resources, but perhaps the differential evolution can handle it.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first using DE to explore the solution space, then using SLSQP for refinement. The current code does that, but maybe with more iterations or different parameters.

Another idea: the cross-correlation function is maximized at certain shifts. To minimize this maximum, perhaps we can prioritize minimizing the values at those critical shifts. For example, if we can find the shifts where the overlap is largest and focus the optimization on those.

But how to identify those shifts without knowing the optimal function? It's a chicken-and-egg problem. However, perhaps during the optimization process, we can track which shifts contribute most to the maximum and adjust the function to reduce those.

But that's more complicated. Maybe instead, the code can use a different objective function that not only minimizes the maximum but also penalizes certain shifts more heavily. However, this might be too vague.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum is the main concern, the optimization can focus on reducing the value at the current maximum shift. For example, during each iteration, the code can adjust the function to lower the maximum, which might lead to better convergence.

But implementing this would require modifying the objective function dynamically, which might not be straightforward.

Another approach is to use a different optimization library or method. For example, using the COBYLA method in SLSQP, which doesn't require gradients. However, the previous code uses SLSQP with 'ftol' set to 1e-8, which is quite tight. Perhaps adjusting the tolerance could help in some cases.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. The current approach uses numpy.correlate, which is efficient. However, for very large numbers of points, it may take longer. But since the code is constrained to n_points < 1k, it's manageable.

Another idea: since the problem has symmetry, perhaps exploiting that can reduce the number of variables. For example, if the function h is symmetric around the midpoint, then the number of variables can be reduced. However, this requires that the optimal solution is symmetric, which may not necessarily be the case, but it's a possible assumption.

But without knowing the optimal solution's properties, it's risky to assume symmetry. However, it might be worth trying to generate symmetric functions as initial guesses.

Now, considering the existing code's structure, perhaps the main improvements could be in:

1. Using more diverse initial guesses with optimized parameters.
2. Adjusting the optimization parameters (like population size, mutation rates, etc.) in DE to explore better.
3. Adding more refinement steps with SLSQP.
4. Using a different initial guess based on known good patterns.
5. Exploring different function types or parametrizations.

Let me think about the initial guess. The current code starts with initial_h_values, which is provided. If that's a known good starting point, then using it is beneficial. However, maybe generating a different starting point based on some analysis could be better.

Alternatively, using a more structured pattern, like a periodic function with certain frequency and duty cycle, where the parameters are tuned to minimize the overlap.

For example, if the optimal function is a square wave with certain frequency and duty cycle, then generating such functions with optimized parameters could be an initial guess. The previous code does this with pulses, sawtooth, and triangle functions. But perhaps adding other waveforms or fine-tuning these.

Another thought: perhaps the existing code's initial guesses are not sufficient. For example, generating more guesses with varying frequencies and duty cycles, or using more types of functions (like sine waves with different frequencies), could lead to better initial solutions.

But generating more guesses would increase the computational time. However, the code already has a loop that generates multiple guesses, so maybe that's acceptable.

Let me also consider the time budget. The code must run within 100 seconds. The current code has a few loops, and each iteration takes some time. Perhaps increasing the number of DE iterations or refinement steps could help, but it's a trade-off with the time.

Another idea is to use a multi-start approach with different initializations. For example, instead of using the initial_h_values, start from random initializations and optimize each one. But this would take more time, but the code's goal is to find the best solution regardless of the starting point.

Alternatively, combining the initial guess with random initializations could help avoid local minima.

Another approach: using a combination of different optimization methods. For example, first using DE to find a good solution and then using SLSQP to refine it. The current code does this, but maybe adjusting the parameters of DE (like population size, mutation rate, etc.) could improve the results.

Wait, in the current code's DE call, the parameters are set to popsize=50, maxiter=50, mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9. Maybe adjusting these parameters could lead to better convergence. For example, increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the mutation rates.

Alternatively, using a more efficient DE variant, like using a different recombination strategy or mutation.

But I'm not sure about the exact parameters. However, the code already has a loop that runs DE twice, which might not be sufficient. Perhaps increasing the number of DE iterations could lead to better results, but that would take more time.

Another thought: the current code uses SLSQP with a maximum of 150 iterations, which is quite high. Maybe reducing this could save time, allowing more iterations in other parts.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method for the refinement steps. For example, using the Nelder-Mead method instead of SLSQP, but that's speculative.

Now, thinking about possible code changes. To improve the existing code, perhaps:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses, such as more frequencies and duty cycles, and also include more types of functions (like sine waves).
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution to explore the solution space more effectively.
- Increase the number of refinement steps with SLSQP.
- Use a better initial guess, perhaps based on the initial_h_values but with some modifications.
- Add more random guesses to explore the space.

But how to implement this within the code's structure?

Another idea: the current code's initial guesses are all based on fixed frequencies (3-6) and duties (0.3, 0.4, 0.5). Maybe expanding this with more frequencies and duties could lead to better initial guesses. For example, adding more frequencies or a wider range of duties.

Alternatively, generating random guesses with different parameters. However, the existing code uses some generated guesses, like gen_random(), which creates a random h that is normalized. Maybe increasing the number of random guesses could help.

Also, the current code uses a loop that generates guesses and then applies the optimization steps. Perhaps increasing the number of guesses (like generating more of them) could lead to a better solution. However, this would take more time, but given the time budget, it might be feasible.

Another possible optimization is to use the initial_h_values as the first guess, then generate other guesses based on that. For example, perturbing the initial guess in various ways to create new initial points.

In summary, the plan for improving the code is:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, including more frequencies, duties, and wave types.
2. Adjust the DE parameters to better explore the solution space.
3. Increase the number of refinement steps with SLSQP.
4. Implement additional initial guesses, like more random variants.
5. Possibly use a different optimization method or adjust existing ones for better convergence.

Now, translating these ideas into code changes. For example, expanding the guesses list with more parameters. Also, adjusting the DE's parameters, like increasing the maxiter, or population size.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient. However, for each guess, the evaluation takes time. So, perhaps optimizing the objective function's computation could speed things up, allowing for more iterations.

But I think the code already has a correct evaluation function. So, focusing on the optimization steps.

Another point: the current code returns the best solution found, but perhaps the best solution is found during the DE steps or the refinement steps. Ensuring that the code thoroughly explores the space is key.

Another possible improvement is to use a better initial guess. For example, if the initial_h_values is known to be a good starting point, the code could start there. But how to get a better initial guess?

Alternatively, maybe there's a way to construct a better initial guess based on known properties. For example, using a function that minimizes the maximum overlap, perhaps based on covering the interval with non-overlapping regions where h is 1 and 0, but this is abstract.

In conclusion, the code needs to be adjusted to generate more diverse initial guesses, use optimized DE parameters, and allow more thorough optimization steps, possibly with more refinement iterations. Also, ensuring that the code uses the initial_h_values effectively.

So, implementing these changes would involve modifying the guesses section, possibly adjusting the DE parameters, increasing the number of refinement steps, and ensuring that the code efficiently uses the time budget.

Now, translating this into the code. For example:

- In the guesses list, generate more variations, such as adding more frequencies (like 7, 8, etc.) and more duty cycles.
- Adjust the DE parameters, like increasing the maximum number of iterations or changing the mutation rates.
- Increase the number of refinement steps, possibly using more SLSQP iterations.
- Add more random guesses.

But I need to ensure that the code remains within the time budget. Also, the code must be compact and not exceed the token limit.

Another idea: instead of generating all these guesses, focus on a few well-chosen initial guesses with optimized parameters. For example, using the initial_h_values as the main guess and generating a few others.

Alternatively, using a Latin hypercube sampling approach for the initial guesses to cover the parameter space more evenly.

But implementing such a method would require more code.

Another possible optimization is to use the initial_h_values as the first guess and generate variations from it, like adding small perturbations, to create new guesses.

Given the time constraints, I'll focus on the following changes to the code:

1. Generate more initial guesses by expanding the frequencies and duty cycles.
2. Increase the number of refinement steps with SLSQP.
3. Adjust DE parameters to allow more iterations.
4. Use a different approach for generating guesses, like adding more wave types or varying parameters.

Now, coding these changes. For example, adding more frequencies and duty cycle variations in the guesses list. Also, adjusting the DE's maxiter to 100 instead of 50, and increasing the population size.

Also, the code can use the initial_h_values as the first guess, then add more generated guesses based on different waveforms.

Another idea: using a different function generation method. For example, generating h as a combination of multiple pulses or waves with carefully chosen parameters.

However, without knowing the exact parameters, this is difficult. So, relying on the existing wave generation functions with more parameters.

In conclusion, the revised code would include these changes, leading to a better exploration of the solution space and potentially a lower C₅ value.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 7):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.25, 0.33, 0.5, 0.66, 0.75]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.25, 0.5, 0.75]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-5})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```