<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by finding a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The previous code used a combination of optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution starting from an initial guess. But I need to think of a way to improve this.

First, I need to understand the problem better. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is a step function over [0,2] with integral 1. The challenge is to minimize the maximum of these integrals.

The previous code uses several initial guesses and optimization steps. However, maybe I can find a better approach. One idea is to use more sophisticated optimization techniques or explore different initial configurations. Also, maybe the initial guess can be improved by using a more informed starting point.

Another thought is that the problem could be transformed into a constrained optimization problem where we minimize the maximum overlap. But since it's a maximization inside the integral, maybe we can use a different approach, like formulating it as a semi-infinite optimization problem. However, solving that directly is computationally intensive, so approximations are needed.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points) and depends on initial_h_values. The current target is to get C₅ less than 0.380876. The prior best was 0.381142. So there's a small improvement needed.

Maybe the key is to find a better initial guess. The initial_h_values might not be optimal. So perhaps generating different initial configurations, like more structured patterns (e.g., periodic, piecewise constant functions) could lead to better results.

Another idea is to use a genetic algorithm or other population-based methods that can explore the search space more effectively. However, the previous code used differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm. Maybe adjusting the parameters of that method could help.

But the user's previous code already uses differential evolution. So perhaps the problem lies in the initial search space exploration. Maybe trying different initial configurations, such as more varied patterns, could help avoid local optima.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a specific pattern. If I can generate alternative initial configurations, like using different waveforms (sawtooth, triangle, etc.) or random perturbations, maybe that could lead to better results. The previous code tried generating several guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles. But maybe there's a better way to generate these initial guesses.

Also, the previous code uses SLSQP for refinement. But perhaps using a different optimization method, such as a gradient-based method with specific constraints, or a more efficient solver, might yield better results. But since the problem is non-convex, local optima are a concern.

Another consideration is the number of samples (n_points). The user mentioned that smaller sequences (under 1k) are preferred. The previous code uses n=45, which is manageable. However, maybe trying different n_points could help. But the problem statement says to prefer smaller sequences, so sticking with that is better.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is a convolution-like operation, perhaps the optimal h is periodic or has symmetry properties. So generating functions that are more evenly distributed might help. For example, using a step function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that balances the overlap.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal h is a combination of multiple intervals where the function takes 0 or 1. The problem is similar to scheduling, where you want to arrange the intervals such that overlapping with shifted versions is minimized.

But how to model this? Maybe using a greedy algorithm where we place steps to minimize the maximum overlap. However, this might not be effective.

Another approach is to use a grid search over possible configurations, but that's computationally expensive. However, given the time constraints (100 seconds), maybe combining heuristic methods with local optimization could work.

Looking back at the code, the previous approach uses a combination of initial guesses and optimization. To improve, perhaps we can:

1. Use a better initial guess that's more structured.
2. Use more diverse initial configurations.
3. Adjust the optimization parameters (like the number of iterations, tolerance) to allow for better convergence.
4. Explore different optimization methods, such as using a global optimization method first followed by local refinement.
5. Try different ways to generate initial guesses, such as using more complex waveforms or random patterns with specific properties.

For example, the initial_h_values might be a certain pattern. Maybe generating a more uniform distribution or a more balanced pattern could lead to better results.

Also, the code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe using different methods, such as BFGS or other quasi-Newton methods, could help. But since the constraints are linear (sum(h) is fixed), maybe the problem is convex in some regions.

Another thought: the overlap integral can be seen as a norm of the function h with respect to the difference operator. So perhaps there's a mathematical way to find the optimal function, but that's likely non-trivial.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a optimization where the function h is piecewise constant, maybe we can use a dynamic programming approach or other combinatorial optimization techniques. However, given the time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Another angle is to look into existing literature or known results related to Erdős's minimum overlap problem. However, since this is a simulated environment, I need to rely on the code approach.

In the previous code, they generate guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles. Perhaps trying more diverse shapes, like sinusoidal functions or other periodic functions, could help. Also, using a combination of high and low frequency components.

But since the user mentioned that the previous code uses an initial_h_values, which is a specific starting point, perhaps trying to modify that initial configuration by adding more structure could help.

Alternatively, perhaps using a binary optimization approach, where h takes values 0 or 1, but since the problem allows h to be any step function (not necessarily binary), maybe a binary approach could be a starting point, but with more flexibility.

Wait, the problem allows h(x) to be any step function (i.e., piecewise constant), but the previous code uses continuous samples. However, in practice, with a large number of samples, the step function can approximate any continuous function. But since the integral is fixed, maybe using a binary h (only 0 and 1) is a starting point.

But generating such a function would involve choosing intervals where h is 1 or 0, ensuring the integral is 1. However, for n_points, this would require an exact allocation of the number of 1's and 0's.

But with n_points being 45 (as in the initial example), the sum of h is 45/2 = 22.5. So, if the h is binary (0 or 1), then the number of 1's would be 22 or 23. However, the previous code uses a continuous step function, not necessarily binary.

Hmm, but maybe trying a binary approach could be a way to start, since binary functions might have better overlap properties. However, this is just an idea.

Another idea: since the overlap is maximized over different shifts k, perhaps we can model this as a problem where the function h is designed to minimize the maximum of the integrals over different shifts. This is similar to a minimax problem.

To approach this, maybe we can use a gradient-based method where we track the maximum overlap and adjust h to reduce it. However, the problem is non-convex, so this might get stuck in local optima.

Alternatively, for each shift k, we could try to minimize the integral, but since we need to minimize the maximum over all k, this is a complex interplay.

Considering the previous code's approach, the key might be to generate better initial guesses. Let's think about generating more structured initial guesses. For instance, in the previous code, they generate sawtooth and triangle functions. Maybe adding more complex patterns, like combinations of different waveforms or specific periodic functions.

Another approach is to use a parametric model for h. For example, suppose h is a periodic function with certain parameters. By optimizing these parameters, we can find a good solution.

Alternatively, using a convolutional approach. Since the overlap integral is a convolution, maybe designing h such that its convolution with (1-h) is minimized in the maximum sense.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem?

Alternatively, consider that the maximum overlap integral corresponds to the largest value of the convolution of h and 1-h. To minimize this, we need h to be as "spread out" as possible.

Wait, the Erdős problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, which is equivalent to designing a function that doesn't overlap too much with its shifted versions. This is similar to designing a set of points (intervals) that are spaced out in a way that their overlap with shifted versions is minimized.

In the case of the binary function, this is equivalent to placing intervals such that their shifted overlaps are minimized. However, the current problem allows h to be any step function, so perhaps a more continuous approach is better.

Another thought: the optimal function h is likely to be symmetric or have some symmetry properties. For example, if h is symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], then shifting it by certain amounts would lead to symmetric overlaps.

But how to enforce symmetry in the optimization?

Alternatively, considering that the function needs to be periodic or have a certain structure to reduce overlap, perhaps using a waveform that repeats periodically and has a certain duty cycle.

But given that the integral is fixed, the function's average is 0.5. So any periodic function with average 0.5 would fit.

In the previous code, the guess functions are sawtooth and triangle functions. Perhaps trying more complex waveforms like square waves, but with varying frequencies.

Wait, perhaps using a square wave with a certain period that fits into the [0,2] interval. For example, a square wave with period 1 that alternates between 0 and 1. This would have an integral of 1 over [0,2], assuming the duty cycle is 50%, which it would be. However, the maximum overlap for a square wave would depend on the shift. For example, shifting by 0.5 would lead to some overlap.

But how would this function perform compared to other functions? It might not be optimal, but it's a starting point.

Alternatively, maybe using a more complex waveform with multiple peaks or valleys to balance the overlap.

Another idea is to use a function that is 1 for a certain period and 0 for another, but with varying duty cycles. However, this would be similar to the sawtooth or triangle functions already tried.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to designing a filter that minimizes the maximum cross-correlation with itself. This is similar to the problem in signal processing where you want to minimize the autocorrelation. The optimal solution for such a problem is the binary sequence with minimal autocorrelation, like the Barker codes. However, the problem here is slightly different because it's a continuous function over [0,2] and the maximum is over all possible shifts.

But maybe using a similar concept, but extended to the continuous case. For example, creating a function h that has minimal overlap with itself when shifted. The optimal solution might be a function with equal intervals where it is 1 and 0, which would mimic the binary Barker sequence.

But again, without knowing the exact optimal solution, this is speculative.

Another approach: the previous code uses differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe combining them with more sophisticated parameter tuning. For example, increasing the number of generations in differential evolution, but this might take more time.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method, such as Bayesian optimization, which is good for expensive objective functions. However, scipy doesn't have built-in Bayesian optimization, so it's not straightforward.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is computed using convolution, perhaps the maximum overlap corresponds to the maximum value of the convolution. Thus, the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum value of the convolution of h with (1-h). To minimize this, we want h to be as "spread out" as possible.

So, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is as uniform as possible, leading to minimal overlap when shifted. But how to model this?

Alternatively, using a function that is flat (constant) except for sharp drops, but this would create high overlaps when shifted. So that's not good.

Another idea: think of the function h as a probability distribution over [0,2], and the overlap integral is the expectation of 1 - h(x + k) over x. So, the maximum over k of this expectation. We want to minimize this maximum.

To minimize this, we want the distribution to be such that for any shift k, the probability that 1 - h(x +k) is as small as possible. This suggests that h should be spread out in such a way that for any shift, the overlap is minimized.

But how to formalize this? It's a bit abstract.

Perhaps the optimal h is a function that is 1 on a set of measure 1/2 and 0 on the rest, arranged in a way that the overlaps are minimized. This is similar to the binary case, but with a continuous function.

In the binary case, placing the intervals of 1s uniformly spaced would minimize the overlap. For example, if we divide [0,2] into intervals and set h to 1 on non-overlapping intervals of equal length, but this isn't possible because the integral is fixed. However, if we use overlapping intervals, it's complicated.

Wait, the integral of h is 1. So the total area under h is 1. If h is binary (0 or 1), then the measure of the set where h is 1 is exactly 1. To minimize overlap, this set should be distributed as evenly as possible. For example, placing the 1s in regions that are as spread out as possible.

But how to model this for a continuous function?

Another approach is to use a function h that has a high number of transitions between 0 and 1, which could help in minimizing overlaps. For example, a function that rapidly switches between 0 and 1 in a way that for any shift, the overlap is minimized.

But designing such a function is non-trivial.

Back to the code: to improve the previous solution, maybe generating more diverse initial guesses. The previous code tried generating some sawtooth and triangle functions. What if we try generating more complex waveforms, like a combination of frequencies, or using a random walk pattern?

Alternatively, using a function that's a combination of several periodic functions with different frequencies and phases. This could allow for more complex patterns that might balance the overlaps better.

Another idea is to use a non-uniform sampling of h. For example, using a function that is 1 for certain intervals and 0 for others, but the intervals are not fixed. This is similar to the binary approach but allows more flexibility.

But again, how to model this in code?

Alternatively, using a greedy approach to place the intervals of 1s in the function h to minimize the maximum overlap. Start with an empty h, then iteratively place a segment of 1s where it would cause the least increase in the maximum overlap. However, this is computationally intensive and may not be feasible within the time constraints.

Alternatively, precompute the initial_h_values with a certain structure that's known to be good for similar problems. For example, using a function that is 1 on intervals spaced at regular intervals, but adjusted to fit the integral constraint.

In summary, to improve the previous code:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, including more complex waveforms or structured patterns.
2. Use different optimization methods, possibly combining global and local optimization.
3. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.
4. Consider different ways to structure the h function, such as more symmetric or periodic patterns.

Now, translating this into code changes. The previous code uses several initial guesses generated with sawtooth and triangle functions. Maybe adding more types of initial guesses, like randomly generated ones with specific properties.

Also, the code uses differential evolution and then SLSQP for refinement. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in the differential evolution step or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Another idea is to use a different starting point. For example, if the initial_h_values are not optimal, start from a different structured pattern. For instance, using a binary function with evenly spaced 1s and 0s.

But given the n_points of 45, how to create such a binary function?

The integral is 1, which for a binary function means the total length of intervals where h is 1 should be 1. So, if we have n_points = 45, the total number of 1s multiplied by dx (which is 2/45) should equal 1. So the number of 1s would be (n_points / 2) = 22.5, which is not possible. Hence, the initial_h_values must be non-binary, but perhaps closer to binary.

Alternatively, creating a function with a high number of transitions between 0 and 1.

But how to generate such a function algorithmically? Perhaps using a function that alternates between 0.5 and 0.5, but this may not help.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 for half of the interval and 0 for the other half, but split into multiple segments. For example, dividing [0,2] into multiple equal segments and setting h to 1 on some of them.

But this would require careful placement to minimize overlaps.

In the code, the initial_h_values are given, so perhaps modifying those could help. However, the rules say to reference initial_h_values directly, not copy or paste its values. So we can't modify it.

Therefore, the approach should be to generate new initial guesses based on different patterns, and use those as starting points for the optimization.

Another idea: since the overlap integral depends on the shifts k, which range from 0 to 2, but in the code, the convolution is computed for all k up to the full length. However, the maximum overlap may occur at certain critical shifts, such as k being the width of the function's support. So, the optimal h should be designed to limit overlaps at these critical k values.

So, maybe the optimization should focus on reducing the overlap at these critical shifts. For example, ensuring that the function has small overlaps when shifted by certain amounts.

This could be done by adding constraints to the optimization problem to penalize overlaps at certain k values. However, this is an approximation and may complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, during the objective function calculation, the maximum is taken over all k, so the code already considers that.

In the previous code, the function obj returns the maximum overlap value. So the optimization is directly minimizing this.

Another possible improvement: given that the previous code uses a fixed n_points, but maybe trying different n_points (like 60 instead of 45) could yield better results. However, the user mentioned preferring smaller sequences, so 45 is acceptable.

So, sticking to n_points = 45.

To improve the code, perhaps using a more effective way to generate initial guesses. For example, creating a function that is a square wave with certain properties, or using a combination of functions.

Another possible enhancement is to use a different optimization method for the refinement steps. For instance, using the Sequential Least Squares Programming (SLSQP) method with different settings, such as increased iterations or better initial guesses.

Alternatively, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints well, but this depends on the optimizer.

In the code, the previous approach uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe increasing the number of guesses or varying the types of guesses could help. For example, generating more sawtooth functions with different frequencies and duty cycles.

Alternatively, use a different waveform, like a sine wave modulated with a certain frequency and duty cycle.

In the code, the generate functions like gen_saw and gen_triangle are used. Maybe adding more of these with different parameters could help.

Another idea: during the initial guess generation, use a more random approach but with certain constraints. For example, generating a random function with a specific average and then perturbing it.

But the previous code already includes random guesses. Maybe varying the parameters more, or trying more types of functions.

In conclusion, to improve the code, I can:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses, including more complex waveforms and random patterns.
- Tune the differential evolution parameters to allow for more thorough exploration.
- Use more effective refinement steps, perhaps with different optimization methods.
- Explore different ways to structure the initial h_values, possibly combining multiple patterns.

Now, translating these ideas into code changes. The previous code generates guesses with frequencies 3 to 7 and duty cycles 0.3 and 0.4. Maybe increasing the range of frequencies or adding more types of functions.

Additionally, maybe using a different starting point, like a function that's a combination of multiple periodic functions. For example, a function with two different frequencies, which could create more complex patterns that help minimize overlaps.

Another thing: in the previous code, the initial_h_values are used as the first guess. Maybe that's the best starting point, but perhaps generating a better initial guess could help. However, the initial_h_values are provided by the parent construction, and we can't modify them.

So, perhaps enhancing the initial guesses by adding more structured patterns. For example, adding functions that are a combination of several waveforms or using more complex waveforms.

Finally, ensuring that the code is optimized within the time budget. The code should run as efficiently as possible, using parallel processing if possible, but given that there's only one CPU, it's limited.

Putting it all together, the code can be modified to include more diverse initial guesses, with different frequencies and duty cycles, and possibly other waveforms. Also, adjust the parameters of the optimization steps to allow for better convergence.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    global initial_h_values
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_square(freq):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)) * 0.5, 0, 1)

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.4))
        guesses.append(gen_square(freq))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=20,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 400, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```