<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to go lower than 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better way.

First, I should understand what the problem is about. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral with its shifted version. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since the maximum of these integrals is what we need to minimize, this is a minimax problem.

The previous approach used various initial guesses like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random configurations. Then it refined them with SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better strategy. Perhaps using more structured initial guesses or different optimization methods.

I remember that for such problems, symmetry and periodicity might help. Maybe the optimal function has a symmetric structure. Also, considering that the integral over [0,2] is 1, the function must cover half the interval on average. So perhaps a piecewise constant function with certain intervals set to 0 or 1, arranged to minimize overlaps.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that minimizes the maximum correlation with its shifted versions. This is related to signal processing and coding theory. Maybe there are known constructions or techniques from those areas that could be applied here.

The previous code uses a fixed n_points (45 samples). Maybe increasing the number of points could help, but that might require more computation time. However, the user mentioned that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe keeping n_points smaller is better for speed.

Wait, the user wants the code to run within 100 seconds. So the algorithm needs to be efficient. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution, which are local optimizers. Perhaps using a global optimization method could find better minima, but differential evolution is already a global optimizer. Maybe combining it with some local refinement.

Alternatively, maybe using genetic algorithms? Though I'm not sure if that's available in scipy. Or maybe using a more efficient local search method.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed initial guess. Maybe using more diverse initial guesses could help escape local minima. For example, generating different patterns like different pulse sequences, or using a Fourier-based approach to create functions with specific properties.

Wait, the problem requires h to be a step function. The initial code uses step functions but perhaps more structured ones. For example, using a combination of intervals where h is 0 or 1. If we can model the function as a set of intervals with 0 or 1, we might be able to optimize the positions and lengths of these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap.

But how to model that? It might be complex. Alternatively, using a more mathematical approach: the integral over all shifts. The maximum over shifts of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) might be minimized by some optimal h.

Another angle: the problem is similar to a covering problem. The function h must cover the interval [0,2] such that when shifted, it overlaps as little as possible with the original. Maybe the optimal h is a periodic function with certain properties.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a game: for each shift k, the overlap is the measure of x where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. So we need to arrange h so that for any shift, this measure is small.

Maybe the optimal h has a structure that avoids overlap for all shifts. For example, if the function is designed such that when shifted by any k, the regions where h is 1 and h is 0 in the overlap are minimized.

But how to model this. Perhaps using a periodic function with specific frequencies. For example, a function that oscillates between 0 and 1 with certain parameters.

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of Fourier transforms. The overlap integral can be expressed as the convolution of h and 1 - h. So the maximum of this convolution is to be minimized. Maybe using frequency domain analysis, but I'm not sure how to translate that into an optimization problem.

The previous code uses a fixed number of samples (45). Maybe trying different n_points? For example, using a higher number could allow for more precise optimization, but the time budget is limited. However, the user prefers smaller sequences, so maybe 45 or even lower is better.

Another thought: the problem is similar to scheduling or interval scheduling where overlapping intervals are minimized. But again, not sure.

The previous code uses a combination of initial guesses and optimization. But maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, starting with different pulse patterns, or varying duty cycles.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using Nelder-Mead instead of SLSQP for some parts, or using coordinate descent.

Alternatively, since the problem is convex or has some properties, maybe there's a mathematical way to find the optimal function.

But since it's a minimax problem, it's likely non-convex, making global optimization challenging.

Another approach is to consider that for the maximum overlap to be small, h must be "spread out" so that shifting it doesn't cause much overlap. So, perhaps distributing the 1s in h as evenly as possible over the interval.

If h is a step function that is 1 for certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, the optimal arrangement could be similar to a periodic function with certain spacing. For example, if the function is 1 for intervals that are spaced such that shifting by any k doesn't allow too much overlap.

But how to model that. For example, if the function has multiple intervals where it's 1, each of length L, spaced apart so that the distance between them is such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

But this is vague. Maybe the optimal function is similar to a periodic function with a certain period. For instance, a function that is 1 for a portion of the interval, then 0, then 1 again, etc. The challenge is to find the optimal period and duty cycle.

Alternatively, think about the function h(x) as being 1 in some regions and 0 otherwise. The overlap integral for a shift k would be the integral over x where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. This is equivalent to the measure of the set {x | h(x) = 1 and h(x +k) = 0}.

To minimize the maximum over k of this measure, the function h should be designed such that for any shift k, the area where it's 1 and the shifted function is 0 is minimized.

Perhaps the optimal h is a function that is 1 for intervals that are as evenly spaced as possible. For example, if h is 1 for a single interval of length 0.5, then shifted by 1 unit, the overlap might be zero. But for other shifts, there could be overlaps.

But how to find the optimal shape. Maybe a more complex structure with multiple intervals.

Another idea: the problem might be related to the concept of "binary sequences" with certain autocorrelation properties. In coding theory, binary sequences are designed to have low autocorrelation, which might be similar to the problem here. So perhaps using known constructions from that field, like Barker codes, or others with low autocorrelation.

Barker codes have autocorrelation values that are low, but they are for binary sequences of certain lengths. However, our problem is continuous, but maybe similar principles apply.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that is a combination of multiple pulses arranged to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, using a function with multiple intervals set to 1, spaced in a way that their shifts don't overlap too much.

But how to translate this into an algorithm. Maybe start with a simple structure and optimize the parameters.

In the previous code, the initial guess was given, which is a 45-sample step function. Maybe starting from that and performing local optimization is better than random guesses.

But the previous code used a variety of initial guesses. Perhaps the initial guess could be improved. For example, using a more optimal initial structure, like a periodic function with certain parameters.

Alternatively, consider using a genetic algorithm to evolve the function h. Each individual is a vector of h values, and the fitness is the C5 value. The goal is to evolve individuals with lower C5. But implementing that might be time-consuming and may not fit within the budget.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimization approach. The previous code uses SLSQP which is a local optimizer. Maybe combining it with a better initial guess.

Another approach: the problem's objective function is the maximum of several integrals, each corresponding to a shift. To minimize the maximum, perhaps we can try to balance these integrals. So, for each shift k, the integral should be as low as possible, and the maximum among them should be as low as possible.

But how to model that. Maybe reparameterizing the problem to minimize the maximum integral, but this is already the objective.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where the objective is the maximum integral, and then using optimization techniques to minimize that.

Another possible optimization: instead of using all possible shifts, focus on certain critical shifts. Since the function has a period of 2, the shifts that are significant are within [0, 2]. However, the correlation is calculated for all shifts, so it's necessary to consider all of them.

But for computational efficiency, perhaps the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts. For example, shifts that correspond to the most significant overlaps. However, the previous code uses the full correlation, which is correct.

Now, thinking about the code: the previous code uses a combination of initial guesses and optimization with SLSQP and differential evolution. Perhaps the problem with that approach is that it's too slow to explore many possibilities within the time budget. Maybe using a more efficient optimization method, or a better way to generate initial guesses.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed initial guess, generate multiple initial guesses using different structures. For example, for each initial guess, create a function that has periodic patterns with varying frequencies and duty cycles.

But how to generate these efficiently. For example, suppose we create a function that is a pulse train with certain parameters. For example, the function could be 1 for intervals of length L, spaced every T units. Then, varying L and T to find a good balance.

Alternatively, using a Fourier series approach to model h. Since the function is periodic (on the interval [0,2]), we could represent it as a sum of sinusoids. But since h is a step function, it's more likely to be represented with a finite number of discontinuities.

But perhaps for the purpose of optimization, it's easier to use a step function with a fixed number of intervals. For example, if we have m intervals where h is 1, then the total length of these intervals is 1 (since the integral is 1). The positions and lengths of these intervals can be optimized.

But how to model this. For example, suppose we have m intervals of length L_i, such that sum(L_i) = 1. Then, the positions of these intervals are chosen to minimize the maximum overlap for any shift. However, this is a complex combinatorial problem, and the number of possible configurations is large.

But for a small number of intervals (like m=3 or m=5), maybe this can be done with some optimization. However, the code would need to handle this with some structure.

Alternatively, for the code, perhaps focusing on generating functions with a certain structure that is likely to give a good C5 value. For example, a combination of a few intervals arranged periodically.

But how to translate that into code. For example, if the function has two intervals of length 0.5 each, spaced so that when shifted by 1, they don't overlap. Then, the overlap for shift 1 would be zero. But shifts other than 1 could have overlaps depending on the spacing.

But this is just a simple example. The challenge is to find the optimal arrangement of intervals.

Another idea: since the integral over [0,2] is 1, the average value of h(x) is 0.5. So the function is neither too dense nor too sparse. But how to balance this.

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of the area of overlap. For each shift k, the overlap is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. This can be rewritten as the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) dx. For the maximum over k to be minimized.

If we can find a function h that is designed so that for any k, the overlap is small, that would be ideal. For example, if h is designed to have no overlapping with itself when shifted by any k.

But that's impossible because for k=0, the overlap would be the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x)) dx, which is the entropy of h. So for the case k=0, the overlap is the same as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx, which is minimized when h(x) is 0.5 everywhere, but that would have a value of 0.5. However, our problem requires maximizing the minimum over all k, so we need to find h that balances this for all shifts.

But again, this is not directly helpful.

Back to the code. The previous code uses a lot of initial guesses, including random, pulse, saw, triangle. Maybe the current code is not exploring enough diverse structures. Maybe adding more initial structures or using more sophisticated ones.

Another thought: using a function that is 1 in certain positions and 0 elsewhere, with the positions optimized. For example, if the function has m intervals where h is 1, and the rest is 0. The problem is to choose the positions and lengths of these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap integral.

This is similar to a covering problem where we want to cover the interval [0,2] with certain intervals, ensuring that overlapping with shifted versions is minimized.

But how to model this in the code. For example, for a given number of intervals, say 3, we could define their positions and lengths and then optimize them.

But for the code, this might require a lot of parameters. For example, if we have m intervals, each with a start and end (or a position and length), that's 2m parameters to optimize. However, for the problem, the total length of all intervals is fixed to 1, so one constraint is sum(lengths) = 1.

But if the code is to handle this, perhaps it would be too complex. Maybe for small m, say 3 or 4 intervals, this is feasible. However, it's unclear.

Alternatively, think of the function as a set of points where it is 1, but since it's a step function, the intervals are continuous. This is getting complicated.

Maybe the previous code is the best approach, but with some improvements. For example, refining the optimization process, using more efficient initial guesses, or adjusting the parameters for the optimization algorithms.

Looking at the previous code, it uses several initial guesses and then applies differential evolution and SLSQP. Perhaps the problem is that the initial guesses are not sufficient. For example, if the current initial guess is not good, then the optimization might get stuck.

Alternatively, using a better initial guess. The initial_h_values given in the problem might be a good starting point. But if the code is to start from that, then perhaps using more focused optimization around it could yield better results.

Another thing to consider is that the current code uses a fixed number of points (45), but maybe varying the number of points could help. For example, if we can find a better structure with a different number of samples.

But the user prefers smaller sequences, so maybe keeping n_points low is better. However, the problem is that with fewer points, the approximation might not be as good. But given the time constraints, it's better to keep it manageable.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a global optimization method that can escape local minima better than differential evolution. However, the scipy.optimize module's differential evolution is already a global optimizer.

Alternatively, using Bayesian optimization for the hyperparameters, but that might be complex and time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first perform a coarse optimization over a set of parameters (like frequencies, duty cycles, etc.), then refine with local optimization.

For example, generate a set of candidate functions based on different parameter combinations and then select the best ones for further refinement.

Another idea is to precompute all possible shifts for a given function and find the maximum overlap, then use this as the objective function during optimization. The previous code does this via np.correlate, which is correct.

Another possible optimization: instead of using all shifts, since the function is defined on [0,2], the shifts relevant are between 0 and 2. So for a function h, the maximum overlap occurs for some k in [0, 2]. But the correlation function calculated by np.correlate considers all shifts, so the code is correct.

Now, the previous code uses 45 points and a lot of initial guesses. Perhaps using a more focused initial guess, such as the initial_h_values, and then optimizing it with a better method.

Alternatively, the code could try to generate initial guesses that are more structured, like functions with specific cyclical patterns.

For example, consider a function that is columnar, like a sine wave or triangular wave, but with certain parameters adjusted to minimize overlap.

Another approach: the problem is similar to designing a function with minimal maximum autocorrelation. So, perhaps using a function that has minimal autocorrelation, such as a periodic function with specific properties.

But again, how to translate that into code.

Another idea: given that the previous code uses a combination of methods, perhaps adding a new optimization phase that uses a different approach, like a gradient-based method with a better initialization.

Alternatively, improving the initial guesses by generating more sophisticated patterns. For example, using a function that combines multiple pulse trains, or a function that is a combination of sine and cosine waves with certain frequencies.

But this is getting too vague.

Considering that the previous code's best result was around 0.381142, which is slightly above the target of 0.380876, there's room for improvement. Perhaps by finding a better initial guess or optimizing more effectively.

Let me think about the current code's approach. It uses several initial guesses and then optimizes them. Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, the code generates pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves with certain frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe adding more guesses, or varying the parameters more.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of samples, perhaps using a smaller number of points, like 30 or 40, to make optimization faster. But the initial_h_values is for 45 samples, so the code probably uses that.

Alternatively, using the initial guess and then applying a more effective optimization. For example, using a combination of differential evolution and then SLSQP to refine.

But the previous code does that. So perhaps there's a better way to choose the parameters for the optimization algorithm.

For example, in the SLSQP method, the options can be adjusted. The current code uses maxiter=150 and ftol=1e-8. Maybe increasing the maxiter or adjusting ftol could help, but that may take more time.

Alternatively, using a more efficient implementation. For example, using a lower precision for the optimization steps.

Alternatively, the code may not be exploring enough different initial guesses. For instance, the current code generates guesses based on frequencies and duty cycles, but maybe generating more diverse functions could help.

Another thought: the integral for the overlap is maximized for certain shifts. For example, the maximum might occur at shifts that are half the interval, or other fractions. So, perhaps the code could focus on optimizing for specific shifts, rather than all shifts.

But that's not knowing which shifts are critical, and the previous code considers all shifts.

Alternatively, the problem could be rephrased as finding the function that minimizes the maximum correlation with its shifted versions. So, this is a well-known problem in signal processing, where the goal is to minimize the maximum autocorrelation. In that case, there are known methods to construct such functions.

For example, using a function with minimal autocorrelation, such as a sequence with values 0 and 1, that has minimal maximum correlation. Techniques for this include using Golomb rulers or other combinatorial structures. However, I'm not familiar with the exact methods.

Another possible approach is to use a function that is symmetric around the center of the interval. For example, h(x) is symmetric around x=1. This could help reduce overlaps for certain shifts.

But again, how to incorporate this into the code.

Another idea: using a function that is 1 in specific intervals, such that shifting it by any k causes minimal overlap. For example, if the function's 1s are spread in a way that any shift would overlap with only a small part of the function.

For example, suppose the function is 1 for intervals that are spaced by more than half the interval's length. But this is too vague.

In conclusion, the previous code is a good starting point, but there might be ways to improve it. Since the code uses a combination of initial guesses and optimization, perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could help. Alternatively, using a different optimization strategy, such as using a population-based method like genetic algorithms, or adjusting the parameters of the existing methods.

But since the user wants a code block, I need to think of a way to implement this. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the initial guess generation and optimize it more effectively.

So, the code could:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a base.
2. Generate additional initial guesses based on different patterns.
3. Use a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP with careful parameter tuning.
4. Refine the best solution with more iterations.

Another possible improvement is to use a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, instead of generating all those pulse, saw, triangle functions, perhaps generating functions that are combinations of different patterns.

But how to code that. Perhaps the code can generate a set of functions with varying parameters.

Another idea: for the initial guesses, use a function that is 1 for intervals that are arranged periodically. For example, a function that is 1 for intervals of length 1/m, spaced periodically. This can be generated for different m.

But how to implement that.

Alternatively, generate a function that is 1 for intervals centered around certain positions, arranged to minimize overlap.

But this is getting too vague without code.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a more focused set of initial guesses, and improve the optimization parameters. For example, using more iterations for the optimization steps, or adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods.

Additionally, the code could try to utilize the fact that the initial_h_values is already a good starting point and focus on refining it.

Another possible optimization is to reduce the number of initial guesses to focus on more promising ones. For example, only generate a few well-chosen patterns and refine them.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values and apply a more effective optimization method.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include various functions. Let's consider that the current best solution is around 0.3811. To get lower than 0.380876, perhaps the code can try to adjust the optimization process to find a better solution.

For example, using a more aggressive refinement phase, or using a different method to generate initial guesses.

Another possible change: using a different initial guess, such as a function with a higher number of intervals, which may allow for better overlap distribution.

In conclusion, the code should be modified to:

- Use the initial_h_values as the primary starting point.
- Generate additional initial guesses with different patterns.
- Optimize using a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP with adjusted parameters.
- Perform multiple refinement steps to improve the solution.

The previous code already does many of these, but perhaps by focusing more on certain types of initial guesses and refactoring the optimization steps, the code can find a better solution.

Now, translating this into code. The previous code had a function 'run' that uses various initial guesses and optimization steps. To improve it, perhaps the following changes could be made:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses generated, using more varied patterns.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods (like increasing maxiter or changing the tolerance).
3. Add more refinement steps.
4. Use a different initial guess generation strategy, like combining different patterns.

However, given the time constraints for the code to run, the code must be efficient.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed initial guess, generate a few well-chosen initial guesses based on the initial_h_values and then optimize from those.

For example, perturb the initial_h_values slightly and optimize from there.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values as the first guess and optimize it with more aggressive steps.

Another possible improvement is to swap the order of the optimization steps. For example, first perform differential evolution with more iterations and then use SLSQP for refinement.

But given the previous code's structure, perhaps the best way is to refine the code to make it more effective.

In the code, the 'guesses' list includes several types of functions. Maybe increasing the number of these guesses could help. For example, adding more pulse, saw, and triangle functions with different parameters.

But how to code this.

Alternatively, generate more random guesses but with better parameters.

Another possible change is to adjust the parameters for the differential evolution, such as increasing the mutation and recombination rates to explore the search space more thoroughly.

In the previous code, the differential evolution uses popsize=50, maxiter=50, mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8. Perhaps increasing the maxiter would allow more thorough exploration, but this takes time.

Alternatively, using a smaller population size but more iterations.

However, given the time budget of 100 seconds, the code has to balance exploration and exploitation.

In conclusion, the code should focus on generating diverse initial guesses, using a combination of optimization methods with careful parameter tuning, and performing thorough refinement steps to improve the solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 7):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=40, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```