<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution with some initial guesses. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. So I need to find a better construction.

First, I should understand the problem. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So the worse-case overlap is what we need to minimize.

The previous code uses various guesses like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random initializations. Then it applies SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. But maybe there's a better approach. Perhaps using more structured or different initial guesses?

Let me think. The problem is similar to designing a function that's as "spread out" as possible, so that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much. The previous code's initial guess (initial_h_values) is a 45-sample array. Maybe I should start with that or other structured patterns.

Wait, the current code uses initial_h_values. But maybe the initial guess isn't the best. Maybe starting from a different structure, like a binary pattern with certain period, could lead to better results.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], the average value is 0.5. So perhaps h should be a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in such a way that the overlaps are minimized. For example, a periodic function with certain properties.

But how to model that? Maybe using a binary pattern with a certain period. Let me think about the overlap. For a given shift k, the overlap is the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). If h is periodic, then maybe shifting by certain amounts would lead to lower overlaps.

Alternatively, think of the problem as trying to minimize the maximum overlap. Since the overlap is maximized when h(x) and 1 - h(x + k) are both non-zero over the maximum area. So, we need h to have regions where it is 1, and then when shifted by k, these regions don't overlap much with the regions where h is 1.

So perhaps arranging the function h in such a way that its 1s are spread out in the interval [0,2], ensuring that shifting by any k doesn't cause significant overlap.

Another thought: the problem resembles the "no-three-in-line" problem or other covering problems. Maybe using a mathematical structure like a regular polygon or a specific tiling pattern.

But how to translate that into a step function? Maybe using a pattern that repeats every certain interval, but with different duty cycles.

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy approach where at each step, we adjust h to minimize the maximum overlap. However, with the constraints of the integral being 1.

Wait, the previous approach uses numerical optimization with SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe the current code isn't efficient enough, and with a better optimization strategy, we can find a better solution.

Let me think about the method. The code starts with initial guesses, then uses SLSQP to refine them. Then, differential evolution is used for some iterations. Then, further refinement with SLSQP. But perhaps there's a better way to combine these.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization algorithm, like genetic algorithms, but with the given time constraints (100 seconds), it's not clear. Also, the code is supposed to fit within 300 lines, so I need to keep it concise.

Another idea: instead of using random initializers, use some structured patterns. For example, a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that minimizes the overlap. Let me think about the optimal h for C₅. If h is a step function that is 1 on intervals of length 1/5, but spaced in a certain way. But this is vague.

Alternatively, maybe using Fourier analysis. Since the overlap integral can be related to the Fourier transform of h and its shifts. But I'm not sure how to apply that directly here.

Wait, another approach: the maximum overlap for any shift k can be written as the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. This is the same as the integral over x of h(x) - h(x)h(x +k) dx. Since the integral of h is 1, the first term is 1 (since the integral of 1 - h(x +k) over x is the same as integral of h(x +k) over x, which is 1). Wait, no: the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx = integral h(x) dx - integral h(x)h(x +k) dx. The first term is 1, because the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1. So the entire integral is 1 minus the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx over x. Therefore, the original problem is to minimize over k the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. But since the maximum of this quantity is what we want to minimize. Wait, no: the original problem is to find h that minimizes the maximum of the integral h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx, which is equal to 1 - integral h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum of this is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. So the problem is equivalent to maximizing the minimum over k of the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx, over all possible h with integral 1.

This is an interesting transformation. So perhaps the problem can be approached by trying to maximize the minimum overlap. Wait, but the original problem is to minimize the maximum of the overlap integral. Let me confirm:

The original C₅ is max_k ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. Since ∫ h(x) dx =1, then ∫ h(x) dx * ∫ (1 - h(x +k)) dx = 1 * ∫ (1 - h(x +k)) dx. But ∫ (1 - h(x +k)) dx over [0,2] is also 1, because shifting doesn't change the integral. However, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx is not necessarily 1, but depends on the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k.

So, the original problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of the overlap between h and its shifted version. So perhaps we can think of h as a function that is as non-overlapping as possible with its shifts.

This is similar to designing a function that has minimal autocorrelation. So, perhaps using functions with low autocorrelation, like in radar or signal processing. For example, a Barker code has low autocorrelation, but they're typically binary sequences.

Wait, the problem here is similar to designing a binary sequence (since h is a step function, 0 or 1, but with possible multiple intervals) that maximizes the minimum of its autocorrelations. But in our case, it's the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx, which is like the cross-correlation of h with itself shifted by k.

But since h can take values between 0 and 1, not just binary, the problem becomes more general.

So, perhaps the optimal h is a binary function that's as spread out as possible. But since the integral is 1, the total length of the 1's in h is 1. For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are distributed in the [0,2] domain such that shifting doesn't overlap much.

So, for example, if h is a square wave that's 1 for intervals of length 0.5, spaced apart so that shifting by 0.5 or other distances doesn't cause overlap. But the exact spacing would need to be determined.

Another thought: since the interval is [0,2], and the integral of h is 1, the total "1" regions of h have length 1. So, if we can arrange them such that any shift k overlaps with them as little as possible.

But how to model this? Let me think about the optimal arrangement of the 1s. If the 1s are spread out in such a way that for any shift k, the overlap between the 1s and the shifted 1s is minimized. For example, if the 1s are arranged periodically with a certain period, then the overlap can be controlled.

Suppose we divide the interval [0,2] into intervals where the function h is 1. Let me imagine that h is 1 on intervals that are spaced periodically. For example, if we have three intervals of 1/3 length each, separated by 1/3 spacing. Wait, but the total length would be 1. So three intervals of 1/3 each would sum to 1. So if they are placed such that they don't overlap when shifted by a certain amount.

Alternatively, maybe a binary function where the 1s are placed at positions that are spaced equally. For instance, if we have 5 intervals of 0.2 length each, spaced so that shifting by 0.4 doesn't cause overlap. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, think of the problem as similar to the problem of placing points on a circle to minimize maximum overlap when rotated. Maybe that's a known problem.

But how to translate this into a step function. Maybe the optimal solution is a hexagonal or some regular arrangement. But again, not sure.

Another approach: since the integral is 1, maybe h is designed to be 1 on intervals that are equally spaced. For example, split the interval [0,2] into n equal parts, and set h to be 1 on exactly m intervals, such that the total length is 1. For example, if the interval is split into 5 bands, each of width 2/5 = 0.4. Then, if we choose m intervals such that their total length is 1, but the arrangement is such that overlaps are minimized.

Wait, for example, if there are two intervals of length 1/2, spaced so that their overlap with shifted versions is minimized. Let's say the first interval is [0, 0.5], the second is [1, 1.5]. Then shifting by 0.5, the first interval shifts to [0.5, 1], overlapping with the second interval [1, 1.5] at 1. So the overlap is 0.5. The integral h(x)h(x + 0.5) dx would be the area of the overlap. But with n_points samples, this is manageable.

But this is a very simple initial guess, perhaps better than the current one? Not sure. Maybe using more intervals.

Alternatively, the optimal function might be a binary function with several intervals, arranged to minimize overlap.

But the problem allows h to be any step function, not necessarily binary. So maybe allowing h to take values between 0 and 1 could provide better results. However, in the previous approach, the code uses continuous optimization, which might not be captured by binary or periodic functions.

Hmm. Maybe using a different optimization strategy. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. However, differential evolution might not explore the search space efficiently. Maybe using a better optimization method, or combining multiple.

Alternatively, use a particle swarm optimization or other metaheuristics. But again, time constraints are tight.

Another idea: the previous code uses a lot of random guesses, but maybe some structured guesses could be better. For example, generating some structured patterns using Fourier series or other methods. But how to generate those structures algorithmically.

Alternatively, think of h as a function that is periodic with certain properties. For instance, if h is periodic with period 2, then the overlap for shifts that are multiples of the period would be zero, but other shifts would have some overlap. However, the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, so the average is 0.5.

Another approach: since the current code's best result is 0.381, which is close to the target 0.380876, perhaps the initial guess is already near the optimal, and small improvements can be made. Maybe refining the initial guess with more focused optimization.

The previous code uses the initial_h_values and then refines via SLSQP and DE. But perhaps further refinement with better parameters or different strategies can help.

But how to modify the code to make it more efficient within the time budget.

Another thought: the current code uses a lot of iterations, but with limited time, maybe focusing on a single high-quality guess and refining it more thoroughly.

Alternatively, perhaps using a better optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, and differential evolution for global search. Maybe combining these in a smarter way.

Alternatively, use a genetic algorithm, but in Python, the scipy.optimize library doesn't have a built-in genetic algorithm. However, there are other packages, but the user's code is restricted to scipy, numpy, and others. So maybe it's not possible.

Another idea: considering that the problem is convex or can be approximated as such. But the objective function is non-convex, so that's unlikely.

Wait, perhaps the problem can be transformed into a constrained optimization problem. The constraints are that the integral of h is 1 and 0 ≤ h(x) ≤ 1. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the overlap integral over k. However, optimizing over the max is challenging because it's a non-convex problem.

But maybe we can use a more efficient optimization strategy for the maximum. For example, use an approach that alternately optimizes for each shift k, but that's not easy to implement.

Alternatively, the code could use a heuristic that tries to balance the overlaps for different k. But how?

Alternatively, consider that the maximum overlap occurs for specific values of k, and try to design h to minimize those.

But I'm not sure. Let's return to the code.

The current code uses a number of initial guesses, then applies SLSQP and DE. Perhaps the issue is that the initial guesses might not be diverse enough. For example, if the initial guess is just a periodic function, maybe other structures are overlooked.

So maybe generating more varied initial guesses. For example, using different frequencies, duty cycles, or combining different types of functions.

Another idea: use more structured guesses based on mathematical patterns. For instance, generating functions based on equidistant points, or using a greedy algorithm to place intervals of 1s in the [0,2] interval to minimize overlaps.

For example, place the intervals of 1s such that each new interval is placed as far as possible from existing intervals. This is similar to the greedy algorithm for covering a line with intervals, but with the goal of minimizing overlap when shifted.

But implementing this in code would require an algorithm to generate such placements. For instance, starting with an initial interval, then adding new intervals that avoid overlapping as much as possible. However, this would require an iterative process.

But given that the code must be concise and fit in a 300-line limit, maybe it's not feasible to code such an algorithm.

Alternatively, using a function that is designed to have low cross-correlation. For example, a function that's 1 on intervals that are spread out as much as possible.

Alternatively, consider that the optimal h is a binary function with certain properties. Suppose h is 1 on a set of intervals that are equally spaced. For example, if there are m intervals of length l, each separated by spacing s, such that total length is m*l =1. The spacing between intervals would be s. Then, shifting by s would cause the intervals to overlap.

So, for example, if m=4, then each interval is 0.25 in length, and spaced such that the next interval starts at 0.5, so that the distance between the end of one interval and the start of the next is 0.5.

But how to choose these parameters to minimize the maximum overlap.

Another approach: since the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum inner product between h and its shifted versions, perhaps the optimal h is a "balanced" function that has certain symmetry or periodicity.

Alternatively, using a binary sequence that is a de Bruijn sequence or another combinatorial structure.

But given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to focus on optimizing the existing code's parameters and structure.

Looking at the current code, the initial guess is initial_h_values (n=45), and then various generated functions. The code uses SLSQP and DE. Perhaps the issue is that the DE is too slow, and needs to be adjusted. For example, reducing the number of iterations in DE, but with more efficient parameters.

Alternatively, instead of using multiple initial guesses, focus on the initial guess and refine it.

Alternatively, use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO), but I don't think that's available in scipy. However, scipy has implementations of differential evolution, which is used in the code. So, perhaps adjusting the differential evolution parameters to be more efficient.

In the current code, DE is used with popsize=150, maxiter=70, mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, and tolerance 1e-10. But maybe reducing the population size and increasing the number of iterations, or adjusting other parameters.

Alternatively, using more efficient bounds and constraints.

Another idea: since the correlation is computed over the full range, maybe the maximum overlap occurs for certain values of k (like k=0.5, 1, etc.). Thus, the code could focus on minimizing the overlap for those specific k values. But how to determine which k's are critical?

Alternatively, the code could use a modified objective function that minimizes the sum of the top few overlaps, instead of the maximum. However, this is not directly helpful for the problem, since the maximum is what needs to be minimized.

Another thought: perhaps the best approach is to refine the current code's optimization steps, focusing on better hyperparameters and more efficient methods.

In the current code, after generating initial guesses, it runs SLSQP with maxiter=250 and ftol=1e-10. Then, several DE runs. Then, refinement steps with SLSQP again.

Maybe reducing the number of DE iterations and allocating more time to the refinement steps.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where after a few DE steps, the code refines with SLSQP for more iterations.

Another possible improvement: the current code's random guesses may not be effective. Instead, generating more structured initial guesses, such as those with specific frequency/duty cycle combinations.

Wait, the code has a function for generating pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more varied functions could help. For example, using a combination of multiple pulse trains or other shapes.

But considering the code's structure, perhaps adding more initial guesses could be beneficial.

But given the code's constraints, it's limited by the number of guesses it can generate within the time.

Alternatively, focus on the initial guess and refine it with more aggressive optimization steps.

Another idea: the problem may benefit from a greedy approach that iteratively improves the function. For example, start with an initial guess, and then iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap.

But this would require a way to determine which part of the function to adjust. For example, using a gradient-based method or another heuristic.

But in the current code, the optimization is done with SLSQP and DE. Perhaps using a better stopping criterion or adjusting the optimization parameters could lead to better results.

In the current code, the SLSQP is run with maxiter=250 and ftol=1e-10. Maybe reducing ftol or increasing maxiter would allow better convergence.

But given the time budget, increasing the number of iterations may be too costly.

Alternatively, the code could use a more efficient optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which is less sensitive to initial guesses.

But the current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer.

Another idea: given that the initial guess is a 45-point array, but the code might be able to use a lower n_points, which would reduce computation time and allow for more iterations.

Ah, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, as they are faster. The current code uses 45 samples. The initial_h_values has n=45. But perhaps starting with n=100 would allow for more accurate results, but the code may not have time. However, the current code's previous result is with n=45.

Wait, the problem says that the user's previous program has n=45. So, perhaps using a lower n_points (say, 50, 100, etc.) would be better. But the user wants the code to use smaller sequences to be faster. However, the code uses n_points = len(h), which is based on the initial_h_values.

So, if the code can start with a different n_points, say, 100, but that increases the computation time. So maybe that's not helpful. However, the user's code may have the initial_h_values with a certain n, and to keep it compatible, the code uses that.

But given the time constraints, perhaps not changing n_points and instead focusing on optimizing the existing n-points.

So, considering all that, perhaps the code needs to be adjusted in how it generates initial guesses and runs the optimization steps. For example, using more efficient DE parameters, or more tailored initial guesses.

Another idea: the current code uses a large number of initial guesses, which could be optimized. For example, instead of generating a lot of random guesses, focus on a few that are likely to be better.

But given the time, maybe the best approach is to modify the code to generate more diverse initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters to better explore the search space.

For example, increasing the number of guesses generated, or using different structures for the initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a better initial guess. The initial_h_values is provided, but perhaps there is a better starting point. However, the user says to reference it directly, not redefine it.

In conclusion, the code's primary issue may be that the DE is too slow, or that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. To improve the result, perhaps focusing on more efficient optimization steps and better initial guesses.

Another thing to consider is that the previous code uses a random initial guess and then refines it with SLSQP. If the initial guess is good, the refinement can lead to a better solution. So perhaps using a better initial guess is crucial.

But how to generate that. The code uses various functions like pulses, sawtooth, triangle. Maybe adding more functions like sinusoidal windows with varying frequencies.

Alternatively, using a combination of different patterns.

But given the code's line limit and time, I need to find a way to modify the existing code to make it more efficient.

Perhaps the issue is that the differential evolution is too slow. To reduce computation time, maybe reducing the number of iterations in differential evolution and allocating more time to the refinement steps.

In the current code, differential evolution is run 4 times with maxiter=70. If reducing that to, say, 30 iterations and increasing the refinement steps, perhaps it could save time and find better solutions.

Alternatively, combining the DE and SLSQP steps more effectively.

Another idea: use the initial guess as the starting point for the DE optimization, and then refine it with SLSQP.

But I think the main thing to do is to make sure that the code runs within the time limit and thoroughly explores the search space.

So, in the code, I can try adjusting the DE's parameters: reducing the popsize, increasing the number of iterations, or other parameters. But I need to think of a way to do this within the time.

Another possible improvement is to use the previous best solution as the starting point for the DE runs. But the current code already does that.

In the previous code, after generating the initial guesses, it tries to refine them with SLSQP. Then, runs DE on the best guess, then further refinements.

Perhaps making the DE steps run more efficiently.

But how to code this.

Alternatively, after the initial guess refinement, the code could perform a few more DE steps with different parameters.

But I'm not sure.

In terms of code, I need to modify the code to:

- Perhaps reduce the number of initial guesses, focusing on more effective ones.

- Adjust the DE parameters to be more efficient.

- Allocate more time to the refinement steps.

Given the time, I'll proceed to modify the existing code, perhaps changing the DE parameters, reducing the number of DE iterations, and focusing on more refined optimization.

Another idea: the current code uses differential evolution for DE_guess with popsize=150, maxiter=70. Maybe increasing the maxiter to, say, 100 and reducing the popsize to 50, which could save time.

Alternatively, use fewer iterations but with higher mutation rates.

But I need to think of a way to make the code run faster.

Also, in the code, the evaluation of the objective function is done via np.correlate, which is fast in numpy.

Another thing: the previous code's best result is 0.381142. To beat that, it needs to find something lower. So, the code must be more effective in exploring the search space.

In summary, the plan is:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

2. Use more structured initial guesses, such as better pulse, sawtooth, triangle functions.

3. Optimize the parameters for DE and SLSQP to get better convergence.

4. Limit the number of iterations to stay within time.

5. Perform more refined optimization steps.

So, modifying the code to include these changes.

Now, let's think about code structure.

The previous code uses:

- gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle functions.

- generates various guesses based on frequencies and duty cycles.

- runs SLSQP on guesses.

- runs DE on the best guess.

- refines with SLSQP again.

Maybe generating more guesses with different patterns could help. But with time constraints, it's better to focus on the most promising ones.

Perhaps adding a guess for a binary function with certain properties.

Another idea: the current code uses gen_random() to generate random initial guesses. Maybe replacing that with a more structured random guess, such as a binary pattern with 1s placed randomly but satisfying the integral constraint.

But how to generate such a pattern. For example, randomly choosing positions for the 1s and spacing.

But again, this is getting complex.

Alternatively, in the code, after the initial guesses, use the SLSQP with more iterations.

So, perhaps modifying the code to:

- In the initial guesses, include a few more structured patterns.

- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters.

- Allocate more time to the optimization steps.

Now, to code this, here's a plan for the new code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

- Generate a few more structured guesses, such as a binary pattern (with 0s and 1s), or other functions.

- Run SLSQP with more iterations or better parameters.

- Run DE with a smaller popsize and more iterations, but within the time limit.

- Refine further with SLSQP.

But given the code's line limit, the main changes would be in the generation of guesses and the DE parameters.

In the previous code, the initial guesses are generated with:

for freq in range(3, 12):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.25, 0.33, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
for _ in range(15):
    guesses.append(gen_random())

This could be modified to generate more structured guesses. For example, adding some binary patterns or other functions.

But perhaps generating more sawtooth or triangle functions with different parameters.

Alternatively, create a binary function where 1s are placed randomly but with the correct total length.

Another change: in the DE step, reduce the number of iterations and focus on a few runs.

In the previous code, the DE runs are performed 4 times, with maxiter=70. If we decrease the maxiter to 50 or 30, and/or increase the number of runs, it might save time.

Alternatively, run DE once with more iterations.

But in the current code, the DE is called 4 times with 70 maxiter. So total DE steps could be 4 * 70 = 280 iterations. If we reduce that to 2, it would be 140, saving time.

But the code must stay within the time budget.

In any case, I'll proceed to code these changes.

Another thing to consider: the evaluation of the objective function uses np.correlate with mode 'full'. But the original problem's integral is computed as max_k integral h(x) (1-h(x+k)) dx. The code uses np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full') * dx, which gives the correlation values. The maximum of these values multiplied by dx is the C₅.

But the current approach is correct, as per the problem statement.

Now, implementing the changes in code.

The code will be similar to the previous one, but with adjusted parameters and possibly better guesses.

The final code should return the best h_values, c5_bound, and n_points.

So, putting it all together, the code will:

- Use the initial_h_values.

- Generate initial guesses with more structured patterns.

- Run SLSQP on those guesses.

- Run DE with adjusted parameters.

- Refine with SLSQP.

The key is to make the code more efficient and better at exploring the search space.

Now, let me write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h.copy()]
    for freq in range(2, 6):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.4))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.5))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=80, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-10)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(6):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```