<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimizations starting from an initial guess. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than that, specifically 0.380876. 

First, I should understand the problem. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is essentially the maximum correlation between h(x) and 1 - h(x + k) over all k. The integral is computed as the correlation multiplied by dx. The constraints are that h is a step function on [0,2] with integral 1. 

The previous approach tried various initial guesses, including pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves, and then used optimization methods to refine them. However, it might be stuck in local optima. So, to improve, maybe I can try different initial configurations or optimize more effectively.

One idea is to use a more structured initial guess. Maybe using a piecewise constant function with specific patterns that distribute the 1s and 0s more evenly. Alternatively, maybe using a more sophisticated initial setup, like a combination of different waveforms or a probabilistic approach.

Another thought is to use a different optimization algorithm. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach could be more efficient, especially for high-dimensional spaces. But since I have a time budget, maybe a hybrid approach would work better.

Wait, but the time budget is tight. For a 100-second run, I need the code to be efficient. So maybe focusing on a better initial guess is more important than using a complex optimization method. For example, if I can find a good initial configuration, the optimization might converge quickly.

Also, the previous code's initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which may not be the best. If I can generate a better initial guess, that could help. For instance, maybe using a more optimal pattern that spreads out the 1s and 0s in a way that minimizes the maximum overlap.

Another angle: the problem resembles a covering problem or a scheduling problem where we need to arrange the 1s in h(x) such that their overlaps with shifted versions are minimized. So, maybe a greedy algorithm that tries to place the 1s in positions that avoid overlapping with too many shifted copies.

Alternatively, maybe using a Fourier analysis approach. Since the overlap integral is related to the convolution, perhaps there's a way to model this with frequency components. But this might be too abstract for a numerical approach.

Another idea: the current best is C₅ around 0.38. The target is 0.380876, so a small improvement. Maybe the code can be optimized by using a more efficient optimization strategy, like using a gradient-based method with better initial points, or a more efficient sampling in the search space.

The previous code tried several initial guesses and then used DE followed by SLSQP refinement. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or using a different set of initial configurations could help escape local minima.

Alternatively, using a more effective optimization method for the problem. For example, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) or a genetic algorithm might explore the search space more effectively. However, the code needs to be efficient enough to run within 100 seconds.

Wait, but the user's code already used differential evolution. Maybe tweaking the parameters of DE, such as population size, mutation rates, etc., could yield better results. Also, combining different optimization steps might help.

Another consideration: the evaluation of the correlation function is computationally intensive. Maybe optimizing the way the correlation is calculated could save time. However, the problem requires that the code is written in a way that's efficient enough given the time constraints.

Looking back, the previous code uses the numpy.correlate function in full mode, which returns all possible shifts. For each h, it computes the maximum of these correlations. But perhaps there's a way to vectorize this or compute it more efficiently.

Alternatively, maybe focusing on specific shifts that are most critical. For example, in the Erdős problem, the shift k=1, k=2, etc., up to k=2 (since the interval is [0,2], shifting by 2 brings the function back, but perhaps the maximum occurs for smaller shifts. However, the code currently computes all possible shifts, which might be time-consuming. But in the previous code, the maximum is taken over all k, so the correlation is evaluated for all shifts, which is necessary.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum, maybe using a penalty method in the optimization where the objective function is the maximum of the correlations, but this is what the code already does. The problem is that the maximum is non-differentiable, which can make optimization challenging. The current approach uses SLSQP, which might not handle this well.

Perhaps using a smarter way to approximate the maximum, like using a smooth approximation of the maximum function. However, this might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective optimization where we try to minimize several correlation values at once, but this could be computationally expensive.

Another approach is to use symmetry. Since the interval is [0,2], maybe the optimal h(x) has some symmetry. For example, if h is symmetric around 1, or has certain periodicity. Maybe designing the function around these symmetries can lead to better results.

Given that the initial guess is based on 45 samples, perhaps increasing the number of samples could lead to a better approximation. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences (less than 1k) are preferred. So maybe using n_points=45 is the way to go, but perhaps trying other n_points could be better. However, the problem says the previous program uses n=45, and the user wants to improve upon it. But if the code can handle varying n_points, that could be an option. However, the initial code uses fixed n_points, so maybe it's better to stick with that for efficiency.

Another thought: the previous code uses SLSQP for refinement after some initial guesses. Maybe using a more robust optimization method, like using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients. But this would need to be tested.

Alternatively, combining different optimization methods: first using a global search like DE to find a good initial point, then refining it with local methods like SLSQP.

Another idea is to use a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, instead of generating random samples, using a structured pattern like a binary sequence with certain spacing. For instance, placing 1s at positions that are as far apart as possible, but this might not directly apply.

Alternatively, using a known optimal solution for a similar problem and modifying it. However, without prior knowledge, this might not be feasible.

Given the time constraints, the main improvements could be:

1. Improve the initial setup of h_values to avoid local optima.
2. Use a more efficient optimization algorithm or adjust parameters for existing algorithms.
3. Increase the number of initial guesses or sampling in the search space.
4. Use a different way to compute the correlation (though the current method seems solid).

Looking at the previous code's initial guesses, it uses several pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random guesses. Maybe generating more structured patterns could help. For example, using a combination of multiple pulses with varying frequencies and positions, or something inspired by the current best solution.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to scheduling jobs on a machine with constraints, where the goal is to arrange the schedule to minimize overlaps. Perhaps using a greedy algorithm to place 1s in positions that minimize the maximum overlap.

But how to translate that into code? For example, starting with an empty h, then adding 1s in positions that, when added, increase the maximum correlation the least. This could be a heuristic, but it would be computationally intensive to implement for large n_points.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, and the domain is [0,2], perhaps the optimal h is a piecewise constant function with certain number of intervals. For instance, dividing the interval into m equal parts, and setting h to be 1 in some of them. This reduces the problem to choosing which intervals to set to 1 so that the maximum overlap is minimized.

For example, with n_points=45, the interval [0,2] is divided into 45 equal parts. Each h[i] is 1 or 0 (if it's a binary function). But the problem allows h[x] to be between 0 and 1, so maybe a non-binary function could be better. However, perhaps starting with a binary function and then optimizing could help.

But again, the code must be efficient. If the code can handle binary functions, that might be a way to simplify.

However, given that the previous code uses non-binary functions, perhaps that's not the right approach.

Another angle: the correlation is a measure of overlap. To minimize the maximum overlap, we need to arrange h[x] such that shifting it by any k doesn't result in a high overlap. So for any shift k, the integral of h * (1 - h(x + k)) is small.

This is similar to designing a set of intervals where no two intervals are too close to each other. For instance, in a scheduling context, ensuring that the time slots are spaced out to avoid overlaps.

But how to model this with the given constraints?

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs when h and 1-h are shifted to align their 1s and 0s. So, if we can spread the 1s in h as evenly as possible, that might minimize the maximum overlap.

This suggests that a uniform distribution of 1s in the function h would be optimal. But since h has to have integral 1, the 1s need to be spread over certain regions. However, the exact distribution is not straightforward.

Given the time constraints, perhaps modifying the existing code's initial guesses and optimization steps to generate better starting points is the way to go. For example, generating more initial guesses based on different frequency patterns or using a better way to sample the initial configurations.

Another thing to consider is the use of more efficient optimization algorithms. For example, using the COBYLA method in SLSQP, which handles bounds more effectively. Or adjusting the tolerance and maximum iterations in the optimization steps.

Also, the current code's DE uses a population size of 60, which might be too large for the 100-second budget. Reducing the population size or the number of iterations could save time while still exploring the search space.

Moreover, the previous code uses multiple DE runs and SLSQP refinements. Maybe combining these steps with more efficient parameters.

In terms of code structure, I need to write a function that runs within the time budget. Let me think about how to adjust the previous code:

1. Use a better initial guess. Maybe generate more structured initial configurations, such as binary patterns with specific spacing.
2. Use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a combination of DE and a local optimizer like SLSQP.
3. Increase the number of iterations in DE but adjust parameters to save time.
4. Perhaps using a different way to generate initial guesses, like using a grid search over certain parameters.

But how to implement this in code without making it too long?

Alternatively, since the initial code uses a fixed n_points=45, perhaps using a larger n_points could allow for a more precise solution. However, the user prefers smaller sequences. But the previous code already uses 45, which is under 1k. So perhaps increasing n_points to, say, 60 could help, but would take more time. However, if the time budget is enough, it might be worth trying.

But given the time constraints, sticking with 45 might be better.

Another idea: the previous code uses a lot of different initial guesses, but perhaps it's better to focus on a few high-quality initial guesses. For example, generating a few structured patterns and optimizing them.

In the current code, the initial guesses include pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Maybe generating more pulse-like patterns with varying frequencies could help. Or using a combination of different waveforms.

Alternatively, using a more data-driven approach, where the initial guess is based on the current best solution. However, since the initial_h_values is provided, perhaps modifying that to create a better initial guess.

Alternatively, using a stochastic approach where the initial guess is generated by placing the 1s in h in a way that avoids overlaps. For example, using a greedy algorithm where we place 1s in positions that are least likely to cause high overlap with shifted versions.

But implementing such a greedy algorithm would require evaluating the impact of each placement, which could be computationally expensive.

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to tweak the existing code to use a better initial guess, adjust the optimization parameters, and possibly add more structured initial configurations.

So, modifying the previous code:

- Generate more initial guesses based on structured patterns.
- Use a different optimization algorithm or adjust the SLSQP parameters.
- Increase the number of DE iterations but reduce the population size to save time.

Another thing is to precompute the correlation for each guess and use that to guide the optimization. However, this is already handled by the code.

In the previous code, the initial guesses are a mix of different waveforms and random samples. To improve, perhaps adding more structured patterns, like a sine wave or a more complex waveform. Also, perhaps adding a few initial guesses based on known optimal or near-optimal configurations.

But without knowledge of such configurations, this is speculative.

Another idea: the problem is similar to finding a function with minimal correlation with its shifts. This is related to the concept of "almost periodic" functions or "pseudo-random" functions. So, creating a function that resembles a random function but with the integral constraint might help.

In the current code, the random guess is generated by taking a random sample, scaling it to meet the sum constraint. Perhaps increasing the number of random guesses or using different random seeds could help, but the code already does 5 random guesses.

Alternatively, using a method to generate a function that is as random as possible while satisfying the integral constraint. For example, generating a binary function (value 0 or 1) with the correct number of 1s, then replacing some with values between 0 and 1 to smooth out the function.

Another possible improvement is to use the current initial_h_values as a starting point and perform more aggressive optimization. Maybe using a more efficient local optimizer like BFGS with bounds, but that could be difficult since the objective function is non-smooth.

Alternatively, using the previous code's approach but adding more initial guesses, like different combinations of frequencies and duties for pulses and triangules, and using a larger number of random guesses.

In summary, to improve upon the previous code, I could:

1. Generate more diverse and structured initial guesses (e.g., more pulse, sawtooth, triangle patterns with different parameters).
2. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow more iterations or better convergence.
3. Use a combination of global and local search methods more effectively.
4. Focus on a more efficient initial guess to avoid local optima.

Now, translating these ideas into code changes:

- Add more initial guesses, such as different frequencies and duties for the pulses and triangles.
- Increase the number of DE runs or adjust their parameters.
- Modify the SLSQP refinement steps to allow more iterations or better convergence.

But how to code this compactly and efficiently, while keeping the code under 300 lines and 12k characters?

Perhaps the previous code already has a good structure. Let me think about possible modifications.

One key change could be to use a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, generating a set of pulse functions with different frequencies, and triangle functions with different duties, and sawtooth functions with different duties. Also, adding more random guesses.

Another idea is to use a different optimization algorithm for the initial guesses. For instance, using a genetic algorithm with crossover and mutation to evolve better initial guesses.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the main change is to improve the initial guesses and tweak the optimization parameters.

Another consideration is the use of the initial_h_values. Since the problem allows the code to use it directly, maybe starting from that initial guess and performing more aggressive optimization could lead to better results.

But in the previous code, the initial_h_values is used as one of the guesses. Maybe adding more guesses based on this initial_h_values, like modifying it with some patterns.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values and perturbing it slightly to create variations for the initial guesses.

In terms of code structure, the previous code's run function is quite long, but it's possible to make it more efficient by reducing the number of initial guesses and focusing on better ones.

For example, instead of generating 10 initial guesses, generate a few high-quality ones and then refine them.

But without knowing which ones are better, it's hard to say. However, the current code's guesses include pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Maybe adding more of these with different parameters.

Another thing to note is the use of the SLSQP optimizer. The current code allows up to 150 iterations, which might be too much for the time budget. Maybe reducing the number of iterations or using a tighter tolerance.

In the code:

- In the first optimization loop, the code does 5 guesses, each with a slsqp_guess that has maxiter=150.
- Then, for the DE loop, it runs for 3 iterations, and then a refinement loop with 5 steps.

To improve, perhaps increasing the number of DE steps or adjusting the population size.

Alternatively, using a better initial guess and performing a single refinement step.

Another idea is to use the initial_h_values as the main starting point and perform multiple refinement steps with SLSQP.

Putting it all together, the revised code could:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate a few additional structured initial guesses (like pulses with varying frequencies, triangles with varying duties, etc.).
- Use DE with a smaller population size but more iterations.
- Use more aggressive refinement steps with SLSQP.
- Adjust the optimization parameters (like ftol, maxiter) to allow better convergence.

Additionally, ensuring that the code tracks time properly to stop before the budget is exceeded.

Now, to code this:

The previous code's run function has a lot of code for generating initial guesses. To make it more efficient, perhaps generating fewer initial guesses but with more structured patterns.

For example, generating pulses with frequencies from 1 to 5, and varying duties. Also, generating triangles and sawtooth with different duties.

But the code must be concise. 

In terms of code, perhaps adding more guesses to the list, but not too many. Also, changing the DE parameters, like increasing the number of iterations but reducing the population size.

Another potential improvement is to use the 'SLSQP' optimizer with more iterations or better settings.

Also, in the previous code, the DE is run for 3 times, but maybe increasing that to 5 times would help. However, given the time budget, it's important to not exceed the allowed time.

In the code, the DE part has a loop that runs for 3 times, but with a check to break if time is up. That might be sufficient.

In conclusion, the key changes would be:

1. Improve initial guesses with more structured patterns.
2. Adjust optimization parameters for better convergence.
3. Refine the optimization steps to find better minima.

Now, translating these into code modifications.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_tri(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_rand():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 8):
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.4))
    for freq in [3, 4, 5]:
        guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.5))
    for _ in range(3):
        guesses.append(gen_rand())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=40, maxiter=30,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.8), recombination=0.6, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```