<think>
Okay, I need to find a better upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous program used a combination of different initial guesses and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. My goal is to improve upon that. Let me think about what could be different.

First, the current approach starts with the initial_h_values and then tries various guesses. Maybe I can use a different starting point. But wait, the problem says that if initial_h_values is available, I should use it directly. So maybe starting from that is better than random guesses. But perhaps there's a way to refine that initial guess further.

The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Differential evolution might be good for global search, but maybe there's a way to improve it. Also, the current code uses a fixed number of guesses and a fixed number of iterations. Maybe varying the parameters or using different optimization strategies would help.

Another thought: the problem involves minimizing the maximum overlap integral. This is similar to finding a function h that balances the overlaps with shifts. Maybe there's a way to model this as a more structured optimization problem, perhaps using a particular structure in h. For example, maybe using a piecewise constant function with certain patterns, like a sawtooth or triangular wave, but with adjusted parameters.

Wait, the previous code uses gen_saw and gen_triangle functions. Maybe I could try more complex patterns, like combining multiple waveforms or using a different frequency. Also, considering the constraints of the integral being 1, the function h must be normalized.

Another angle: the current code uses a fixed number of points. Let's check the initial_h_values. If the initial n_points is 45, maybe a smaller n_points could be better for speed and efficiency. However, the user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So perhaps using a smaller n_points, like 30 or 50, might be better. But the initial_h_values might have a specific structure that's better at n=45. Wait, the problem says that the initial_h_values is given when a parent construction exists. So maybe choosing a different n_points would be better, but I need to check.

Alternatively, maybe I can use a more efficient optimization method. For example, instead of using SLSQP and differential evolution, perhaps using a gradient descent approach or another method. However, the objective function is non-convex, so gradient-based methods may get stuck in local minima.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum correlation, which is equivalent to minimizing the maximum overlap. Maybe I can use a more structured approach, such as dividing the interval [0,2] into segments and defining h as steps in those segments. For example, a piecewise constant function with certain intervals set to 0 or 1, and varying between them. This could reduce the problem's complexity.

Alternatively, perhaps using symmetry in the function h. For instance, making h symmetric around 1 or 0. But I'm not sure how that would help.

Let me think about the previous code's steps. It starts with initial_h_values, then tries various guesses like sawtooth and triangle functions. Then uses SLSQP to refine each guess, and uses differential evolution to explore more. Then applies refinement steps. But maybe there's a way to optimize the parameters here. For example, adjusting the number of iterations, changing the mutation parameters in differential evolution, or using different initial guesses.

Wait, the previous code used a fixed number of guesses. Maybe generating more varied guesses could help find a better solution. For example, using more different waveforms, or combining them. Also, maybe using a different approach to generate initial guesses, like using random permutations or other structured patterns.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be modeled as a convex optimization problem. But since the objective is non-convex (max of integrals), convex optimization might not be feasible. However, considering the constraints and possible formulations, maybe there's a way to approximate it.

Another idea: since the overlap integral for shifts is along the interval [0,2], the maximum occurs over k. The integral for each shift k is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x+k) is 0. So, arranging h such that it's not too concentrated in regions where overlaps would create large areas. Maybe designing h to have certain periodicity or special spacing.

Wait, the current code's target is to minimize the maximum of these integrals. So perhaps the optimal h is similar to a set of intervals that are spaced in a way that they don't overlap too much with their shifted versions. For example, a function that's 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged so that their shifted versions don't overlap too much.

But since h must integrate to 1 over [0,2], the total area under h is 1. So maybe a piecewise function with several intervals, each contributing to the integral. For example, if n_points is 30, h could be 1 on 10 intervals and 0 on others, but arranged to minimize overlaps.

Another approach could be to use a genetic algorithm, but that might be too slow unless optimized. The previous code uses differential evolution, which is similar to a genetic algorithm but more structured. Maybe adjusting the parameters of differential evolution could help find better solutions.

Also, the current code uses SLSQP to refine the solutions found by differential evolution. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps could help, but the time budget is limited. So, perhaps balancing the time spent on each method is important.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code has several functions: gen_random, gen_saw, gen_triangle, and a list of guesses. Then it iterates over these guesses, applying SLSQP. Then uses differential evolution, and then refinement steps.

Maybe to improve upon this, I could adjust the initial guesses to be more effective. For example, instead of generating random guesses, maybe using a more informed approach based on the problem's structure. For example, generating functions with specific periodic patterns that are known to minimize overlaps.

Alternatively, instead of using a fixed number of guesses, use a more systematic way to generate them. For example, varying the frequency and duty cycle of the sawtooth and triangle functions, or trying combinations of different waveforms.

Another thing I noticed in the previous code is that it uses the 'full' mode in np.correlate, which gives a result of length 2n-1. But the integral over the overlap is computed as the maximum of this correlation multiplied by dx. So the code correctly computes the integral for each shift.

Wait, the integral is over x, and for each k, the integral is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. When k varies, the maximum of these integrals. So the code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which aligns the two sequences in a way that for each shift, the product is calculated. Then the max of that is the maximum integral. So that seems correct.

Now, to improve the code, perhaps trying more efficient optimization methods, or adjusting parameters. For example, using a different optimization method like Nelder-Mead, or adjusting the tolerance in SLSQP and differential evolution.

Another thing: the code may be getting stuck in local minima. So, maybe using multiple initializations and combining the best solutions. The previous code uses several initial guesses, but maybe increasing the number or variety could help.

Also, the code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. Maybe further refining that initial guess with more aggressive optimization steps could lead to better results.

Let me think about possible changes to the code:

1. Increase the diversity of initial guesses. Instead of a few sawtooth and triangle functions, try more variations. For example, adding different waveforms with varying frequencies and duty cycles, or combinations.

2. Adjust the parameters of differential evolution, such as the population size, mutation range, and recombination rate, to find better solutions. Maybe increasing the population size allows for a more thorough search, but this would take more time.

3. Improve the refinement steps. Instead of using SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations, perhaps use more aggressive settings or different methods.

4. Consider using a different optimization strategy, such as random restarts with different initial guesses.

But given the time constraints, the code needs to run within 100 seconds. So using too many iterations might not be feasible.

Alternatively, perhaps precompute some of the initial guesses, like using a grid of frequencies and duty cycles for sawtooth and triangle functions. For example, trying various frequencies and duty cycles with n_points=45.

Another idea: the initial_h_values might be a good starting point. Maybe applying a more aggressive optimization on that with better parameters.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a lot of iterations. Maybe reducing the number of iterations but using a better method could help.

Alternatively, using a combination of different optimization techniques. For example, start with differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then use SLSQP to refine it.

Another thing to check: the code uses the 'full' mode in correlate, but maybe there's a way to compute the required integrals more efficiently. However, that's probably handled correctly.

Hmm. Let me think of what could be different. The previous code uses 500 iterations for SLSQP, which is a lot. Maybe that's too slow. Perhaps reducing the iterations but using a more efficient method.

Alternatively, considering the problem's symmetry, perhaps using a symmetric function h. For example, a function that's symmetric around x=1. Maybe this would help in balancing the overlaps.

Another thought: the optimal h might have a certain periodicity that minimizes overlaps with shifted versions. For example, a function that's periodic with a period of 1, but adjusted to fit the integral constraint. However, the interval is [0,2], so a period of 1 might make sense.

Alternatively, using a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that the shifted versions have minimal overlap. For example, a square wave with a certain duty cycle. But the initial code already tried some variations of this.

Another possibility is to use a more complex structure, such as a function that has multiple intervals where h(x) is 1, arranged in a pattern that avoids overlapping with shifts. For example, placing the 1 intervals in positions that are spaced apart by more than a certain distance. But how to model this?

But the function is over [0,2], so the total integral is 1. So the area under h is 1. So if I have multiple intervals set to 1, the lengths of these intervals would need to sum to 1. For example, if there are two intervals each of length 0.5, then the sum is 1. If the intervals are arranged such that shifting them by a certain amount doesn't overlap much.

But designing such a function would require careful placement. For example, if the first interval is from 0 to 0.5, then the second is from 1 to 1.5, then shifting the function by k=0.5 would cause overlap between the intervals. But perhaps arranging them with more spacing.

Alternatively, considering the function as a combination of multiple intervals. For example, three intervals each of length 1/3, but spaced such that when shifted, they don't overlap.

But this is similar to the problem of arranging points to minimize overlaps, which is related to the Erdős problem. So perhaps the optimal h is similar to a set of intervals arranged optimally.

But how to translate that into a numerical optimization problem. Maybe using a piecewise function with certain parameters. However, this might be complex to implement.

Given the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to modify the existing code to try more diverse initial guesses and adjust the parameters for the optimization steps. For example:

- Generate more initial guesses by varying frequencies and duty cycles for sawtooth and triangle functions.
- Increase the number of iterations in differential evolution.
- Use a different method for refining, perhaps combining multiple optimization techniques.

Another idea: since the previous code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point, perhaps applying a more thorough refinement step on that. For example, using a higher iteration count in SLSQP.

Also, perhaps using a different tolerance for the optimization. The current code has ftol=1e-10, which might be too stringent and cause the optimization to take longer. Maybe relaxing that to 1e-6 could allow faster convergence.

Moreover, the code currently uses 5 refinement steps. Increasing this number could help, but again, time is limited.

Another approach: the problem's objective is to find a function h that minimizes the maximum overlap. This is similar to a minimax problem. Perhaps using a method that directly targets the maximization part.

Alternatively, converting the problem into a constrained optimization where we try to minimize the maximum integral. However, since the integral is a function of k, it's tricky to model this as a simple constraint.

Perhaps using a more global optimization approach with better parameters. For example, in differential evolution, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses 100 samples for differential evolution. Maybe increasing the population size could help find better solutions. However, this might be too slow for the given time budget.

Alternatively, since the previous code's best result was 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876, perhaps trying to push this further with more refined steps.

Another possible change is to use a more efficient solver. The code uses scipy.optimize, which has several solvers. For example, using the 'COBYLA' method for constrained optimization might be better in some cases.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP for refinement. Maybe using COBYLA could be faster and more effective for certain problems.

But without testing, it's hard to know. However, given the constraints, the code should be modified to try different methods and parameters.

Putting it all together, the plan is:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the base.

2. Generate more initial guesses by varying the parameters of the sawtooth and triangle functions, possibly with different frequencies and duty cycles.

3. Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters to find a good initial guess.

4. Refine using SLSQP with more iterations or different methods.

5. Ensure the code runs within the time budget by balancing the number of iterations and steps.

Now, to implement this in code, I'll need to modify the guess generation functions, adjust the optimization parameters, and possibly change the methods used.

Let me think about how to adjust the guess generation. The previous code uses a range of frequencies (3 to 7) for gen_saw and gen_triangle, but maybe expanding that range or trying more variations.

Also, including more types of functions, like a square wave, or other patterns.

Another idea: instead of using a single function for the guesses, create a grid of parameters for the sawtooth and triangle functions. For example, for frequency in a certain range, and duty cycle in another, generate more guesses.

However, this might generate too many guesses, which could be time-consuming. So, balancing the number of guesses and the variety.

Alternatively, use a fixed number of guesses but with more varied parameters.

So, in code, instead of generating guesses in a loop for frequencies 3-7, perhaps generate more guesses by varying other parameters.

Another thing: the current code uses the initial_h_values as one of the guesses. Maybe that's redundant, but it's better to start from that.

Another possible adjustment: using a different initial guess for the differential evolution. For example, using the initial_h_values as the starting point for differential evolution.

Also, in the previous code, the differential evolution runs twice. Maybe increasing that to three or four times, but with a time budget, need to check.

In terms of code changes:

- Modify the gen_saw and gen_triangle functions to accept more parameters.

- Generate more guesses with varied frequencies and duty cycles.

- Adjust the parameters for differential evolution (mutation, recombination, etc.)

- Consider using different optimization methods.

Let me draft the code changes:

1. In the guesses section, generate more guesses with different parameters.

For example, for gen_saw, try different frequencies (like 2 to 10), and different duty cycles (like 0.2 to 0.6).

But to avoid generating too many guesses, maybe sample a few different frequencies and duty cycles.

Alternatively, for each freq in range(2, 8), generate a sawtooth with duty=0.3 and another with duty=0.5, etc.

2. In the differential evolution step, adjust the parameters. For example, increase mutation range to (0.6, 0.9), or decrease population size to save time.

3. In the refinement steps, use a different method, like COBYLA, or adjust the tolerance.

But given the time, perhaps the main changes are in the guess generation and the differential evolution parameters.

Now, considering the code structure, here's what I might do:

- Generate more varied guesses by varying frequencies and duty cycles for the sawtooth and triangle functions.

- Use a larger population size for differential evolution, but maybe with fewer generations.

- Use a lower tolerance for the optimization steps to allow faster convergence.

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting guess and refine it thoroughly.

But without knowing the exact parameters that would work, it's a bit of trial and error. However, given that the previous code achieved 0.381142, the goal is to improve that.

Another idea: the integral over the overlap for different shifts could be approximated using a Fourier transform approach, but that might be too complex for real-time optimization.

In conclusion, the plan is to:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses, especially by adjusting the parameters of the sawtooth and triangle functions.

- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters to explore the solution space more thoroughly.

- Refine the best solution using a more efficient optimization method with longer iterations.

- Ensure the code stays within the time budget by carefully managing the number of iterations and methods used.

Now, translating this into code changes.

For example, in the previous code, the guesses are generated with frequencies 3-7. Let's expand that range and add more duty cycles.

Also, in the gen_saw and gen_triangle functions, perhaps varying the duty cycle.

For example:

def gen_saw(freq, duty):
    x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
    return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

But if we increase the number of frequencies and duty cycles, we can generate more guesses.

In the previous code, the guesses are:

guesses = [h]
for freq in range(3, 8):
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.4))

So this generates for each freq from 3 to 7, two guesses. Let's try varying the duty cycles more.

For example, for each freq in 2 to 10, generate multiple duty cycles.

But how many guesses is that? It might become too many, but perhaps manageable.

Another thing to note: the initial_h_values might not be used in the previous code as a guess if it's added to the guesses. However, the code starts with guesses = [h], then adds more guesses. So the initial_h_values is included as the first guess.

Another possible change is to use a different method for the initial guesses. For example, using a function that generates a square wave with certain parameters.

But given time constraints, perhaps generating more guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles would help.

Another idea: using the function from the initial_h_values and adding more variations of it. Perhaps generating a guess that is a combination of the initial_h_values and other patterns.

However, without knowing the exact structure of the initial_h_values, it's tricky to know how to modify it.

In the code, the initial_h_values is already used as the first guess, so that's a good starting point.

Now, in terms of the code, modifying the guess generation to include more parameters.

Another thing: the previous code uses gen_saw and gen_triangle functions, which are specific types of waveform. Maybe adding other functions, like a combination of these or other patterns, could lead to better initial guesses.

But this is getting into the weeds. Given the time, I think the main changes should be:

- Generate more guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles.

- Adjust the parameters of differential evolution to allow for better exploration.

- Use more aggressive refinement steps with SLSQP.

So, modifying the code as follows:

In the guesses section, expand the range of frequencies and duty cycles.

In the differential evolution step, adjust the parameters like mutation and recombination.

In the refinement step, use more iterations.

Also, perhaps using a different method for the refinement steps, like COBYLA or others.

But since the code uses SLSQP, perhaps adjusting the options for it.

Putting this into code:

The code would generate more guesses by varying frequencies and duty cycles. For example:

for freq in range(2, 8):
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))

But this may generate too many guesses, but since the budget is 100 seconds, and the initial code already runs some steps, maybe it's manageable.

Also, in the differential evolution step, the code calls de_guess() twice, but maybe increasing the number of iterations.

Another change: in the refinement steps, use a higher number of iterations for SLSQP, say 800 instead of 400.

Also, in the initial code, the refinement is done 5 times. Maybe increasing that to 10 or more, but with time checks to prevent going over budget.

Another thing: the previous code uses the 'full' mode in np.correlate, which might be correct, but perhaps there's a mistake in how the overlap is calculated.

But assuming that the code's evaluation is correct, the main problem is the optimization strategy.

So, the modified code would have:

- More varied initial guesses.

- Adjusted parameters for differential evolution.

- More aggressive refinement steps.

In code:

The initial guesses section would be modified to include more frequencies and duty cycles.

Also, in the differential evolution, parameters like mutation are adjusted.

Another possible change is to use a different method for the initial guesses, such as using a combination of the initial_h_values and other functions.

Another thing to note is that the initial_h_values might have a certain structure that could be improved by adding more parameters or modifying the function.

Despite these considerations, the main changes to the code would involve generating more diverse initial guesses, adjusting the optimization parameters, and refining more thoroughly.

In summary, the code will need to be adjusted to generate more initial guesses with different parameters, use differential evolution with adjusted settings, and apply more refinement steps to the best solution found.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 8):
        for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.5, 0.7]:
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
            guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=20,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 600, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```