<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and we want to get lower than that. The existing code uses a combination of optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess. The goal is to find a better h function that minimizes the maximum overlap integral.

First, I should think about why the previous approach might not be sufficient. The earlier code starts with initial_h_values and then uses a set of guesses based on different waveforms and random perturbations. The optimization uses SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe there are better strategies. For example, maybe using a more efficient optimization method, or a different starting point.

One idea is to use a more structured approach. Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps a Fourier analysis approach could help. The overlap integral involves shifting the function h and looking at the maximum of the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)). This resembles convolution, and Fourier transforms might be useful here. However, I'm not sure how to directly apply that for optimization.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that has low autocorrelation, which is a common theme in signal processing. Maybe some known sequences like Barker codes or other low-correlation sequences could be adapted. But the problem here isn't exactly the same, since it's over a continuous interval and the function is constrained by the integral.

The previous code uses a variety of guesses, including pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe I can generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, using different frequencies, duty cycles, or combining multiple waveforms. Alternatively, using a more systematic way to generate initial points, like using low-discrepancy sequences (e.g., Sobol) to sample the function space more evenly.

Another angle: the problem is a constrained optimization problem (the integral of h(x) must be 1). The previous code uses SLSQP for local optimization, which might get stuck in local minima. Perhaps using a global optimization method early on could help escape local optima. However, differential evolution is a global method but might be slow.

Wait, the budget is tight: 100 seconds with only 1 CPU. So the code needs to be efficient. The previous code uses differential evolution for a few iterations and then SLSQP for refinement. Maybe I can adjust the parameters of SLSQP or DE for better convergence.

Also, the initial_h_values is given, but maybe starting from a different initial guess could lead to a better solution. For example, if the initial_h_values is not optimal, trying a different starting point could help. But how to generate a better starting point?

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a greedy approach. Start with a simple function and iteratively adjust it to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, detect the shift k that gives the highest overlap and adjust h(x) to reduce that overlap.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with a more effective loss function. The current code uses the maximum of the correlation values as the objective. But the maximum is a non-differentiable function, which complicates the optimization. Maybe approximating it with a smooth function or using a differentiable alternative.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with the maximum of the correlation as the objective. But the maximum is a non-smooth function. This could cause issues with the gradient-based optimization. Maybe instead of directly minimizing the maximum, we can use a penalty method that smooths the maximum, or find ways to optimize the worst-case scenario.

Another approach: since the problem is a min-max optimization, maybe using a branch and bound strategy. However, that's computationally expensive and may not fit within the time constraint.

Alternatively, using genetic algorithms, which are good for global optimization but require careful parameter tuning. But in the previous code, they used DE, which is similar.

Perhaps combining different optimization techniques. For example, using a surrogate model (like a neural network) to approximate the objective function and then using gradient descent, but that might be complicated.

Let me think about the structure of the code again. The current approach starts with some initial guesses, then uses SLSQP and DE to refine. What if I modify the initial guesses to be more diverse or use a better initialization method?

The initial_h_values is provided. Maybe I can use that as a base and then generate perturbations around it. For example, adding small variations to the initial h function to explore the neighborhood.

Alternatively, using a randomized search with a larger number of initial points. But with the time constraint, this might not be feasible.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points). The user mentions that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, as they are faster to optimize. The initial h_values has 45 points. Maybe trying with fewer points might be better? Wait, but the problem requires the integral to be 1, so reducing the number of points would require adjusting the values. However, the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. So perhaps experimenting with different n_points (like 50, 60 points) might be better.

But the code as given uses the initial_h_values, which is of length 45. The user's previous program may have used that as a starting point.

So, to improve the current code, perhaps the following steps:

1. Use a more efficient optimization algorithm. For example, using a combination of different methods, or adjusting the parameters of SLSQP (like increasing the number of iterations or changing the tolerance).

2. Generate more diverse initial guesses. Maybe using different frequencies, duty cycles, or combining different waveforms.

3. Use an initial guess that is more optimized. For instance, using a greedy approach to generate a better initial guess.

Wait, the user mentioned that the current code is using some guesses based on pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe expanding that with more types of functions or generating more varied patterns.

Another idea: using a function that is piecewise constant with more segments. Since the function h is a step function, perhaps having more steps (i.e., more points) could lead to a better solution. But the user says that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe not. However, if the initial_h_values is of 45 points, maybe increasing the n_points would allow for more flexibility. However, with the time budget, that might not be feasible.

Alternatively, perhaps use the initial_h_values but optimize it more thoroughly. For example, increasing the number of iterations in the SLSQP or DE steps.

Another thought: the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The current code computes the max of the convolution of h and 1-h, scaled by dx. To make this more efficient, maybe compute the maximum value correctly. The np.correlate function with mode 'full' returns a larger array, but the maximum is taken over that array. However, the original problem's overlap integral is for k such that the shift k is within the interval [0, 2], so perhaps the maximum occurs at certain shifts. However, the code correctly computes the maximum over all shifts.

But perhaps there's a way to reduce the number of shifts considered. For example, since the function is over [0, 2], the maximum overlap could occur at small shifts. But the current code checks all possible shifts, which is correct.

So, back to the code structure. The previous code uses several guesses and then DE and SLSQP. To improve, perhaps:

- Use a different initial guess. For example, a random guess with some structure.

- Adjust the parameters in the optimization steps. For example, in SLSQP, the ftol parameter is set to 1e-8. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or changing the tolerance.

- Use a more efficient global optimization method, like differential evolution with better parameters.

Another idea: since the problem is a constrained optimization, maybe using a penalty method to handle the constraint. But the current code uses an equality constraint, which is correct.

Alternatively, using a more efficient parameterization for h. For example, using a binary function (0 or 1) would be ideal, but the problem allows h to be in [0,1]. However, the current code uses continuous optimization.

Another approach: the overlap integral for a given shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since x ranges over [0,2], and x + k must also be in [0,2], the integral is over overlapping intervals. For example, when k is between 0 and 2, the limits of integration adjust accordingly. However, the correlation calculation handles this by mode 'full', which might be correct.

But maybe the maximum overlap occurs at certain specific shifts, and we can focus the optimization on those. However, without knowing which shifts are critical, this might not be feasible.

Another idea: the problem can be formulated as a minimax problem. We want to minimize the maximum value of ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx over k. This is similar to designing a function that is as "uniform" as possible under the constraint.

An alternative approach is to use a probabilistic method. For example, model h(x) as a probability density function and find the distribution that minimizes the maximum expected value of (1 - h(x + k)) multiplied by h(x). But this might not directly help with the optimization.

Another thought: the problem resembles the Chebyshev center of a convex set. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap, which could be considered as finding the center of a convex set of functions. However, this is abstract and not directly helpful for implementation.

Alternatively, perhaps using a greedy algorithm. Start with a simple function and iteratively adjust it to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, find the shift k where the overlap is highest, then adjust h(x) to reduce that overlap. Repeat until convergence. This is a local optimization approach but might be more efficient.

However, implementing such a greedy approach would require a way to adjust h(x) effectively, which might not be straightforward.

Considering all these possibilities, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code in the following ways:

1. Use more diverse initial guesses, including different waveforms and randomized ones.

2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods (e.g., increase the number of iterations for DE and SLSQP, or change the tolerances).

3. Use a better initial guess, perhaps by generating a more structured function.

4. Incorporate more effective optimization strategies, like combining multiple methods.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include various pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more types of functions, like square waves or other custom patterns, could generate better initial guesses. Also, varying the frequencies and duty cycles more.

Additionally, perhaps the initial_h_values can be improved by applying a simple optimization step before starting the more intensive optimization. For example, using a quick SLSQP step on the initial guess to adjust it slightly.

Another idea: since the problem is symmetric, maybe the optimal h function has some symmetry properties. For example, being periodic or having certain repeating patterns. If that's the case, constructing a function with such properties could be beneficial.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to enforce these properties. However, generating functions with specific symmetries (like even or odd functions) could be a way to explore.

Another thing to consider is the time budget. The previous code runs DE for a limited number of iterations and then uses SLSQP for refinement. To make it faster, perhaps reducing the number of DE iterations but increasing the number of SLSQP steps, or vice versa, based on what's more effective.

Also, the code uses np.correlate, which might be computationally intensive. Maybe there's a way to optimize this. But given that it's in Python, it's hard to do much about that.

Putting this all together, the plan is to modify the code to:

- Use more diverse initial guesses, including different waveforms and randomized starting points.

- Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods (e.g., increase the number of iterations for DE and SLSQP).

- Use the initial_h_values but apply a quick optimization step to refine it further.

- Possibly use a different starting point, such as a random one, to escape local minima.

- Consider varying the number of points (n_points) to find a better balance between solution quality and computation time.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient optimization algorithm. For instance, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a quasi-Newton method with bounds. However, it might not be as effective for global optimization as DE.

But given the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to refine the existing code by adding more initial guesses and adjusting the parameters of the optimization steps. Let me try to code this.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with different frequencies and duty cycles. To diversify more, I can add more frequencies, duty cycles, or different waveforms. For example, adding more pulse and triangle functions with different parameters, or other waveforms like sinusoids.

Also, in the previous code, the initial guesses include some random functions. Maybe adding more random guesses will help.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of guesses and then runs DE and SLSQP. Perhaps increasing the number of guesses could help, but with time constraints, it's better to balance between the number of guesses and the time spent optimizing each.

Another idea: use a different objective function. The current objective is the maximum of the correlation. However, this is a non-smooth function, making optimization tricky. An alternative is to approximate it by considering a set of shifts. For example, instead of taking the maximum over all possible k, sample a set of k values and optimize with respect to those. This is a common technique in optimization to approximate the max.

So, for example, instead of computing the full correlation and taking the max, we can compute the correlation for a set of k's (like k=0, 0.5, 1, 1.5, 2), and then minimize the maximum over those k's. This would make the objective function smooth, allowing for better optimization with gradient-based methods.

However, it's possible that the true maximum occurs at a non-sampled k, so this could be an approximation. But it might help in the optimization process, leading to better convergence.

This could be a potential improvement. Let me think: the original code computes the full correlation, which is O(n^2) in time, but with a small n (like 45), it's manageable. However, for larger n_points, it could be expensive. But the user prefers small n_points, so it's acceptable.

So, modifying the objective function to evaluate at a subset of shifts could help. But in the current code, the maximum is taken over all possible k. To implement this, perhaps the code can precompute certain shifts (like the ones where the maximum is likely to occur) and use those for optimization.

Another angle: the overlap integral depends on the spacing between the shifts. For example, when k is small, the overlap is between adjacent points. When k is larger, the overlap is between regions that are more spread out. Therefore, the maximum might occur at certain critical k values that can be precomputed.

But without knowing, it's hard to select them. However, perhaps sampling k at regular intervals could help.

Alternatively, the current code uses the full correlation, which is correct. But maybe the maximum is achieved at specific k values. For example, for the initial solution, the maximum might be at k=1 (the midpoint), which requires careful handling.

In any case, the previous code's approach seems correct, so focusing on refining the optimization steps is the way to go.

Now, considering all the points, I'll structure the code to:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.

- Generate more initial guesses, including different waveforms and randomized functions.

- Use DE and SLSQP with adjusted parameters to refine the solution.

- Maybe add a step where the initial guess is optimized with a quick gradient-based method before starting the more intensive optimization.

Another thing to consider: in the previous code, the initial guesses are generated with frequencies from 3 to 6 and different duty cycles. Expanding the frequency range or adding more functions could generate better initial guesses.

Also, the code uses a limited number of guesses (like 14). Maybe increasing the number of guesses would help explore more of the solution space.

However, with the time budget, generating too many guesses could be too slow. So, balancing between the number of guesses and computation time is important.

In the end, the main changes would be to generate more diverse initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence. Also, perhaps adding a step to refine the solution with more SLSQP iterations.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values and apply a small adjustment to it, then optimize. For example, using a small perturbation to the initial guess and then running SLSQP on it. This could help in cases where the initial guess is close to the optimal solution.

Putting all these thoughts together, the modified code would:

- Generate more initial guesses with different waveforms and parameters.

- Use DE and SLSQP with adjusted parameters (more iterations, better tolerances).

- Possibly add a step where the initial guess is optimized further with a local method.

So, the final code would include more initial guesses (maybe more frequencies, duty cycles, and types of waveforms), and adjust the optimization steps to allow for better convergence.

Now, translating this into code. The initial_h_values is provided, so start from there. Then generate more guesses. For example, adding more sawtooth and triangle waves with different frequencies and duty cycles. Also, generate more random functions.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated by freq in range(3,7), and duty in [0.3, 0.4, 0.5]. Expanding this to more frequencies and duty cycles could be beneficial.

Also, adding other waveforms like sine waves or square waves.

Additionally, the code could use a more efficient way to generate initial guesses, such as using a combination of functions or randomized patterns.

But given the code length constraint, I need to keep the code concise. So, in the code, generating more guesses by varying parameters.

The final code would adjust the initial guesses to include a wider range of waveforms and parameters, increase the number of iterations for the optimization steps, and possibly refine the solution with more SLSQP steps.

Another consideration is the efficiency of the code. The previous code uses differential evolution with 50 population size and 50 iterations. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations for DE would help, but with time constraints, it's a trade-off.

In conclusion, the main changes to the code would involve:

- Expanding the initial guesses with more waveforms and parameters.

- Adjusting the optimization parameters (e.g., increasing the number of iterations or changing the tolerance).

- Using a combination of optimization methods (DE and SLSQP) to refine the solution.

- Possibly adding a step to further optimize the initial guess.

Now, translating these into code.

The final Python code will need to generate more initial guesses, possibly adjust the parameters, and optimize. Here's a possible implementation.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 9):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.25, 0.35, 0.45, 0.55, 0.65, 0.75]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.25, 0.35, 0.45, 0.55, 0.65, 0.75]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(8):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.7, tol=1e-8)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(6):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```