<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize the function h. But the current best is 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. So I need a better approach.

First, I should think about why the previous approach might not be sufficient. The existing code uses a variety of initial guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Then it applies SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe there are better starting points or optimization strategies.

I remember that the Erdős problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap when shifting the function h. So the overlap integral is maximized over different shifts k. Our goal is to find a function h that makes this maximum as small as possible.

The previous code uses the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. But cross-correlation can be tricky. Maybe there's a way to model this as an optimization problem with constraints, but the previous approach uses a heuristic method.

An alternative idea: since we need to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model this as a minimax problem. However, solving such problems analytically is challenging. So maybe using more advanced optimization techniques or exploring different structures for h.

Another thought: The problem is similar to designing a binary sequence with certain properties, but here h is continuous. Maybe using a piecewise constant function with specific patterns. The initial h has 45 points. Perhaps increasing the number of points could help, but the user mentioned that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. Wait, the previous code uses n=45. Maybe using more points could allow more precise optimization, but the budget is tight. However, the problem says to prefer smaller sequences, so maybe stick to around 50 points or so.

Another angle: the constraint that the integral of h is 1. So the average value of h is 0.5. So the function h is a probability density function, and we want to spread out the "mass" to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted.

What if we try to use a function with multiple periodic components? Like a Fourier series approach. Or maybe using a function that is designed to have low correlation with itself when shifted. For example, a function that is aperiodic but has certain symmetries.

Alternatively, maybe using a function that's a combination of pulses with specific spacing. The previous code tried pulses, but maybe optimizing their positions and widths.

Wait, the initial h_values are provided, maybe I can start from that and try to refine it. The previous code uses a starting guess from initial_h_values, then applies various methods. But maybe a better starting point is possible. However, the user says to use initial_h_values if available, so I can't change that.

The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a different optimization algorithm, like genetic algorithms, or a more efficient local optimization method. But given the time budget, perhaps combining multiple strategies.

Another idea: the current code evaluates the maximum cross-correlation, but maybe there's a way to approximate this max by focusing on specific shifts. For example, the maximum might occur at certain shifts, like k=1, 2, etc. So if we can find a function that minimizes the overlap for these critical shifts, perhaps the maximum would be lower.

But how to incorporate this into the optimization? Maybe adding penalty terms for specific shifts. But that might complicate the objective function.

Alternatively, consider that the maximum overlap is over k in [0, 2]. However, since the integral over [0,2], shifting by k, the overlap would be similar for different k's. Maybe focusing on a few key k's could help.

Wait, the cross-correlation in the code is computed for all shifts. The maximum over all shifts is the C₅ value. So perhaps the maximum occurs for some specific shift. So even if we can find a function where for that specific shift, the overlap is minimized, but perhaps the maximum over all shifts is still higher.

Another thought: The problem might be similar to the covering problem. We want h to be spread out so that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much with itself. So maybe designing h in a way that it's sparse or has aperiodic patterns.

Alternatively, think about the dual problem. What is the minimal C₅ such that there exists h with integral 1 and max overlap ≤ C₅. To find this, perhaps using some variational approach, but that's too abstract.

Back to optimization techniques. The previous approach uses SLSQP with some guesses. Maybe using a better optimization strategy, like Bayesian optimization or a more efficient local search. But with the time constraints, perhaps using more iterations of SLSQP with different starting points.

Wait, the code uses differential evolution for some iterations, which is a global optimization method. But maybe using a better initial population for differential evolution could help. Also, adjusting parameters like population size, mutation rates, etc.

Alternatively, maybe combining multiple optimization methods: starting with a global search (differential evolution) to find a good region, then using local optimization (SLSQP) to refine.

But the previous code already does this. So perhaps increasing the number of trials or adjusting the hyperparameters of the optimization steps could help.

Another possible improvement: the initial guesses are generated with various functions. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses, such as using different frequencies or duty cycles for the pulses and other functions, could lead to better solutions.

Also, in the previous code, the guesses are generated with a fixed number of frequencies and duties. Maybe expanding that list with more possibilities, or using a different set of initial functions.

Additionally, the code uses the initial_h_values as one of the guesses. But if the initial_h_values are not optimal, then perhaps using other starting points could be better. However, the user says to use initial_h_values if available, so we can't change that.

Another idea: the cross-correlation is calculated over all shifts, but the overlap integral is over [0,2]. However, when using the full mode, the cross-correlation might include overlapping regions that aren't in the original interval. Wait, the cross-correlation of h and 1-h in full mode gives the convolution over all possible shifts. But since the original function is on [0, 2], the maximum overlap would be determined by shifts where the overlap is non-zero.

But perhaps the code is using the correct calculation. Alternatively, maybe there's a way to approximate the maximum overlap by considering only certain shifts, which could simplify the problem.

But I'm not sure. The current approach seems valid.

Another possible angle: the integral is over [0, 2], and the shift k can be from 0 to 2, but when you shift h by k, the overlap is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. However, for x + k to be within [0, 2], the valid range of x depends on k. For example, when k is small, the overlap is from x=0 to 2 -k. For larger k, the overlap region is smaller. The maximum of this integral over all k would be the C₅ value.

But maybe the maximum occurs when the overlap region is as large as possible. For example, when k is 0, the integral is ∫ h(x)*(1 - h(x)) dx, which would be ∫ h(1 - h) dx. Since h is between 0 and 1, the maximum of h*(1 -h) is 0.25, and if h is spread out, maybe this integral is small. However, when k is such that the overlap is over a larger region, the value might be higher.

Alternatively, perhaps the worst-case shift is when the function h is shifted by a certain amount that causes maximum overlap. The problem is to find a function that makes this worst case as small as possible.

In this context, maybe using a function that is spread out in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, a function that is a combination of several pulses spaced apart, but not too close.

The previous code tried some pulse and sawtooth functions, but maybe using more sophisticated patterns, like a combination of different pulses with varying positions and widths.

Another idea: Since the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum cross-correlation, perhaps using a function designed to have low cross-correlation with itself. In signal processing, this is similar to designing a sequence with low autocorrelation. However, the constraints here are different, but perhaps similar principles apply.

In the case of binary sequences, the Welch bound is used for minimizing maximum cross-correlation. Maybe using some of those principles here. However, since h is a continuous function, not a binary sequence, this might not directly apply.

But perhaps the optimal h would have a structure that is similar to a low autocorrelation sequence. For example, using a function that is a sum of sinusoids with specific frequencies, or a function that is aperiodic but has certain properties.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is over [0, 2], maybe the function can be designed to have symmetry or periodicity that reduces overlap when shifted.

Another approach: Since the problem has a constraint on the integral of h being 1, maybe using a function that is a uniform distribution over intervals. For example, h(x) is 1 on some intervals and 0 elsewhere. But with the constraint that the total length is 1. So if we have a set of intervals, each of length l_i, and sum l_i =1. Then h(x) is 1 on those intervals. However, the overlap when shifted would be the sum over pairs of intervals that overlap when shifted by k. This is similar to the binary case, but here the function is piecewise constant with more intervals.

For example, if h is a binary function that is 1 on m intervals of length 1/m. Then the overlap when shifted by k would be the sum over intervals of the overlap between them when shifted. The problem becomes finding such intervals that minimize the maximum overlap for any shift k.

This is similar to the problem of placing m intervals on [0,2] to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted. This might be easier to optimize, especially with the constraint that sum of lengths is 1 (so m intervals would each have length 1/m).

For example, if m is 5, then each interval is of length 0.2, and the positions of these intervals are chosen to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted. This could be a way to construct h. However, the previous code didn't explore this approach.

If the current best is around 0.38, maybe using more intervals (higher m) could lead to better results. However, the number of intervals increases the complexity of the optimization problem.

But given the time constraints, perhaps trying this approach could be beneficial. For example, using a binary function with multiple intervals spaced out. Then, the maximum overlap would be the maximum number of overlapping intervals when shifted by k, multiplied by the length of each interval (since each interval contributes its length to the overlap). Wait, but the overlap integral would be the integral over the overlapping region of h(x)(1-h(x +k)) dx. If h is 1 on intervals, then for each overlapping region, the integral would be the measure of the overlapping region (since h(x) =1 and 1 -h(x +k) is 1 if x +k is in a 0 interval, etc. Wait, this gets complicated, but maybe for a binary function, the overlap integral can be simplified.

Actually, for a binary function h(x) that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, then 1 - h(x) is 0 on the same intervals and 1 elsewhere. The overlap integral when shifting by k is the integral over x where h(x) is 1 and (1 - h(x +k)) is 1. Which means the integral over x where h(x) is 1 and x +k is not in any interval of h. So, this is like the area of h(x) that does not overlap with h(x +k). But the problem is to find the maximum of this over all k.

Alternatively, since the function is binary, the maximum overlap would be the maximum number of overlapping intervals between h and a shifted h. For example, if h(x) is 1 on m intervals, then for a shift k, the integral would be the sum over the lengths of the overlaps between each interval and the shifted version. But this is getting into a more concrete problem.

However, designing such a function might be computationally easier than optimizing a continuous function. For example, if we can find a binary function with m intervals that minimizes the maximum overlap, this could give a better upper bound.

But the previous code didn't use this approach. So maybe trying this approach could be beneficial. However, the user wants the function h to be a step function (discretized), so maybe the binary case is a subset of that.

Another idea: the current code uses the initial h_values with n_points =45. Maybe increasing the number of samples could allow for more precise optimization. However, the user says to prefer sequences with fewer than 1k samples. But perhaps using 50 or 60 points is manageable.

But given the time budget, it's better to stick with a moderate number of points. So perhaps using 50 points would be manageable.

Alternatively, maybe the previous code can be improved by using a better optimization strategy. For example, instead of using SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations, using a more scalable method or adjusting the parameters.

Wait, the code uses SLSQP with maxiter=150, which might be too much. Or maybe changing the optimization method. For example, using COBYLA or another method with better convergence.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed set of initial guesses. Maybe randomly generating more diverse initial points could help escape local optima. However, generating too many guesses might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a random search in combination with local optimization could be effective. But again, under the time constraints, it's a balance.

What about using a more efficient optimization library? The code uses scipy.optimize. Maybe using different solvers or adjusting their parameters. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with more precise tolerance settings, or using the 'trust-constr' method.

Additionally, the code uses differential evolution with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe adjusting the population size or number of generations could help.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation, perhaps focusing the optimization on reducing that maximum for the most critical shifts. For example, using a different objective function that penalizes the maximum overlap more heavily. However, the current code already takes the maximum as the objective function.

Hmm. Maybe the previous code's approach is not sufficient because the optimization is constrained to a finite number of iterations and a limited set of initial guesses. To improve, perhaps we can:

1. Use more diverse initial guesses.
2. Use more advanced optimization techniques.
3. Fine-tune hyperparameters of the solver.
4. Try different structures for h, such as binary functions or more complex patterns.

Given that the current code uses initial_h_values and some generated guesses, perhaps expanding the initial guesses with more patterns could help. For example, including functions that are combinations of multiple pulses with different positions and widths, or functions generated using other methods like phase-shifted Fourier components.

Alternatively, trying to use a genetic algorithm to evolve better h functions. However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch might be time-consuming and might not be efficient enough within the budget.

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is the key, perhaps using a sliding window approach to find the shift that gives the maximum overlap. But this is what the code already does.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum of the cross-correlation over shifts is expensive to compute, maybe approximating it by evaluating it at specific shifts and using that as the objective function. However, this could lead to suboptimal solutions.

Another approach: using the gradient of the objective function. However, the current code uses a numerical method (SLSQP), which automatically computes gradients. Maybe using methods that can better handle the non-convex nature of the problem.

Wait, the problem is non-convex because the objective function is non-convex and the constraints are linear. So using a local optimization method like SLSQP could easily get stuck in local minima. Therefore, using multiple different starting points and combining the results is crucial.

But the previous code already does that with various initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or using a better way to generate them could help.

In the current code, the generated guesses include pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. But perhaps generating functions with different characteristics, such as more complex waveforms or random patterns.

Alternatively, using a combination of different functions with different parameters. For example, generating multiple pulse functions with varying frequencies and duty cycles, and adding them together in a way that they form a more complex h.

But given the time constraints, it's better to focus on optimizing the existing strategy. Perhaps adjusting the parameters of the optimization steps, like increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP or DE.

Another idea: the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed maxiter of 150. Maybe increasing that number would allow better convergence. However, the time budget is tight, so this may not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with a larger number of starting points, but this would take more time.

In conclusion, the code's current approach is a good start, but to improve it, perhaps:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses.
- Adjust the hyperparameters of the optimization methods (e.g., population size in DE, maxiter in SLSQP).
- Use better initial guesses based on the existing initial_h_values.
- Implement a more efficient optimization strategy, such as using a combination of global and local search methods.
- Consider different structures for h, like binary functions or other patterns.

Given the time and resource constraints, the best approach might be to refine the existing code by adding more initial guesses and optimizing the parameters, but ensuring that the code runs within the time budget.

So here's a plan for the new code:

1. Start with the existing initial_h_values.
2. Generate more initial guesses, including combinations of different functions (e.g., multiple pulses with different positions and widths).
3. Use a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP with adjusted parameters.
4. Increase the number of iterations for the optimization steps, but ensure that the total time does not exceed the budget.
5. Refine the best solution with additional local optimization steps.

Additionally, perhaps using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses, such as using random patterns or more structured approaches.

But given the code length and time constraints, I'll proceed to implement these ideas in the code. For example, expanding the initial guesses to include more types, using a larger population size for differential evolution, or more iterations for SLSQP.

Another possibility is to use a different initial guess based on the initial_h_values. For example, modifying the initial_h_values with some perturbations or adding more complexity.

However, the user's code already uses the initial_h_values as one of the starting guesses. So the plan is to extend this.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code defines several functions to generate guesses, then uses SLSQP and DE. To improve, perhaps generating more guesses, like adding more pulses with varying parameters, or different waveforms.

Another idea: instead of using fixed frequencies, vary them. For example, generate pulses with frequencies from 2 to 5, not just up to 10. Or generate more complex patterns.

Alternatively, use a different method for generating initial guesses, such as using random patterns with certain properties, like ensuring that the integral is 1.

But given the time, I think the best way is to adjust the existing code to include more initial guesses and tweak the optimization parameters.

For example, in the previous code, the guesses are generated with frequencies from 3 to 9, and duties at 0.3, 0.4, etc. Maybe increasing the number of frequencies and duties.

Also, in the code, after generating guesses, it runs SLSQP on them. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP.

Additionally, in the differential evolution part, using a larger population size but fewer generations to save time.

Another tweak: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations for DE (40). Maybe increasing that to 50, but within the budget.

In terms of code structure, the new code should include more initial guesses and possibly modify the optimization steps.

So, modifying the guess generation to include more functions, and adjusting the optimization parameters to allow more iterations but within the time limit.

Another possible optimization: the current code uses the same constraints in all optimization steps. Maybe adding more constraints or modifying the objective function slightly.

But the main idea is to explore more diverse initial points and optimize them more thoroughly.

So, implementing these changes in the code. For example, expanding the list of generated guesses, increasing the number of guess functions, and adjusting the optimization parameters.

Also, the code could use a more aggressive refinement step with SLSQP.

Putting this into code, the steps would be:

- Modify the initial guess generation to include more functions.
- Adjust the DE parameters to have a larger population size or more generations.
- Increase the number of SLSQP iterations.
- Add more refinement steps.

Now, translating this into the code. For example, in the guesses section, adding more pulse and sawtooth functions with different frequencies and duties.

Also, in the DE part, increasing the maxiter and population size but keeping it within the budget.

Another optimization: precompute the cross-correlation once for the initial guesses and choose the best ones. However, this could be time-consuming.

Overall, the code should be adjusted to generate more initial guesses, use better optimization parameters, and refine the solution more thoroughly.

But given the time constraints, the final code would incorporate these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 10):
        for duty in [0.25, 0.33, 0.5, 0.67, 0.75]:
            guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, duty))
    for freq in range(3, 8):
        for duty in [0.25, 0.33, 0.5, 0.67, 0.75]:
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
    for freq in range(3, 7):
        for duty in [0.25, 0.33, 0.5, 0.67, 0.75]:
            guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))
    for _ in range(8):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-10)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(6):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```