<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get even lower, like 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better way.

First, let me understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h over [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is in [0,1] and has integral 1 over [0,2]. The discretized version uses n_points samples, with dx = 2/n_points.

The previous approach used a seed-based random search, some structured guesses (like sawtooth and triangle waves), and then optimization with SLSQP and DE. However, maybe a different strategy can help. Perhaps using more efficient optimization techniques, or a different initial guess?

An alternative idea is to use a genetic algorithm. But since the code has to run within 100 seconds, maybe a better approach is to use more advanced optimization methods. Or maybe using a different starting point than the initial_h_values. The initial construction might be a local minimum, so starting from other patterns could help.

Another thought: The problem is related to minimizing the maximum overlap, which is similar to a covering problem. Maybe using a more regular structure in the step function could help. For example, using a periodic pattern or symmetric shapes. The current code uses some structured guesses, but perhaps a better structured guess could be made.

Wait, the initial_h_values is available, which is a specific construction. Let me think if there's a way to improve that. Maybe by perturbing it or varying the structure.

Another idea: The overlap integral can be thought of as the maximum over shifts. So, for each shift k, we want to minimize the integral. Maybe a better approach is to model this as a constrained optimization problem and use more efficient solvers. The previous code used SLSQP and DE, but perhaps using a more advanced method like COBYLA, which handles bounds better, or using a different combination of methods.

But the problem is that the function to minimize is non-convex and has multiple local minima. So, the optimization is tricky. Maybe using a global optimization method like differential evolution is better for finding a good initial guess, but then refining with a local method.

Wait, the previous code already uses DE for some steps. Maybe improving the parametrization of the search space. For example, using a different way to generate initial guesses. Or maybe using a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function.

Also, the previous code uses a lot of different guesses, which might be computationally expensive. Maybe focusing on a subset of possible structured patterns could be more efficient. For example, using a combination of multiple overlapping regions with controlled spacing.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a cyclic problem, since the integral is over the real line, and the shift k can wrap around. But since the original interval is [0,2], shifts beyond 2 would need to be adjusted. However, the correlation is computed over the full mode, so for shifts k beyond the length of the array, the convolution would have those values.

Another approach: Since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal h is a periodic function that evenly distributes the mass to avoid high overlaps. For example, a function that has several peaks spaced out in such a way that shifting the function by any k would not overlap too much.

But how to construct such a function? Maybe using a piecewise constant function with multiple intervals set to 1 and 0, arranged to minimize the maximum overlap. For instance, a function with k intervals of 1 and the rest 0, arranged periodically. The challenge is to determine the number of intervals and their placement.

Alternatively, maybe using a function that has two regions of 1, each of length 0.5, spaced such that shifting by 0.5 would cause minimal overlap. But this is just a guess.

Wait, the current best C₅ is around 0.38. To improve this, perhaps we can find a function that has a more optimal distribution of the 'mass' to reduce the overlap when shifted.

Another idea: The problem is similar to the covering problem where we want to arrange the function h to have minimal overlap with its shifted versions. This is similar to the concept of a "saturated" set of points or a code with minimal pairwise intersections. Maybe using concepts from coding theory or combinatorics could help.

But since we're restricted to numerical optimization, perhaps focusing on optimizing the function h with more efficient techniques.

The previous code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point, but perhaps there's a better way to generate the initial guess. For example, using a function that has a more regular structure, like a symmetrical pattern or multiple overlapping segments.

Alternatively, using a combination of different structured guesses, such as different frequencies and duty cycles, as done in the previous code, but with more refined parameters.

But given the time constraints, maybe the previous approach was too slow. The code used several guesses and multiple optimization steps, which might be taking too much time. So, perhaps focusing on a smaller set of more effective initial guesses and optimizing them more efficiently.

Another thought: Since the overlap integral depends on the maximum over all k, perhaps a good strategy is to ensure that for all possible shifts k, the integral is as low as possible. This could be achieved by making the function h have a structure that when shifted, overlaps with itself as little as possible.

For example, if h consists of two intervals of 1, each of length 1, separated by some distance. Let's say we place the first interval from 0 to 1, and the second from a to a+1. Then, shifting by k would create overlaps between the intervals. However, the optimal spacing would need to be determined to minimize the maximum integral.

But with more intervals, this might be more complex. The previous code used a 45-point discretization, which may not be the best choice. Maybe trying with a different n_points, such as 30 or 40, to balance between resolution and computational feasibility.

Wait, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred since they are faster to optimize. So, maybe trying with n_points = 50 is better than 45, but the initial code uses 45. However, the current code may have to run with the given initial_h_values, which is for n=45.

But the problem says that the initial_h_values are provided and can be used directly. So, perhaps the initial guess is for n=45, and we can use that. But to optimize, maybe we can try lower n_points, but the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe the optimal is found with a smaller n_points.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial_h_values is for a certain number of points, and the code can try varying that. But the previous code uses a fixed n_points, which is len(initial_h_values). So, maybe the code should adjust the n_points, but the user hasn't specified it. However, the problem says that the user will call the run function with no arguments, so the code has to use whatever n_points is in the initial_h_values.

So, assuming that the initial_h_values has a certain length, like n_points=45. Then, the code needs to optimize over those 45 points.

Back to the optimization. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution. However, differential evolution might be too slow for large n_points. Maybe using a more efficient optimization method, like gradient-based methods, but since the problem is non-convex, we need to find good initial points.

Another approach could be to use a more sophisticated initial guess. For example, starting with a function that is a combination of multiple intervals, perhaps with a periodic structure. For instance, if we can find a function that is symmetric or has a certain periodicity, this could help in minimizing the overlap.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that consists of multiple regions where the function is 1, arranged such that their shifted versions have minimal overlap. For example, if the function is 1 in intervals of certain lengths and spaced apart.

But how to translate that into a step function with discretization?

Another idea: The overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)). Since h is a step function (discretized), this integral can be approximated as the sum over all x of h[x] * (1 - h[x +k]) * dx. So, the maximum of this over all k is what we need to minimize.

Therefore, the problem can be viewed as finding a vector h of length n_points (with sum 1) such that the maximum over all possible k of the sum over x of h[x] * (1 - h[x +k]) * dx is minimized.

But how to model this? Perhaps using a sliding window approach. For each possible shift k, compute the overlap. But the shifts can be from 0 to 2, so in the discretized case, the shifts k could be from 0 to 2*(n_points/2) ?

Wait, the problem says that the correlation is computed with mode="full", which for two vectors of length n_points gives a result of length 2n_points - 1. So, for each possible shift k, the integral is computed as the convolution at position k. Therefore, the code uses np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode="full") which gives all possible shifts.

So, the maximum among these is the value to minimize.

An alternative to the previous code's approach is to use a more structured optimization. For example, using a genetic algorithm that evolves the h vector by combining different patterns. However, genetic algorithms may be too slow.

Another approach could be to model this as a constrained optimization problem and use a more efficient solver. For example, using the COBYLA method which handles bounds and equality constraints. However, the previous code used SLSQP, which might be more suitable.

But the previous code's main issue might be the number of guesses. Using a combination of many different guesses might be computationally expensive, so perhaps focusing on a better initial guess and using more refined optimization steps could help.

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to generate initial guesses, such as the initial_h_values, and then applying perturbations to it. For example, starting from the initial guess and then using a local optimization method to refine it.

But the previous code already starts from initial_h_values and then generates other guesses. However, perhaps even better results can be achieved by focusing on a few structured guesses and refining them with optimization.

Another thought: The current best is around 0.38. The target is to get lower than 0.380876. To achieve this, maybe we need to find a function that has a more balanced distribution of 1s and 0s, avoiding long runs of 1s that could cause high overlaps when shifted.

For instance, if the function has many intervals of 1 separated by gaps, the shifting would lead to more overall overlap. Wait, no, if they are spaced out, shifting by certain amounts may cause less overlap. But how to balance this.

Alternatively, if the function has a certain pattern that repeats, but with enough spacing to minimize overlaps.

Another idea: Since the problem is over the interval [0,2], perhaps the optimal h is symmetric around 1. That is, the function is symmetric in the interval. This symmetry might help in reducing the maximum overlap, as shifting would lead to similar overlaps on both sides.

So, perhaps generating a symmetric initial guess. For example, initial_h_values might be symmetric. If so, the code could enforce symmetry during optimization to reduce the search space.

But how to handle that in the code? By constraining the function to be symmetric, which can be done by setting h[i] = h[ n_points -i -1 ] for all i.

But adding such constraints might make the optimization more efficient. However, the current code doesn't do that. So, maybe enforcing symmetry could help in finding a better solution.

Another approach: Use multiple variables for the positions and sizes of the intervals, but that might be complex to model.

Alternatively, since the problem is discrete, perhaps using a greedy approach to place the intervals such that each new interval is placed to minimize the maximum overlap with previous ones.

But greedy methods often lead to suboptimal solutions.

Hmm. Let me think about how to improve the previous code. The previous code used several different initial guesses, but maybe it's better to focus on a few more effective ones. For example, using a more efficient way to generate structured patterns, like periodic triangular waves with specific frequencies and duty cycles.

Alternatively, using a combination of different structures and then optimizing. But again, the code has to be efficient.

Another idea is to use Bayesian optimization. However, implementing that might be complex and time-consuming, especially with the time constraints.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient solver. For example, using the IPOPT solver if available, but the previous code uses SLSQP. Depending on which solver is available, that might change the optimization.

But the code has to use the available solvers. Assuming that scipy.optimize has access to different solvers.

Wait, in the previous code, they tried using SLSQP and DE. Maybe experimenting with other solvers could help.

Another thought: The previous code's DE step might be too slow. Perhaps using a smaller population size and fewer iterations, but with refinement steps.

Alternatively, to use a hybrid approach: Start with DE for a few iterations to find a good initial guess, then refine with SLSQP.

But the previous code already does that. Maybe the problem is the number of iterations or the parameters used.

Looking at the code again, the DE step is run twice with 20 iterations each. Then, refinement steps are used. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for DE could help, but the time budget is tight.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial guesses are not sufficient. For example, using more structured patterns that are more likely to yield good solutions.

For example, if the function h is a periodic function with several peaks, then shifting by certain amounts would not cause large overlaps. But how to model that.

Another idea: Let's think about the optimal h. Since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. The function h(x) is a step function that is 1 for some intervals and 0 for others. The overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) dx. Expanding this:

∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx.

Since the first term is 1, the overlap integral is 1 minus the integral of h(x) h(x +k) dx. So, the overlap integral equals 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx over k.

This is interesting. So, the problem can be rephrased as maximizming the minimum of the autocorrelation at different shifts. This might be a useful perspective.

So, the goal is to maximize the minimal autocorrelation. Therefore, if we can find a function h such that the autocorrelation is high for all shifts, then the overlap integral will be low. But this might require the function to have high autocorrelation in all directions, which is challenging.

However, the Erdős problem is about the minimum overlap, and thus we want the maximum of the overlap. So, the optimal function would have as low as possible maximum overlap.

But how to translate this to the optimization process.

Perhaps using a more aggressive optimization strategy. For example, using a combination of multiple different starting points and applying a more thorough optimization.

Another approach: Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum, perhaps using a Lagrangian relaxation where we attempt to balance the overlaps for different shifts. However, this is non-convex and difficult to model.

Alternatively, using a heuristic approach where we try to balance the overlaps. For example, during the optimization, we could prioritize reducing the maximum overlap by adjusting the h values.

But how to implement this in code.

Back to the code. Perhaps the previous code's main issue is that the initial guesses are not effective enough. So, maybe generating better initial guesses.

For example, using the initial_h_values as one guess, and then generating other guesses based on that. Like, perturbing the initial guess, or modifying it to add more structure.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess that is more structured. For instance, a function with multiple intervals of 1 spaced out.

But without knowing the structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the user has provided the initial_h_values, which the code can use directly. So, perhaps the initial_h_values is a good starting point, but it's possible that it's stuck in a local minimum.

So, to escape local minima, perhaps using more diverse initial guesses is important. The previous code tried several structured guesses, but maybe adding more types of structured patterns could help.

Alternatively, using a grid search over possible parameters for the structured guesses. For example, varying the frequency and duty cycle of the sawtooth and triangle waves.

But how to implement that in code.

Another idea: Perhaps the current code's DE step is not effective because the objective function is non-smooth. Using a local optimization method like SLSQP after DE might help, but DE might not find a good enough initial point.

Alternatively, using a different optimization library, but the code is constrained to use scipy.optimize.

Another thing to note: The previous code's initial_random guess generates a random vector and normalizes it to have sum target_sum. This could lead to a poor initial guess. Maybe using a more informed random generation.

But how to make it more informed. For example, generating random intervals of 1 and spacing them out. However, this might be complex.

Alternatively, using the initial guess and then applying a few random perturbations to it, then optimizing.

But again, the code has to be efficient.

Another possible improvement: The code uses the same n_points throughout. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. So, maybe trying with smaller n_points, like n_points=60 or 80, could help. However, the initial_h_values may have a specific n_points. If the initial_h_values is for n=45, then the code has to optimize that. But if there's no initial_h_values, then the code could generate a smaller n_points.

But in this case, the initial_h_values is provided. So, the code has to use that.

Another idea: Since the integral of h is 1, the function averages to 0.5. So, the function should be designed so that the areas where it is 1 and 0 are balanced. Perhaps, using a function that has several intervals of 1 and 0, with the total length of 1s equal to 1 (since integral is 1). For example, if the function is 1 for intervals of length 1/(m) each, and m intervals are placed in the [0,2] interval. But how to arrange them for minimal overlap.

But creating such a function requires finding the optimal arrangement of intervals.

However, this is a combinatorial problem. For example, if we have m intervals of length Δ, each placed at certain positions, such that the total length is mΔ = 1, and the intervals are spaced to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted.

But how to translate that into code.

Alternatively, focusing on the code structure. The previous code used multiple guesses, but perhaps it's better to focus on a few well-chosen guesses. For example, one structured guess based on the initial_h_values, and then refine it.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the starting point, and then using a local optimization to improve it.

The current code does this by starting with h = initial_h_values and then generating other guesses. However, perhaps the initial guess is better than the others. So, focusing on the initial guess and refining it might be better.

But the previous code also uses other guesses. Maybe the initial_h_values is not the best. However, given that it's the initial guess, perhaps the best approach is to refine it.

So, the code could focus on starting from the initial_h_values and then using SLSQP with multiple refinement steps. But the previous code already does this.

Another possible improvement: The previous code's SLSQP method uses a convergence tolerance of 1e-10, which might be too strict and cause the optimization to take too long. Relaxing the tolerance could allow faster convergence, though it might not find the optimal solution.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method, like the BFGS method, but with constraints.

Another thing to consider: The problem is to minimize the maximum overlap. This is a minimax problem, which can be challenging. Maybe using a heuristic that tries to minimize the maximum by iteratively adjusting the h values to reduce the largest overlap.

For example, find the k that gives the maximum overlap, and then adjust the h values to reduce that overlap. However, this would be a local approach and might not lead to the global minimum.

But implementing this as a gradient-based method might be complex.

In conclusion, the previous code uses a combination of initial guesses and optimization steps. To improve upon it, perhaps:

1. Focus more on the initial guess (initial_h_values) and refine it with more optimization steps.
2. Use more efficient optimization methods, perhaps reducing the number of guesses and fine-tuning the optimization parameters.
3. Enforce symmetry in the function to reduce the search space.
4. Use different structured guesses, like periodic patterns, and optimize them.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the key improvement is to refine the initial guess more thoroughly. So, perhaps the code could start with the initial_h_values and apply multiple rounds of optimization, with tighter constraints or better parameters.

Another possible change: In the previous code, after running the first few guesses, the code uses differential evolution. But perhaps using differential evolution with more iterations could find better initial points. However, the budget is tight.

Another idea: Since the correlation function is the main objective, maybe precomputing the correlation for various shifts and optimizing to minimize the maximum. This is what the code already does.

In terms of code structure, perhaps the following changes could be made:

- Reduce the number of guesses and focus on a few structured patterns.
- Use a more efficient way to generate structured guesses, perhaps with parameter sweeping.
- Optimize the initial guess more thoroughly with SLSQP and faster convergence.

But without knowing the exact structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to tailor the guesses. However, the code can generate structured guesses based on varying frequencies and duty cycles.

For example, generating sawtooth and triangle waves with varying parameters could create different patterns that might be better than the initial guess.

So, the code could generate a set of structured guesses with a range of frequencies and duty cycles, and then optimize each of them.

In the previous code, for example, the code generates guesses for frequencies 3 to 7 with certain duty cycles. Perhaps increasing the range of frequencies or trying more duty cycles could help.

Alternatively, using more efficient parameters, such as a fixed frequency and varying duty cycle, or vice versa.

In terms of code, the code can generate more guesses by varying the parameters. However, this increases the number of guesses and thus the computational time.

Overall, the main task is to find a way to improve the initial guess and refine it more effectively. Perhaps the previous code used too many guesses and the time was spent on that. So, focusing on the initial guess and using a more thorough optimization could be better.

Another possible optimization is to use the initial guess and apply a few iterations of a local optimization method, but with a larger step size or more aggressive parameter adjustments.

In conclusion, to improve upon the previous code, I can try the following:

- Focus more on the initial guess and perform multiple refinement steps with SLSQP.
- Use a more efficient optimization method with better parameters.
- Enforce symmetry in the function to reduce search space.
- Generate more structured guesses with varied parameters.

But given the time constraints, the code needs to be efficient. So, perhaps the improved code would combine these thoughts by focusing on the initial guess and refining it with more optimization steps, using efficient methods.

Now, to code this, the idea is to start with the initial_h_values, strengthen the optimization steps, and possibly adjust the parameters of the optimization methods.

Another thing to consider: The previous code used scipy.optimize.minimize with method 'SLSQP' and 'differential_evolution'. Perhaps using 'L-BFGS-B' with bounds could be more efficient, but it's a gradient-based method which might get stuck in local minima.

Alternatively, using a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution, but with more efficient parameters.

So, the code could be modified to focus on the initial guess and perform a more thorough optimization using SLSQP with a suitable number of iterations.

But to implement this, the code needs to be adjusted. Let me outline the steps:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Perform a series of optimization steps using SLSQP with increasing iterations.
3. Use differential evolution to find a better initial guess.
4. Refine using SLSQP again.

But perhaps the previous code's approach is already similar. To make it more efficient, the code could reduce the number of guesses and focus on the initial guess and a few other structured guesses.

Another idea: Since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps it's beneficial to use a function that is discontinuous but has a balanced distribution of 1s and 0s. For example, placing the 1s in the function such that they are as evenly spaced as possible.

But implementing this requires a specific pattern. For example, if there are m intervals of 1s, then the spacing between them would be determined by the total length.

But without knowing the number of intervals, it's hard to model. However, the initial_h_values might already have a certain number of intervals.

In any case, the main task is to code a more efficient and effective optimization process. Given the previous code's structure, perhaps the best approach is to refine the initial guess more thoroughly and use better optimization parameters.

Thus, here's the plan for the code:

- Start with the initial_h_values.
- Perform multiple rounds of optimization using SLSQP with varying parameters.
- Use differential evolution to find a better initial guess.
- Refine with more SLSQP steps.
- Enforce symmetry if possible.

But given the time constraints, the code needs to be efficient. So, the code will:

- Start with the initial guess.
- Use SLSQP with a limited number of iterations but better parameters.
- Use differential evolution once to find a better guess.
- Refine the best guess with SLSQP again.
- Possibly add some structured guesses, like sawtooth or triangle, but with fewer parameters.

Now, translating this into code.

The previous code used several guesses, but the new code could reduce them, focusing on the initial and a few structured guesses.

Another change is to use a smaller n_points if possible, but assuming the initial_n_points is fixed.

In the new code, the steps are:

- Use the initial_h_values.
- Perform a few optimization steps with SLSQP.
- Use differential evolution with fewer iterations but focused on the initial guess.
- Refine the result.

So, the code could be structured with fewer guesses and more refinement.

Another consideration: The previous code had a time limit of 100 seconds. The code must stop before that time. Therefore, optimizing the steps to complete within the time.

Thus, the final code would likely be similar to the previous one but with a focus on the initial guess and more refinement.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 7):
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.45))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.5))

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-4})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=40, maxiter=20,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.7, tol=1e-8)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 400, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-4})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```