<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is around 0.38085, and our target is to get lower than 0.380876. Let me think about how to approach this.

The problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1.

The previous code uses a combination of initial guesses, SLSQP optimization, and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better way. Let me think about possible improvements.

First, the previous approach uses a fixed initial guess based on some waveforms. Maybe trying different initial structures could help avoid local minima. For example, maybe a more optimal structure that balances the coverage more evenly.

Another thought: the overlap integral involves max over k, so the worst-case shift. To minimize this maximum, the function h should be designed such that for any shift, the overlap is small. This might relate to avoiding periodic patterns that could lead to high overlaps when shifted.

I recall that in similar problems, using a more uniform distribution of the function's active regions can help. Maybe a construction that divides the interval into several parts, each active for a certain length, arranged in a way that shifts don't align too many active regions.

Let me think about the structure. Let's say n_points is chosen. The initial code used n=45, but maybe using a different number of points could be better. For example, a number that allows for more symmetry. Let's consider n=60 or n=90, but since the budget is tight, maybe stick to a smaller n for faster optimization. Wait, the user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe n=60 or similar.

Alternatively, maybe the initial construction is not optimal. Let me think about how the initial_h_values are constructed. The previous code uses some pulse and sawtooth functions. Perhaps there's a better way to generate the initial guess.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe using a function that's periodic but with certain properties. For example, a function that is active in intervals that are spaced in such a way that shifting by k would cause the overlap to be minimal.

Wait, the problem is similar to the covering problem. We need to choose h(x) to cover the interval [0,2] with measure 1, such that when shifted, the overlap with the complement is minimized. So, it's a kind of covering problem with shifting.

An optimal solution might involve dividing the interval into regions that are spaced out. For example, dividing [0,2] into three intervals of length 2/3 each, but arranged so that shifts overlap as little as possible. But this is vague.

Alternatively, think about Fourier analysis. The overlap integral can be written as the convolution of h and (1-h) evaluated at certain points. Maybe using Fourier methods to analyze the problem. However, this might be too abstract for a numerical optimization approach.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum convolution, perhaps using a function that is a superposition of multiple shifted step functions, arranged in a way that their overlaps are balanced.

Wait, the current code uses differential evolution and SLSQP for optimization. Maybe a better optimization approach could help. For example, using a more efficient local search method, or a hybrid approach combining global and local optimizations.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess can be improved. For example, instead of generating random guesses, maybe we can generate structured initial guesses that are more likely to lead to a better solution.

Another angle: the problem's integral can be expressed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Let's think about specific shifts. For example, the maximum overlap might occur at specific values of k. For example, if the function is symmetric around some point, then shifts that align certain parts would be problematic.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal function is a piecewise function with a certain number of segments. For example, a function that is active in multiple intervals, each of a certain length, arranged such that any shift causes the overlap to be limited.

Let me think of a possible construction. Suppose we divide the interval [0,2] into m equal parts, each of length 2/m. Then, for each part, we have some active regions. But how to arrange them?

Alternatively, consider using a function that's 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere. For example, if the function is a union of intervals that are spaced such that shifting would not align too many intervals. However, the total measure has to be 1, so if the intervals are non-overlapping.

But this is similar to the problem of designing a set of intervals that cover a measure 1, while minimizing the maximum overlap when shifted. The Erdős problem is related to the covering problem, and the optimal solution is known to be some specific value.

Wait, the current record is 0.38085. Let me think about how the previous code's initial guess might be structured. The initial_h_values might be a step function with some periodic structure. Maybe by improving that structure, we can get a better bound.

Another idea: since the code uses a fixed number of points (45 in the previous example), but the user says that smaller sequences are preferred, perhaps trying with n=60 or n=90 could provide better results, as more points allow for more precise control over the function's shape. However, more points would increase the computation time. But the budget is 100 seconds, which might be manageable with some optimizations.

Wait, the user is asking for a Python code block that will run within 100 seconds. The previous code uses differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe switching to a different optimization strategy could help. For example, using a genetic algorithm with certain parameter settings, but I need to check whether such an approach would be feasible within the time budget.

Alternatively, maybe using a more aggressive optimization approach, like a combination of local search and global search, with more iterations. However, the previous code already uses some of these.

Wait, the previous code uses multiple guesses and refines them. Maybe the initial guesses could be more diverse. For example, generating more varied initial points, or using different waveforms.

Another thought: the overlap integral is dependent on the shifts k. For the maximum k, the worst-case scenario. So, perhaps the code could sample k's that are critical for the maximum, and try to minimize those.

But the problem is that the original code computes the max over all k via the correlation. So, the code is correct in that aspect.

Wait, in the original code, the evaluation uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. Then, the maximum is taken. So the code's evaluation is correct.

So, the main problem is to find a good h that minimizes this maximum.

Another approach is to consider that the maximum overlap for different k can be approximated by considering the worst-case shifts. For example, the shift k that is the length of the interval where h is 1. So, for example, if h is 1 on [a, b], then shifting by (b - a) would cause huge overlaps. Therefore, the function h should be designed such that this doesn't happen. This suggests that the function should be spread out, with no long intervals of being 1.

So, the function should be constructed with multiple small intervals of 1, spaced such that when shifted by certain amounts, the overlap is minimized.

If I model h as a union of m intervals, each of length L, such that mL = 1. Then, the total measure is 1, and the intervals are arranged to avoid overlaps when shifted. However, how to arrange them?

For example, if the intervals are spaced at a distance of D apart, then shifting by D would cause overlaps. So, to minimize the overlap, D should be large compared to L. But since the total measure is fixed, m = 1/L, and the spacing D would need to be such that they don't overlap when shifted. However, this is a rough idea.

Alternatively, think about the problem as a covering problem, where the union of the intervals is [0,2], and the spacing between them is chosen to avoid overlapping when shifted.

But how to translate this into a specific construction? Maybe by arranging intervals with certain properties.

Another idea: the optimal h for the Erdős problem is known to be related to the concept of "approximately periodic" functions. For example, dividing the interval into multiple parts with certain regularity.

Alternatively, maybe using a function that is 1 on certain positions and 0 otherwise, arranged in a way that their shifts do not align. For example, if the function is a set of non-overlapping intervals with lengths that are fractions of the total, but spaced such that shifting by any amount leads to limited overlap.

Wait, but with the total measure of h being 1, the average length of the intervals is 2 * (1)/m, where m is the number of intervals. For example, if there are 3 intervals, each of length 2/3, but that would cause a lot of overlap when shifted. So this might not be good.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 in intervals that are spaced apart. For example, if the function is active in intervals that are 0.5 units apart, but this depends on the exact arrangement.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution is achieved when all possible overlaps are equal. This is similar to the concept of a "balanced" function. For example, if all shifts k lead to the same overlap, then that would be ideal. But achieving this might be difficult.

In any case, the main approach is to generate initial guesses that are better than the previous ones, and then optimize them using a more efficient method.

Looking at the previous code's approach, maybe I can try different initial guesses that are more promising. For example, using structured waveforms that are more likely to lead to a good C5 value.

For instance, instead of using random guesses, maybe use a more systematic approach. For example, creating a function that is a combination of multiple pulses with certain parameters. Or, using a function that is a step function with a specific pattern.

Alternatively, since the problem involves overlapping, maybe using a function that is periodic with a certain period. However, since the interval is [0,2], the period should be compatible with that.

But how to translate this into code? Let me think about creating an initial guess that's a combination of multiple overlapping patterns.

Another approach is to consider that the optimal solution might be a function with a certain number of "blocks" that are active for a fraction of the interval. For example, if the function is 1 for 1/3 of the interval, then for a certain shift, the overlap would be 1/3 * (1 - 1/3) = 1/3 * 2/3 = 2/9 ≈ 0.222, but this is just a rough estimate. However, the maximum overlap might be higher for other shifts.

But this is too vague. Maybe it's better to look for existing literature or similar problems. Wait, the Erdős problem is known, and the constant C5 is related to the minimal maximum overlap. From what I remember, the optimal value for C5 is known to be around 0.38..., but I need to find a construction that achieves a lower upper bound.

The previous code's example achieved C5 of 0.381142, which is slightly higher than the target. So, the goal is to find a better one.

An alternative idea: use a function that is a combination of a sawtooth wave and a triangle wave, arranged such that their overlaps are minimized. Or, maybe use a function that has a certain symmetry, like reflecting parts of the wave.

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of Fourier series. If h is a periodic function with certain frequencies, the overlap might be minimized. But again, this is too abstract.

Let me think about the code I need to write. The current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. The user's previous code uses a number of initial guesses generated with various functions. To improve this, perhaps I should focus on generating better initial guesses or using a different optimization strategy.

Wait, perhaps the problem arises from the initial guess being suboptimal. For example, in the previous code, the initial_h_values are used, but if they are not good, then the optimization might not find the best solution. So, maybe generating a better initial guess is key.

But how? Let's think: if I can find a way to construct a good initial guess that has a lower C5 than the current one, that would help. For example, using a function that has a more uniform distribution of active regions.

Another idea: let's consider that the optimal h is a piecewise constant function with multiple intervals. Suppose I divide the interval [0,2] into m segments, each of length 2/m. Then, if I set h(x) to be 1 in k of those segments and 0 otherwise, such that the total measure is 1. For example, if m is large enough that k * (2/m) = 1. Let's say m=60, then k=30. So, 30 segments of 2/60 = 0.0333 length. But how to arrange them?

If the segments are evenly spaced, then the overlap might be minimized. For example, if the segments are placed such that no two are too close. Wait, but if they are evenly spaced, their shifts might not overlap much. However, since the total measure is 1, this would require that the segments are spread out.

But this is just a vague idea. Let's try to think of a specific example. For example, suppose the function is 1 on intervals that are spaced with a certain distance between them, such that any shift would not align too many intervals.

Alternatively, use a function that is 1 on intervals of length 2/q, where q is some integer, arranged periodically, but with some offset. For example, if q=3, then intervals of length 2/3, but spaced in a way that shifting by 1 would cause overlaps. But how?

Alternatively, think of h as a function that is 1 on the first part of the interval, then 0, then 1 again, etc., but with varying lengths.

However, all of these are very vague. Let me think about code adjustments.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include variations of pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Perhaps generating more complex initial guesses would help. For example, combining different waveforms or using more parameters.

Another thing to note is that the previous code uses multiple random guesses. Maybe generating a few structured guesses and then refining them with different optimization methods could lead to better results.

Alternatively, consider using a genetic algorithm approach, which could explore the search space more effectively. However, implementing a genetic algorithm in Python within the time constraints may be challenging.

Alternatively, perhaps using a hybrid approach where differential evolution is used for global search, followed by SLSQP for local refinement.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model it as a bilevel optimization problem. But this may be too complex for a numerical approach.

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of the correlation function. The maximum of the correlation between h and 1-h is what we're trying to minimize. So, perhaps using a function h that has a flat correlation, or one that is minimized for all shifts.

But how to find such a function numerically?

Let me think about the code again. Let's imagine that the current code uses a certain number of initial guesses, and the optimization steps. To improve it, maybe:

1. Use a better initial guess. For example, if the initial_h_values is not the best, maybe generate a better initial vector.

2. Use more effective optimization methods. For example, adjusting the parameters of the SLSQP and differential evolution to get better convergence.

3. Try different numbers of points (n_points) to find the optimal one.

But how to implement these in code?

Let's think about generating a better initial guess. The current code uses the initial_h_values, which might be an existing construction. So, perhaps the user's initial_h_values is a good starting point, but we can try to tweak it or generate a new one.

Alternatively, let's think of using a different initial guess, such as a function that is a combination of several pulses, arranged in a way that covers the interval uniformly.

For example, using a function that is active in multiple regions spread out across the interval [0,2]. Suppose we divide the interval into m parts, and set h(x) = 1 in some of those parts.

But how to translate this into code? For example, if n_points is 60, then the interval is divided into 60 points. If we want to spread out 30 points where h is 1, but in such a way that they are evenly spaced.

Wait, if the function is 1 on exactly 30 points (each with dx = 2.0/60), then the total measure is 30 * dx = 30 * (2/60) = 1, which satisfies the constraint. So, this is a possible structure.

But if the 30 points are spread uniformly, then for any shift k, the overlap would be the number of points in the intersection of the active regions and the shifted region. However, with a uniform spread, the overlap might be minimized.

Wait, for example, if the active regions are every other point, then shifting by 1 dx would cause some overlaps, but perhaps the maximum overlap is lower. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, if the function is 1 on every other segment, then the overlap when shifted by a certain amount would be 1/2 of the maximum. But this is very hand-wavy.

But perhaps generating such a structured initial guess would be better than random ones. For example, for n_points=60, setting h[i] to 1 if i is even, and 0 otherwise. This would give a total sum of 30, dx=2/60=1/30. So, the integral is 30 * (1/30) = 1. But the overlap integral might be high, as shifting by dx would cause the overlap to be 1 * (1 - 1) = 0. But shifting by other amounts might have higher overlaps.

Wait, no. For example, if the function is 1 on every other segment, and you shift it by half a segment (dx/2), then each 1 segment overlaps with the next 1 segment. But since the segments are non-overlapping and alternately active, the overlap would be half the length of the segments. So, the overlap integral would be half of the segment length times 1 (since the shifted function would be 1 on those segments too).

But this is getting too complex. Maybe this approach isn't helpful.

Another idea: the previous code uses a range of frequencies and duties for generating initial guesses. Perhaps adding more diversity to these guesses would help. For example, generating more different waveforms with varying parameters.

Alternatively, focus on using structured initial guesses that are symmetric or have certain properties.

Another possible improvement is to use a better optimization method. For example, the current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe combining them in a way that allows for more effective exploration of the solution space.

Alternatively, using a global optimization method that's more efficient. For example, using the Covariance Matrix Adaptation Evolution Strategy (CMA-ES), which might be more effective in finding good solutions in high-dimensional spaces.

However, implementing CMA-ES might require more code and could be time-consuming. But given the constraints, perhaps it's worth trying.

Alternatively, since the user's current code uses differential evolution with a popsize of 60, maybe increasing the population size or adjusting other parameters could improve the results.

But considering the time budget, it's important to keep the code efficient.

Another angle: the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap. The overlap integrals for different k can be very sensitive to the structure of h. So, perhaps the function should be designed such that all possible overlaps are balanced.

To achieve this, maybe the function h should have a certain level of regularity. For example, a function that is periodic with a specific period. But how to implement this?

Alternatively, think about the function as a sum of multiple step functions with certain offsets and lengths that are chosen to minimize the maximum overlap.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to code this.

Another idea: since the user is allowing us to generate code that uses the initial_h_values, which is given, perhaps the best way is to start with that initial guess and refine it with more effective optimization steps.

So, in the previous code, the initial guess is initial_h_values. To improve, maybe we can apply more local optimization steps, or use different methods to refine it.

The previous code uses a series of optimization steps: generating various initial guesses, then refining them with SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe adding more refinement steps, or using a different initial guess structure.

Alternatively, try using a different method for the initial guess. For example, instead of random guesses, generate a initial guess based on the current best solution, gradually improving it.

But how to code this?

In the previous code, the code generates a list of guesses, each based on different waveforms, and then optimizes them. Perhaps adding more structured guesses or varying the parameters more widely could help.

Another idea: instead of using a single initial guess, use a set of guesses that are more diverse, including those with different numbers of active intervals, varying frequencies, and different duty cycles.

But how to generate these guesses algorithmically?

For example, generating guesses that are a mixture of different waveforms, each with varying parameters.

Alternatively, using random guesses that are morphed from the initial_h_values in a certain way.

But given the time, perhaps focusing on optimizing the existing initial guess with more refined steps would be better.

So, modifying the code to use the initial_h_values as the first guess, and then refining it with more aggressive optimization steps.

Alternatively, using a combination of differential evolution for global search and SLSQP for local refinement.

Another thought: the previous code uses a relatively low number of iterations for the optimization methods. For example, in the SLSQP method, it uses maxiter=150. Perhaps increasing this could lead to better results, but it might take more time.

But within the 100-second budget, it depends on how much time each iteration takes.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method, like using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm for some steps.

But in the absence of knowing the exact performance, it's hard to say.

Another approach: since the overlap integral is a max over all k, perhaps we can focus on the k that are most critical for the maximum, and optimize the function to minimize those.

For example, for the current h, compute the k that gives the maximum overlap, and then optimize the function to reduce that particular k. However, this is a single-loop approach and might not find the global minimum.

But this could be a way to guide the optimization towards reducing specific overlaps.

In summary, to improve the previous code, I can consider the following steps:

1. Use a better initial guess, perhaps based on the initial_h_values but with more structured variations.

2. Use more effective optimization methods and parameters.

3. Try different numbers of points (n_points) to see if a different resolution leads to better results.

4. Explore different initial guesses, such as structured waveforms with specific frequencies and duties.

5. Increase the diversity of initial guesses to avoid local optima.

6. Refine the optimization process with more iterations or different optimization techniques.

Now, how to translate these into code?

Let's think about the code structure. The previous code uses a function called run, which generates initial guesses based on waveforms and random functions, then refines them with SLSQP and differential evolution.

In the new code, perhaps we can:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

- Generate more structured initial guesses, perhaps a combination of different waveforms.

- Increase the number of initial guesses to cover more diverse possibilities.

- Use a combination of optimization methods, with more iterations.

Additionally, we can try to use a different optimization method for the final refinement steps.

Another thing to note is that the current code uses the initial_guess in the guesses list. If the initial_h_values is already a good starting point, perhaps we can focus on optimizing it further.

Given the time constraints, let's proceed with the following plan:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the first guess and refine it.

2. Generate additional guesses based on different waveforms and parameters.

3. Use a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP for optimization, with more iterations.

4. Keep the number of points (n_points) as the same as initial_h_values, which is 45, to maintain speed.

Thus, the code would have a similar structure to the previous one but with improved initial guesses and optimization steps.

So, the code would start by loading the initial_h_values, then generate additional guesses, and then refine them.

Now, to generate better initial guesses, perhaps create more varied waveforms. For example, using different frequencies and duty cycles, and also including other patterns like square waves or pulse trains.

In the previous code, the guesses include pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves. We can add more waveform types or adjust the parameters.

Also, perhaps include a guess that is the initial_h_values itself, as a good starting point.

Additionally, since the initial_h_values might already be a good guess, perhaps we should focus more on refining it with the optimization methods.

Thus, the code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as one of the initial guesses.

- Generate more guesses using structured waveforms with different parameters.

- Perform optimization steps with more iterations.

Now, let's think about how to implement this in code.

The code would start with defining the initial_h_values, then generate several guesses based on various waveform functions. Then, for each guess, perform optimization with SLSQP and Differential Evolution.

But since the user's previous code already does this, perhaps the main improvement is to generate better guesses.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial setup. For example, using a function that is a combination of multiple overlapping pulses with certain spacing.

But to do this without knowing the exact parameters, it's difficult.

Another idea: use a function that is a step function with a certain number of active intervals. For example, creating a function that is active in 3 intervals, each of length l, with spacing between them.

But how to generate this in code?

Alternatively, generate a function that is 1 in a certain number of intervals, arranged so that shifts do not overlap.

But again, without knowing the exact parameters, this is tricky.

In conclusion, the key is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization process. Thus, modifying the previous code to generate more diverse and potentially better initial guesses, and optimizing them more effectively.

The final code would follow similar steps but with improved guesses and optimization.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.3, 0.4, 0.6, 0.7]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.3, 0.4, 0.6, 0.7]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=40,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-10)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```