<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code tried using SLSQP and differential evolution but didn't get below 0.38085. My goal is to find a better solution with lower C₅. 

First, I should understand what the problem is about. The task is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is essentially finding a function h(x) that, when shifted by k, has minimal overlap with itself. The integral over the overlap is maximized for some k, and we need to minimize this maximum value.

The previous approach used various initial guesses and optimization methods. Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses aren't diverse enough or the optimization parameters are not well-tuned. Let me think about alternative strategies.

Hmm, maybe using a different optimization method. The initial code used SLSQP and differential evolution. Perhaps using a genetic algorithm would be better? Or maybe a Bayesian optimization approach? But within the time budget of 100 seconds, especially with only one CPU, some methods might be too slow.

Alternatively, maybe using a more structured approach. The Erdős problem relates to the minimum maximum overlap, and there's some known constructions. Like, maybe using a function with periodic structure, such as a pulse train with specific spacing. The previous code tried pulses and sawtooth waves, but maybe there's a better pattern.

Wait, the current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085. The target is 0.380876, which is just slightly higher. So we need to find a construction that gets below that. The previous code achieved 0.381142. Maybe the key is to find a more optimal pattern than the initial one.

Another idea: since the integral is over [0,2], maybe splitting the interval into parts where h(x) is 1 or 0. For example, a function that alternates between high and low values in a way that minimizes the overlap when shifted. But how to model that?

Let me think of possible structures. For example, a function that has multiple segments where it's 1, and the rest 0. The challenge is to arrange them so that when you shift by some k, the overlap between the 1s and the shifted 1s is minimized.

Alternatively, maybe a function with certain periodicity. Like, if we can find a frequency where the shifts k that cause maximum overlap are minimized.

Another approach: since the integral is over the entire range, maybe using a function with a specific shape that's designed to have minimal overlaps. For instance, a triangular wave or a more complex waveform that's optimized for this.

But how to translate that into code? Maybe using a more sophisticated initial guess, such as a combination of different waveforms, or using a Fourier series approach, but that might be too complex for the given time.

The previous code tried using pulses, sawtooth, and triangle functions. Maybe combining these in a more structured way. For example, using a function made of multiple pulses with varying widths and positions.

Wait, the initial_h_values has 45 points. The code uses differential evolution with a population size of 150. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but within the time budget, that might not be feasible.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization algorithm. For example, using a gradient-based method with better initial conditions. Or perhaps using a hybrid approach where we first use a global optimizer to find a good starting point and then local optimization.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe the problem is that the SLSQP is too slow or not finding the right direction. Maybe switching to a different method like COBYLA, which handles bounds better, or using a different constraint handling.

Another thought: the cost function is the maximum of the convolution. Since the convolution is calculated as np.correlate, which is pretty straightforward. But perhaps there's a way to approximate the maximum value without computing all possible shifts, but that's probably not helpful.

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to model the problem. For example, converting it into a problem of minimizing the maximum of multiple integrals, each corresponding to a shift k. This could be approached as a min-max problem.

But how to handle that in optimization? Maybe by using a penalty function that penalizes high values. However, the previous code already uses that by maximizing the convolution, which is the same as considering the max over k of the integral.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum of the integrals over different shifts. So the function to minimize is the maximum of the integrals for all possible shifts k. So the previous code uses the correlation to compute all shifts and takes the max.

Another thought: the integral over the overlap is related to the inner product between h(x) and h(x + k). So, the problem is to choose h(x) such that this inner product is as small as possible for the worst-case shift k.

This resembles a problem in signal processing where you want to design a signal with minimal cross-correlation with itself. There are known methods for this, like using a Barker sequence for low cross-correlation, but that's for binary sequences. However, the function here is continuous and has a longer length.

Wait, maybe using a similar approach as Barker sequences but in continuous form. However, I'm not sure about the exact methods.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function with Fourier transform that has minimal magnitude in certain frequency ranges. Since the cross-correlation is related to the Fourier transform of h(x) convolved with the Fourier transform of 1 - h(x). But this might be too abstract for coding.

Let me think about the initial code. It starts with initial_h_values. The initial code then uses SLSQP and DE with various guesses. Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough, leading the optimizer to get stuck. Maybe generating more varied initial guesses could help.

But generating more guesses could take time. Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a Bayesian optimization with a surrogate model. However, implementing that might be complex and time-consuming.

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of constraints. The integral of h(x) is 1. The overlap integral for shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. Let me think about the maximum of this over k. To minimize the maximum, we need to arrange h(x) such that for any shift, the overlap is small.

Another approach: considering that when k is such that the shift wraps around the interval, the integral could be calculated using the periodicity. But how?

Perhaps considering different shift values. For example, the shift k is in the range [0, 2], but the integral is over dx. So when k is larger than the interval, the overlap is minimal. But since the function is over [0, 2], the actual shifts can be considered modulo 2. However, the maximum overlap might occur for certain specific k's.

But how to model that in the code?

Maybe the key is to structure the function h(x) to have certain periodicity or symmetry that reduces the maximum overlap. For instance, if h(x) is composed of segments that are spaced in such a way that shifting by certain amounts that are multiples of a base period would lead to minimal overlaps.

For example, if the function has a period of d, then shifts that are multiples of d may have certain properties. But how to find such a period?

Alternatively, let's think about the function h as a set of intervals where it is 1 or 0. If we can arrange these intervals in a way that when shifted, they don't overlap. However, since the integral must be 1, the total measure of the intervals where h is 1 must be 1, so it's not possible to avoid all overlaps. The challenge is to minimize the maximum overlap.

Perhaps a function with multiple segments, each of which is 1 for a certain length and 0 otherwise, arranged such that the total length is 1, and the shifts that would align segments are minimized.

For example, if I have n segments, each of length l_i, such that the sum of l_i is 1. The overlap when shifting by k would depend on how these segments align. To minimize the maximum overlap, the segments should be arranged so that when shifted, they don't overlap much.

But how to design such a function algorithmically?

Alternatively, think of this as an optimization problem where the function h is a step function with certain parameters. For example, if we use a function with m segments of variable length, then the parameters can be the positions and lengths of these segments. Then, the problem becomes optimizing these parameters to minimize the maximum overlap.

However, this approach would require a lot of variables and might be computationally intensive, but maybe with a small number of segments, it's manageable.

But in the problem, the function is represented by n_points samples. So, the previous code uses a sampled function. So perhaps a better approach is to generate initial guesses with more structure, like multiple pulses or a combination of pulses and other waveforms.

Another idea: use a function that is a combination of a few pulses with varying widths and positions. For example, three or four pulses that are spaced in such a way that shifting them leads to minimal overlap. However, this requires carefully tuning the positions and widths.

Alternatively, consider that the problem is similar to placing intervals on the [0,2] interval such that the total length is 1, and the overlap after any shift is minimized. This is similar to a scheduling problem where you want to minimize the maximum overlap when shifts occur.

But I'm not sure how to model this as an optimization problem.

Let me think about the previous code again. The code starts with initial_h_values and then uses various guesses, including random, pulses, sawtooth, etc. The optimization uses SLSQP and DE. Maybe the key is to improve the initial guesses.

For example, the initial_h_values could be a better starting point. If I can generate a better initial guess, the optimization might converge faster to a better solution.

But the initial_h_values is given and cannot be modified. So, the code starts with that.

Another idea: the previous code uses the same n_points (45) for all, but maybe using a different number of points could yield better results. However, the problem states to prefer smaller sequences (less than 1k), so using a different n_points might be better. However, the previous code uses 45. Maybe using a higher n_points could allow for finer control over the function, but it might take longer. However, the time budget is 100 seconds. For example, if the current code uses 45 points, and runs in a few seconds, perhaps increasing n_points to, say, 60 would allow for more precise optimization, but the code may need to be adjusted to handle that.

But the user's note says that the previous code is for n=45. Maybe trying different n_points could help. However, the code must use the initial_h_values, which is for n=45. So perhaps the code should use 45 points as before.

Another thought: the previous code uses differential evolution with a population of 150 and maxiter=70, which might not be enough. Maybe increasing the maxiter or the population size could help, but within the time limit. Let me calculate: with population of 150, each iteration would take some time. With 70 iterations, that's 70*150 = 10500 evaluations, which might be feasible.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method for local optimization, but as a local method, it might not find the global minimum. However, if starting from a good initial guess, it could help.

Another idea: using a combination of global and local optimization. For example, using differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then using SLSQP to refine it.

Wait, the previous code already does that. It uses differential evolution for some guesses and then SLSQP for refinement. Maybe the code can be adjusted to use more aggressive parameters.

Alternatively, consider that the current code uses a lot of initial guesses, which might not be very effective. For example, generating 15 + some combinations, but perhaps generating more varied guesses could help. However, generating more guesses would take more time, which could be within the budget.

Alternatively, perhaps the code can be optimized by reducing the number of guesses and focusing on more promising ones.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of shifts for the correlation, but perhaps the maximum overlap occurs at specific shifts. For example, when k is 0.5, or some other value. If we can focus the optimization on those specific shifts, maybe that could lead to better results. However, this would require modifying the cost function to penalize those specific shifts, but that might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, maybe the code can be adjusted to compute the integral for a subset of shifts instead of all possible shifts, but that could complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, maybe the code should use a more precise way to approximate the correlation. However, the current code uses np.correlate, which is accurate.

Another idea: using a penalty function that directly targets the maximum value. For example, when minimizing the maximum overlap, the cost function is the maximum over all shifts. The previous code uses that, but maybe the optimization algorithm can be adjusted to handle this better.

In terms of algorithm choice, SLSQP is a local optimizer. If the initial guess is poor, it may not find the global minimum. Differential evolution is a global optimizer but can be slow. Maybe combining both is better.

But the previous code already does that. Perhaps the code can be modified to use a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, starting with differential evolution for a few iterations, then switching to SLSQP.

Another possible adjustment: using a different initial guess, such as a more structured function. For example, the previous code generates pulses, sawtooth, etc. Maybe generating a function that is a combination of multiple pulses with specific spacing would be better.

Alternatively, trying to find a function with minimal correlations by using a certain mathematical structure. For example, a two-level function where h(x) is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, with the intervals arranged to minimize overlaps when shifted.

But how to model this? Let's say we have m intervals of length l_i each, sum(l_i) = 1. Then, for each possible shift k, the overlap would be the sum over intervals that overlap with their shifted positions. However, this is a combinatorial problem.

But in code, with a small number of intervals, this could be manageable. For example, with 3 intervals, the code could model their positions and lengths as variables and optimize them to minimize the maximum overlap. However, this would require a lot of variables, and the optimization might not be feasible with the given time.

Alternatively, using a function that has a specific shape, like a triangular wave with certain parameters. The previous code tried that, but maybe adjusting the parameters would help.

Another idea: perhaps the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem. However, the objective is non-convex, so that might not be possible. But maybe using some convex relaxation.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with a custom cost function that approximates the maximum. However, the maximum is non-smooth and hard to differentiate, which might make gradient methods less effective.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses the same bounds for all points, but maybe the function h could have more structure, leading to better bounds on individual points. For example, some points might be constrained to be 0 or 1, but the code allows anything between 0 and 1.

But the problem allows h(x) to be in [0,1], so this is already considered.

Alternatively, using a different way to compute the correlation. For example, instead of computing all possible shifts, compute the maximum over shifts in a certain way. But the current code is already correct in that respect.

In summary, the previous code uses multiple initial guesses and optimization methods. To improve it, perhaps:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses.
2. Use more efficient optimization parameters.
3. Adjust the cost function to prioritize certain shifts.
4. Improve the initial guesses to be more effective.
5. Use a different optimization algorithm for some steps.

Let me think about generating more diverse initial guesses. The previous code generates pulses, sawtooth, triangle functions, and random. Maybe adding more types of functions, like rectangular pulses with different widths, or even functions that are the result of solving a specific optimization problem.

Alternatively, using the existing initial_h_values as a base and modifying it. For example, if the initial_h_values has a certain structure, maybe perturbing it slightly and optimizing from there.

Another approach: using a genetic algorithm that evolves the h_values. However, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is similar in nature to genetic algorithms. But maybe using a different mutation and crossover strategy.

Alternatively, increasing the number of generations in differential evolution. For example, using more iterations, but within the time budget. Let me think about how the previous code uses differential evolution. The code runs it for 4 iterations, each with 70 maxiter. Maybe increasing the number of iterations per DE run could help.

Wait, in the previous code, the DE is called with maxiter=70. The total time for DE is 4 iterations. Maybe increasing the maxiter would allow better convergence, but within the time budget.

Another idea: the previous code uses the same bounds for all points. Maybe the function h could be structured in such a way that certain segments are set to 1 or 0, which could reduce the number of parameters and lead to a better solution. For example, using a piecewise constant function with specific intervals.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is over [0,2], perhaps the optimal function has a certain periodicity. For example, a function that repeats every 1 unit, with certain properties. But again, how to model this.

Another thought: the problem is similar to the binary constant weight code design, where we want to minimize the maximum correlation. In that case, sequences with specific properties (like Barker codes) are used. However, this is for discrete sequences and different objectives.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a continuous version. The goal is to design a function h(x) that is 1 on a set of measure 1, and when shifted, the overlap with itself is minimized. This might be related to the concept of a "good" function in harmonic analysis, but I'm not aware of specifics.

In terms of code, perhaps the previous approach can be modified by adjusting the initial guesses and the hyperparameters of the optimization methods. For example, changing the number of pulses in the generated guesses, or adjusting the duty cycle.

Alternatively, the previous code generates pulses with different frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe trying a different approach, such as using a function with varying widths, like a series of pulses with different amplitudes or spacings.

Another idea: using a binary function (0 or 1) with certain intervals. For example, if we can find a sequence of intervals where the sum of their lengths is 1, and the overlaps when shifted are minimal. This is a more structured approach.

But generating such a function would require defining the positions and lengths of the intervals, which can be a lot of variables. However, with the code's current approach, it's handling continuous h(x), so this might not be necessary.

But perhaps the optimal solution is a step function with certain intervals. Maybe the previous code is constrained to continuous functions, but the optimal solution could be a step function.

Another approach: since the problem is to find a function h with integral 1, perhaps the optimal function is a waveform that has minimal correlation with its own shifted versions. For example, a triangular wave with certain parameters.

The previous code tried generating triangle waves with duty cycle. Maybe adjusting the duty cycle or frequency could help. For instance, a triangle wave with duty cycle 0.5 could have different overlap properties.

Alternatively, combining multiple waveforms. For example, a combination of a triangle wave and a sawtooth wave.

But how to code this efficiently?

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the correlation for all possible shifts. However, for a function over [0,2], the maximum possible shift that leads to overlap is 2. So, the correlation might have more shifts, but the maximum might be achieved for certain specific k's.

But how to focus the optimization on these specific shifts. Maybe modifying the cost function to weigh certain shifts more, but this would complicate the optimization.

In conclusion, to improve the previous code, I need to:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, possibly including more structured functions.
2. Use more efficient optimization parameters or methods.
3. Explore different structures for the function h(x).
4. Consider changing the number of points, if allowed.

However, the code must use the initial_h_values provided, and the previous code uses 45 points. So, the code should stick with that.

Another idea: the previous code uses the same n_points (45) for all operations. Perhaps using a different n_points could allow for better optimization. For example, using 60 points might give more flexibility. But the initial_h_values is for 45 points. However, the problem allows other starting points, as the user said that the initial_h_values is available and can be used directly.

But modifying the code to use a different n_points would require generating a different initial guess. However, the user says that the initial_h_values is provided, so it's for n_points=45.

Thus, the code should use 45 points. Let me think of adjusting the optimization parameters in the previous code.

Perhaps increasing the number of iterations in the DE and SLSQP steps. For example, increasing the maxiter in DE from 70 to 100, or increasing the number of generations. But this would take more time.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm with more population size.

Alternatively, combining the previous methods with a more efficient implementation. For example, using a lower tolerance in the optimization to speed up convergence.

Another possible change: in the previous code, the DE is run for 4 iterations, and then refinement steps. Maybe increasing the number of DE iterations or the number of refinement steps.

But with the time budget of 100 seconds, the code needs to be efficient. Perhaps using a lower number of guesses, and focusing more on certain types of initial guesses.

In terms of code structure, the previous code uses multiple functions to generate guesses, which is good for diversity. Maybe adding more varied functions, like a custom wave type.

Alternatively, the previous code uses different frequency and duty cycles, but maybe there's a better way to generate these.

Another idea: using a function that is a combination of the initial_h_values and a small perturbation, then optimizing from there. This can help avoid getting stuck in local minima.

But this is essentially what the previous code does with the guesses.

Overall, the key improvements could be:

- Improving the initial guesses by adding more types of structured functions.
- Adjusting the hyperparameters of the optimization methods for better convergence.
- Using more efficient optimization steps, like reducing the number of guesses or focusing on promising ones.

Let me think of how to implement these changes in code.

First, in the generate guesses part, adding more types of functions. For example, generating a function with specific patterns, like a binary function (0 and 1) with certain intervals. But generating such a function would require defining the positions and lengths of the intervals. However, the code can't hardcode these as the initial_h_values is fixed.

Alternatively, generate a function that is a binary step function, where the positions of the steps are optimized. However, this is a different approach and would require code to generate such a function.

But given time constraints, perhaps the previous code is the best approach. Let me think about adjusting the code to use more varied initial guesses.

The previous code generates pulses with frequencies from 3 to 12, sawtooth and triangle waves with certain duties. Maybe adding a new type, like a square wave or a more complex waveform.

Alternatively, generating random functions with certain properties, like ensuring that the sum is correct.

Another idea: the previous code uses a 'gen_random' function that generates a random array and scales it. Maybe this can be improved by generating functions that have certain structures, like being sparse or having certain patterns.

Alternatively, using a different random generation approach that prevents certain overlaps.

But this might not be effective.

Another possible change: the previous code runs the DE multiple times, each with a different guess. Maybe increasing the number of DE runs, but limiting the time.

Alternatively, using a better initial guess by using the initial_h_values as a base and perturbing it.

But the initial_h_values is already used as the first guess.

Another thought: the cost function is the maximum of the correlation. Maybe the code can compute the maximum correlation quickly and focus on minimizing that, but this is what the code already does.

Putting all this together, perhaps the code can be modified to generate more diverse initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters, and use more refinement steps.

For example:

- Add more guesses by generating different waveforms.
- Increase the number of DE iterations.
- Adjust the SLSQP parameters to allow more iterations.
- Reduce the number of guesses to focus on more promising ones.

But how to implement this in code?

Another idea: the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the maxiter in the SLSQP optimization.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, like COBYLA, which is more robust to bounds.

Let me think about modifying the code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP for refinement steps. However, COBYLA may not be as efficient.

In summary, here's the plan for the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.
2. Generate more diverse initial guesses, including different waveform types and random ones.
3. Use differential evolution with a higher number of iterations.
4. Refine with SLSQP but with better parameters.
5. Use a combination of local and global optimization steps.

Now, implementing this in code.

The previous code has a function gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, and gen_random. Maybe adding a new function for square waves or other patterns.

But given time constraints, let's focus on modifying the previous code.

In the code, the guesses are generated with frequencies up to 12. Perhaps increasing the frequency range or adding more patterns. Also, generating more guesses.

But for the code to be efficient, the number of guesses should be kept low.

Another idea: the previous code uses 15 random guesses. Perhaps reducing that to 10 and adding more structured guesses.

Alternatively, in the code, the previous guesses are generated with a range of frequencies and duties. Let me think about the gen_pulses function: it generates pulses with frequency, duty cycle, and then clamped between 0 and 1.

Maybe adjusting the frequency range or duty cycles.

But the previous code already uses various frequencies and duties. Maybe trying more extremes, like higher duty cycles or lower.

Another idea: instead of using pulses, generate a function with multiple overlapping segments, or a function that is a combination of two pulses.

But this may require more complex code.

Alternatively, in the previous code, the initial_h_values may have a certain structure that is better than random.

But the previous code's result is 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. The user wants to achieve a lower bound. So improving even a small amount is needed.

Perhaps the code can be modified to use more efficient optimization steps. For example, in the refinement steps, use more iterations or better parameters.

Another approach: in the code, during the refinement steps, use SLSQP with higher maxiter and lower ftol.

In the current code, during refinement, the code uses:

options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10}.

Perhaps increasing maxiter to 500 or reducing ftol to 1e-12.

Alternatively, using a different method like L-BFGS-B.

But without knowing the exact behavior, it's hard to say.

In conclusion, the code can be adjusted to:

- Generate more varied initial guesses.
- Increase the number of DE iterations and refinement steps.
- Adjust optimization parameters for better convergence.

Now, translating this into code modifications.

The code currently has:

guesses = [h.copy()]
for freq in range(3, 12):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.25, 0.33, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
for _ in range(15):
    guesses.append(gen_random())

Perhaps expanding the frequency range, adding more duties, or other waveforms.

Also, in the DE loop, the current code runs for 4 iterations. Perhaps increasing that number.

But the code has:

for _ in range(4):
    if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
        break
    h_opt = de_guess()
    h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
    c = obj(h_opt)
    if c < best_c5:
        best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

Maybe increasing the number of iterations to 6 or 8.

Also, in the refinement steps, increasing the number of iterations.

Another possible code change: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations for DE and SLSQP. Adjusting these to allow more thorough search.

Another idea: using the initial_h_values as the first guess and then adding other guesses generated with different patterns. For example, generating a function that is a sawtooth wave with varying duty cycles, or a triangular wave with different settings.

In the previous code, the gen_saw and gen_triangle are used with freq=3. Maybe varying the frequency.

Perhaps adjusting the code to use different frequencies for these functions.

Another possible code change: using the initial_h_values as the first guess, and then generating a few more guesses with different structures, such as a single pulse or a specific waveform.

But without knowing the specifics, it's hard to say. However, given the time, I'll proceed to write the code with adjustments to these points.

Here's the plan for the new code:

- Keep the initial guesses but add more structured guesses.
- Increase the DE iterations.
- Adjust the optimization parameters for SLSQP.
- Reduce the number of random guesses to focus on structured ones.

The final code will be similar to the previous one but with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h.copy()]
    for freq in range(2, 20):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.4))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(4, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(4, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 400, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=120, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-10)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(6):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(8):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```