<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code uses SLSQP optimization with several initial guesses, but the current record is 0.381089, and the target is 0.380876. So I need to find a better approach.

First, I need to understand what's wrong with the previous approach. The initial code uses multiple initial guesses, including perturbations and structured pulses. But maybe it's getting stuck in local optima. Also, the optimization might not be efficient enough, especially with the time budget of 100 seconds. 

Let me think about the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is a step function with integral 1 over [0,2].

The previous code uses scipy's minimize with SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization approach could help avoid local minima. However, global optimization is computationally expensive. Alternatively, maybe using a different parameterization or a more efficient optimization strategy.

Another thing to consider is the discretization. The initial code uses n_points=47, but maybe using a larger n_points could lead to better results? However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. But perhaps there's a sweet spot where increasing n_points slightly improves the bound without making the optimization too slow.

Wait, the user's previous code starts from initial_h_values with n=47. Maybe trying different initializations could help. The previous code uses structured pulses and random initializations. Maybe adding more structured patterns or using a different kind of initialization could lead to better results.

Also, the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. The current code computes the cross-correlation for all shifts and takes the maximum. But perhaps there's a way to focus the optimization on the most critical shifts. For example, if we can identify which shifts k are most problematic, we could prioritize minimizing those.

Another idea: instead of optimizing the entire function at once, maybe use a gradient-based method with a more efficient approach. However, the problem is non-convex, so gradient-based methods might get stuck.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with equality constraints. Maybe adding more constraints or using a different optimization method could help. For example, using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing, but those are harder to implement and might not fit within the time budget.

Alternatively, maybe using a coordinate descent approach, where we iteratively adjust the function to minimize the maximum overlap. But how?

Another thought: the current code evaluates the maximum over all k. However, the maximum could be dominated by a few specific shifts. Perhaps we can approximate the maximum by focusing on those shifts, reducing the problem's complexity.

Wait, the cross-correlation for different k's might have different behaviors. For example, when k is small, the overlap might be higher. So maybe the maximum occurs for certain k values. If we can find those k's and optimize for them, perhaps we can get a better result.

But how to determine which k's are critical? Maybe during the optimization process, we can track which k's contribute the most to the maximum and adjust the function accordingly.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem. However, the maximum of integrals is non-convex, so that's challenging.

Another angle: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using different pulse patterns, or varying the number of pulses, or even using a more sophisticated initialization method.

Wait, the initial code uses generate_structured_initial with varying numbers of pulses. Maybe adding more structured patterns, like using different spacing between pulses, could lead to better results. For example, instead of equally spaced pulses, maybe using a more optimal spacing based on some criteria.

Alternatively, maybe using a binary search approach. For example, trying to find a function h that makes all overlaps below a certain threshold, and iteratively adjusting the threshold. But how to implement that?

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a penalty method where we try to minimize the maximum overlap by adding a penalty term to the objective function. However, this is similar to what the current code does, but maybe with a different formulation.

Wait, the current code's objective is to minimize the maximum overlap. However, the way it's implemented is by taking the maximum of the cross-correlation values. But maybe using a different approach, such as minimizing the maximum over all k, could be more effective. However, the current code already does that.

Hmm. Let's think about the previous code's limitations. It uses multiple initial guesses but might not explore the search space sufficiently. Also, the optimization might be too slow for larger n_points. Maybe using a different optimization method, like COBYLA or another SLSQP variant, could help.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=5000). Maybe reducing the number of iterations but using a more efficient optimization method could help. Or perhaps using a different solver, like IPOPT, if available.

But the user's code uses scipy's optimize, and the available solvers are SLSQP, etc. Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, the initial code uses structured pulses with varying numbers of pulses, but maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses.

Another thought: the initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point, but maybe perturbing it in a smarter way could help. For example, instead of adding random noise, maybe adjusting specific regions of the function based on the current overlap.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initialization method, such as using a greedy algorithm to place pulses in positions that minimize the overlap.

Wait, the problem requires that the integral of h is 1. So, the function is a step function with area 1. For the interval [0,2], the average value is 0.5. So, perhaps the optimal function has a certain symmetry or periodicity.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can model this as a game between h and the shift k. The worst-case shift k is what determines C5. So, perhaps we can find a function h that is "balanced" in such a way that no shift k causes a large overlap.

In the Erdős problem, the constant C5 is related to the minimum maximum overlap for a function with integral 1. The known upper bound is around 0.38, and the goal is to get lower than that.

Looking at the previous code's result of 0.381089, the target is 0.380876. So, even a small improvement is needed.

Maybe the key is to find a better initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point, but perhaps there's a way to improve it. For example, using a more structured initial guess with specific patterns that are known to be good for this problem.

Alternatively, using a different discretization. The previous code uses n_points=47. Maybe trying a different number of points, like 64 or 128, could lead to better results. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. So perhaps trying a slightly larger n_points, say 64, might be feasible within the time budget.

Wait, the user's previous code uses n_points=47. Let me check the initial_h_values. The initial_h_values is a global variable, but since it's not provided here, I have to assume it's some existing construction. Maybe the initial guess is a known good one, but perhaps there's room for improvement.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of initial guesses, perhaps using a more adaptive approach. For example, after running an initial optimization, using the result as a new guess for further optimizations. But this is similar to what the previous code does.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with more initial guesses, but varying the parameters. For example, using different noise levels, different structured patterns, or different random seeds.

Wait, the previous code uses generate_perturbed_initial with different noise levels. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or using different perturbation strategies could help. For example, adding noise in specific regions where the overlap is high.

Another thought: the cross-correlation is computed for all k. However, the maximum overlap might be dominated by a few specific shifts. If we can identify those shifts and focus the optimization on them, perhaps we can get a better result. For example, if we can find the k that gives the maximum overlap for a given h, and then optimize h to minimize that particular k's overlap.

But how to do that? Maybe during the optimization, we can track which k gives the maximum overlap and adjust the function to reduce that particular overlap. However, this would require a more complex optimization setup.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different objective function that focuses on the most critical k's. For example, instead of taking the maximum over all k, we could use a weighted sum where the weights are based on the current maximum overlap. But this is getting into more complex territory.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can use a binary search on the possible C5 value. For example, assume a target value T, and try to find a function h such that all overlaps are below T. If we can find such an h, then T is an upper bound. However, this requires solving an optimization problem for each T, which might be computationally intensive.

But given the time budget, this might not be feasible. However, if we can find a way to approximate this, it could help.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a gradient descent approach with momentum or other techniques. However, the problem is non-convex, so gradient descent might not converge to the global minimum.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with equality constraints. Maybe using a different solver, like IPOPT, which is more robust for nonlinear problems. However, the user's code uses scipy's optimize, and IPOPT is not part of scipy's default solvers. Unless the user has access to it via a different backend, but the initial code doesn't use it.

So, perhaps the main issue is the initial guesses and the optimization method. Let me think about how to improve the initial guesses. The previous code uses structured pulses with varying numbers of pulses. Maybe adding more structured patterns, like using different pulse widths or spacing, could help.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initialization method, such as starting with a function that has certain properties known to be good for minimizing overlaps. For example, functions with high symmetry or periodicity.

Another idea: since the integral is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So, perhaps the optimal function has regions where it is 0 or 1, and transitions between them. Maybe using a piecewise constant function with more segments could lead to better results. However, the current code uses step functions with n_points samples, which is already a piecewise constant function.

Wait, the current code uses a step function represented by n_points samples. So, each sample is a step. Maybe increasing the number of points allows for more precise control over the function's shape, leading to a better bound. However, the user prefers smaller sequences. But maybe trying a slightly larger n_points, like 64, could be worth it.

But how to decide? Let's think about the time budget. If n_points is 64, then each optimization step would involve more variables, but the previous code uses 47 points. Maybe the time per optimization is manageable.

Another thing: the previous code evaluates the cross-correlation for all k. However, the maximum overlap could be dominated by certain shifts. For example, shifts that are multiples of the period of the function. If the function has a certain periodicity, then shifts that align with that period might give higher overlaps. So, perhaps the optimal function should avoid such periodicities.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal function has a certain structure that minimizes the maximum overlap. For example, a function that is "balanced" in such a way that no shift causes a large overlap. This is similar to the concept of a "balanced" function in signal processing.

Another thought: the problem resembles the problem of finding a function with minimal maximum correlation with its shifted versions. This is similar to the concept of a "difference set" in combinatorics. Perhaps there are known constructions for such functions that could be adapted here.

However, I'm not familiar with specific constructions for this exact problem. So, maybe it's better to focus on improving the optimization approach.

Let me consider the previous code's optimization process. It uses SLSQP with equality constraints. The objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. However, the maximum is a non-smooth function, which might make the optimization difficult. Perhaps using a different objective function that approximates the maximum, such as using a penalty for exceeding a certain threshold.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method that can handle non-smooth objectives. However, scipy's SLSQP might not be the best choice here.

Another idea: instead of optimizing the entire function at once, maybe use a greedy approach. For example, iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap. Start with an initial guess, compute the maximum overlap, then find the shift k that gives the maximum overlap, and then adjust the function to reduce that particular overlap. Repeat this process until convergence.

This approach could be more efficient, as it focuses on the most problematic shifts. However, implementing this requires a way to adjust the function to reduce the overlap for a specific k. This might involve solving a sub-problem where we minimize the overlap for that particular k, while maintaining the integral constraint.

But how to do that? For example, for a given k, the overlap is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize this, we could set up an optimization problem where we minimize this integral subject to the integral constraint. However, this would be a different optimization problem for each k, and it's unclear how to combine them.

Alternatively, perhaps using a coordinate descent approach where we adjust the function in regions that contribute most to the maximum overlap. But this is quite vague.

Another angle: the previous code uses multiple initial guesses, but perhaps the number of initial guesses is too low. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses, especially with different structures, could lead to better results. For example, using more structured initial guesses with different pulse counts, or varying the pulse positions.

Wait, the previous code uses generate_structured_initial for pulse counts from 2 to 20. Maybe adding more structured patterns, like using different pulse widths or spacing, could help. For example, instead of equally spaced pulses, using pulses spaced in a way that minimizes overlap.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initialization method, such as starting with a function that has a certain symmetry. For example, a function that is symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], which might help in balancing the overlaps.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal function has certain properties, such as being "flat" in regions where it's 0.5, and having sharp transitions. This would minimize the overlap for any shift, as the overlap would be minimized when the function is as uniform as possible.

But how to translate this into a step function? Maybe having a function that is 0.5 in most regions and has narrow pulses where it's 0 or 1. However, this is just a hypothesis.

In any case, the main challenge is to improve the initial approach. Let me think about possible changes to the code.

First, the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help. For example, adding more structured initial guesses with different patterns, or more random initial guesses.

Second, the optimization method might be too slow. Maybe using a different solver or adjusting the optimization parameters could help. For example, using a more efficient solver like IPOPT if available, or adjusting the tolerance settings.

Third, the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. Perhaps using a different formulation, such as minimizing the maximum overlap by using a penalty function that penalizes large overlaps. However, this would require changing the objective function.

Fourth, the previous code uses a fixed n_points. Maybe trying different n_points values could lead to better results. For example, using n_points=64 or 128, but ensuring that the optimization completes within the time budget.

Fifth, the initial guess might be suboptimal. Perhaps using a better initial guess, such as one derived from known constructions or more sophisticated methods, could lead to better results.

Considering all these possibilities, I think the key improvements would be:

1. Increasing the number and diversity of initial guesses.
2. Using a more efficient optimization method or adjusting parameters.
3. Trying different n_points values.
4. Focusing the optimization on specific shifts that contribute to the maximum overlap.

However, given the time constraints, I need to implement these ideas in code. Let me outline the steps.

First, generate more initial guesses. The previous code uses structured pulses with varying numbers of pulses. Maybe adding more structured patterns, such as using different pulse widths or spacing. Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initialization method.

Second, adjust the optimization parameters. For example, using a tighter tolerance or a different solver. However, scipy's SLSQP might be the only option.

Third, try different n_points. Let's say, try n_points=64. But need to ensure that the code can handle it within the time budget.

Fourth, during the optimization, track the maximum overlap and focus on reducing it. However, this might require modifying the objective function.

Another idea: since the maximum overlap is the maximum over all k, perhaps we can approximate this by evaluating it for a subset of k's. For example, only considering k in a certain range, which could reduce the computation time.

But the current code evaluates all k's. For a function with n_points samples, the cross-correlation has length 2n_points - 1. So, for n_points=47, it's 93 values. Maybe evaluating only a subset of these could speed things up, but it might not capture the true maximum.

Alternatively, maybe the maximum occurs for certain k's, like k=1, 2, etc. So, focusing on those could help. But how to determine which k's to focus on?

Alternatively, during the optimization, after computing the cross-correlation, we can identify the k that gives the maximum overlap and adjust the function to reduce that particular overlap. This would require a different optimization approach, perhaps using a sub-problem for each k.

But this is getting complex. Let me think about implementing the first idea: increasing the number of initial guesses. The previous code uses a few structured and random initial guesses. Maybe adding more structured patterns, like using different pulse counts and positions.

Another thing: the previous code uses generate_structured_initial with pulse counts from 2 to 20. Maybe adding more pulse counts, or varying the pulse positions. For example, using non-uniform spacing between pulses.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated structured initial guess, such as a function that has pulses spaced in a way that minimizes overlap. For example, placing pulses at positions that are as far apart as possible.

But how to generate such a structured initial guess? Maybe using a greedy algorithm to place pulses to minimize the overlap.

However, implementing such a greedy algorithm would require additional code.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess based on the known upper bound. For example, if the current best is 0.381, maybe using a function that is known to achieve that bound as an initial guess.

But since the initial_h_values is provided, perhaps that's already a good starting point.

Another idea: the previous code uses multiple initial guesses, but maybe the optimization is too slow. Perhaps reducing the number of initial guesses and focusing on more diverse ones could help. For example, using a few high-quality initial guesses instead of many.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds, which might be faster for this problem.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP. Maybe switching to L-BFGS-B could be faster. However, L-BFGS-B doesn't handle equality constraints directly, so we would need to incorporate the constraint into the objective function.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where the constraint is incorporated into the objective function with a penalty term. For example, the objective becomes the maximum overlap plus a penalty for violating the integral constraint.

But this might complicate the optimization.

Another thought: the integral constraint is linear, so it's easy to handle with equality constraints. The previous code uses LinearConstraint for that. Maybe using a different solver that is better suited for this type of problem.

In conclusion, the main changes I can make are:

1. Increase the number and diversity of initial guesses.
2. Try different n_points values.
3. Adjust optimization parameters or methods.
4. Focus on specific shifts during optimization.

Given the time constraints, I'll proceed with the following plan:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate more initial guesses, including structured patterns with varying pulse counts and positions.
- Use a larger n_points, say 64, to allow for more precise control.
- Use a different optimization method, like L-BFGS-B with a penalty for the integral constraint.
- Implement a multi-start approach with more initial guesses.

However, since the user's previous code uses n_points=47, maybe trying a slightly larger n_points, like 64, could be feasible. Let's proceed with that.

Now, let's think about the code. The previous code uses initial_h_values, which is a global variable. Assuming that initial_h_values is a numpy array of length 47. So, to change n_points, I need to adjust the code to use a different number of points. However, the user's initial code uses the initial_h_values' length as n_points. So, if I want to use a different n_points, I need to generate a new initial guess with that number of points.

But the user's previous code starts from initial_h_values, which is presumably a good starting point. So, perhaps using a larger n_points could lead to better results. However, the code needs to be adjusted to handle different n_points.

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values is already for n_points=47, and trying to use a larger n_points would require generating a new initial guess. But since the user's code uses the initial_h_values, perhaps it's better to stick with that and try to improve the optimization.

Another idea: the previous code uses multiple initial guesses, but maybe the number is too low. Let's increase the number of initial guesses. For example, adding more structured and random initial guesses.

Also, the previous code uses generate_perturbed_initial with different noise levels. Maybe adding more perturbations or using different noise levels could help.

Putting it all together, the revised code would:

- Use more initial guesses, including structured and random ones.
- Use a larger n_points, say 64.
- Use a different optimization method or adjust parameters.

However, I need to make sure that the code runs within the time budget. Let's proceed to write the code with these changes.

First, increase the number of initial guesses. For example, add more structured initial guesses with different pulse counts and positions. Also, add more random initial guesses.

Second, use a larger n_points. Let's say, 64. But need to adjust the initial_h_values accordingly. However, since the initial_h_values is provided, perhaps the code should use that as the starting point, but for a different n_points. Wait, this might not be possible. So, perhaps the code should generate initial guesses for the desired n_points.

But the user's initial code uses the initial_h_values, which is presumably for n_points=47. So, if we want to change n_points, we need to generate a new initial guess. However, the user's code may not have that. So, perhaps the code should use the initial_h_values as the starting point, and then generate other initial guesses based on that.

Alternatively, the code could generate initial guesses for the same n_points as initial_h_values. So, the previous code uses n_points=47. Let's proceed with that.

Another change: use a different optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with a penalty for the integral constraint. However, this requires modifying the objective function to include the constraint.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with tighter tolerances.

Another idea: during the optimization, track the maximum overlap and focus on reducing it. For example, after each optimization step, check which k gives the maximum overlap and adjust the function to reduce that particular overlap. This could be done by modifying the objective function to focus on that k.

But this is complex. Let's try to implement the first idea: increasing the number of initial guesses and using a different optimization method.

So, the revised code would:

- Generate more initial guesses, including more structured and random ones.
- Use a larger number of initial guesses to explore the search space more thoroughly.
- Use a different optimization method, perhaps with tighter tolerances.

Let me outline the code changes.

First, generate more initial guesses. For example, adding more structured initial guesses with different pulse counts and positions. Also, adding more random initial guesses.

Second, adjust the optimization parameters, such as increasing the maxiter or adjusting the tolerance.

Third, use a different solver, like 'L-BFGS-B', but this requires modifying the objective function to include the constraint.

However, the constraint is an equality constraint, which 'L-BFGS-B' doesn't handle directly. So, perhaps using a penalty method where the constraint is incorporated into the objective function.

For example, the objective function becomes the maximum overlap plus a penalty term for the integral constraint. However, this might not be effective.

Alternatively, use the 'SLSQP' method with tighter tolerances.

In the previous code, the optimization uses 'SLSQP' with maxiter=5000. Maybe reducing the maxiter to 2000 or so could save time, allowing more initial guesses to be evaluated.

Another idea: use a multi-start approach with more initial guesses, but with fewer iterations per guess. For example, using 10 initial guesses with 1000 iterations each, instead of 5 initial guesses with 5000 iterations.

This would allow more exploration of the search space within the time budget.

Putting it all together, the revised code would:

- Generate more initial guesses, including more structured and random ones.
- Use a smaller maxiter per optimization to save time.
- Use a tighter tolerance for the optimization.
- Use the same optimization method but with more initial guesses.

Now, let's write the code accordingly.

The code will:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate more initial guesses, including structured and random ones.
- For each initial guess, perform optimization with SLSQP, but with a reduced maxiter.
- Track the best solution found.

Additionally, the code may try different n_points, but for simplicity, let's stick with the initial n_points=47.

So, the code would look something like this:

Import necessary modules.

Define functions to generate initial guesses, including more structured and random ones.

In the run function, generate more initial guesses, then perform optimization on each, tracking the best result.

Adjust the optimization parameters, such as maxiter and tolerance.

Now, implementing this in code.

The previous code had generate_structured_initial with pulse counts from 2 to 20. Let's increase that range, say from 2 to 30, to generate more structured initial guesses.

Also, add more random initial guesses.

Additionally, generate initial guesses with different pulse positions, not just equally spaced.

But how? For example, using a different spacing for pulses. Maybe using a more optimal spacing based on some criteria, but without knowing the exact criteria, it's hard to implement.

Alternatively, use a different structured pattern, like placing pulses at positions that are spaced in a way to minimize overlap. For example, using a greedy algorithm to place pulses to minimize the maximum overlap.

But implementing such a greedy algorithm would require additional code.

Given time constraints, perhaps it's better to stick with the existing generate_structured_initial function but increase the number of pulse counts.

So, in the code, the generate_structured_initial is called for pulse counts from 2 to 30, instead of 2 to 20.

Also, add more random initial guesses, say 10 instead of 5.

This would increase the number of initial guesses, leading to more exploration.

Another change: reduce the maxiter from 5000 to 2000, to save time.

Also, adjust the tolerance to 1e-10 or tighter.

Now, let's write the code accordingly.

The final code would include these changes, leading to a better exploration of the search space and potentially finding a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import time
from scipy.optimize import minimize, LinearConstraint
from scipy.interpolate import interp1d

def generate_perturbed_initial(h, noise_level=0.05):
    perturbed = h + noise_level * np.random.randn(len(h))
    perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0.0, 1.0)
    return perturbed

def generate_structured_initial(n_points, num_pulses):
    structured = np.zeros(n_points)
    pulse_indices = np.linspace(0, n_points - 1, num_pulses, endpoint=False).astype(int)
    structured[pulse_indices] = 1.0
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    current_sum = np.sum(structured)
    scaling_factor = target_sum / current_sum
    structured *= scaling_factor
    return structured

def generate_random_initial(n_points):
    random_initial = np.random.rand(n_points)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    current_sum = np.sum(random_initial)
    scaling_factor = target_sum / current_sum
    random_initial *= scaling_factor
    random_initial = np.clip(random_initial, 0.0, 1.0)
    return random_initial

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    
    # Generate diverse initial guesses with varied structured patterns
    initial_guesses = [initial_h_values]
    initial_guesses.append(generate_perturbed_initial(initial_h_values, noise_level=0.01))
    initial_guesses.append(generate_perturbed_initial(initial_h_values, noise_level=0.03))
    initial_guesses.append(generate_perturbed_initial(initial_h_values, noise_level=0.05))
    initial_guesses.append(generate_perturbed_initial(initial_h_values, noise_level=0.1))
    
    # Add more structured initial guesses with varying pulse counts
    for num_pulses in range(2, 31):  # Extend pulse count range
        initial_guesses.append(generate_structured_initial(n_points, num_pulses))
    
    # Add more random initial guesses
    for _ in range(10):  # Increase number of random guesses
        initial_guesses.append(generate_random_initial(n_points))
    
    best_h = None
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    start_time = time.time()
    
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Define objective function
        def objective(h):
            corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
            max_corr = np.max(corr)
            dx = 2.0 / n_points
            return max_corr * dx
        
        # Constraints
        A_eq = np.ones(n_points)
        b_eq = n_points / 2
        cons = [LinearConstraint(A_eq, b_eq, b_eq)]
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        
        # Optimization settings
        result = minimize(objective, guess, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds, constraints=cons,
                          tol=1e-10, options={'maxiter': 2000, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'disp': False})
        
        # Check if optimization succeeded
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
        
        # Check time budget
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    # Fallback to initial guess if no improvement found
    if best_h is None:
        best_h = initial_h_values
        best_c5 = evaluate_erdos_solution(best_h)
    
    return (best_h, best_c5, n_points)
```