<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is around 0.38085, and our target is to get even lower, like 0.380876. 

First, I need to understand the problem again. The task is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral with its shifted versions. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum of the convolution of h and 1-h. 

The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization methods. It starts with an initial guess and tries different shapes, like symmetric sine waves, to find a better solution. However, the user wants a different approach or improvement to get a better bound.

Hmm, what's the problem with the previous approach? Maybe it's getting stuck in local minima, or perhaps the optimization methods aren't efficient enough. Also, the code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=45) and doesn't explore different numbers of points. Maybe varying n_points could lead to better solutions.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that has minimal overlap when shifted. This resembles the concept of a "good" function in signal processing, where you want minimal autocorrelation. However, here it's a cross-correlation with 1-h. So maybe techniques from compressed sensing or optimal design could help.

Let me think about the structure of the function h. Since the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], it's like a probability density function. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. Our goal is to minimize the maximum of these values.

An effective approach might be to make h have a structure that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, if h has a periodic structure with certain symmetries, maybe it can lead to lower overlaps. Alternatively, using a non-uniform distribution of 1s and 0s could help.

The previous code tried multiple initial guesses, including symmetric sine waves. Maybe trying different periodic functions with varying frequencies could help. Also, using piecewise constant functions with more sections might allow for a better trade-off between the integral and the overlaps.

Wait, the previous code uses 45 points. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a more precise shape, but that might slow down the optimization. However, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. So maybe using a lower number of points, like 30 or 50, could be better for exploration.

Another idea is to use a greedy approach or a genetic algorithm. But the user mentioned using optimization libraries like scipy.optimize. Maybe using a more efficient optimization method, like Bayesian optimization or random search with some heuristic.

Alternatively, maybe the current approach is too local. To avoid getting stuck in local minima, we can use different starting points and combine them. The previous code tried various initial guesses, but perhaps we can generate more diverse initial guesses or use a different strategy for generating them.

What about using a more sophisticated optimization method? For instance, using a combination of differential evolution for global search followed by local optimization. The previous code does this, but perhaps adjusting parameters like population size, mutation rates, or iterations could lead to better results.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed n_points. Maybe varying n_points during the search could help. For example, starting with a lower n_points (like 30) and then increasing it if needed. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are better for speed, so maybe using a fixed n_points is better for the budget.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess could be improved. The initial_h_values are given, maybe with some structure that's not optimal. If we can find a better initial guess, the optimization might converge faster to a better solution.

Let me think about the structure of h. Since h is a step function, perhaps it can be represented as a series of intervals where h is either 0 or 1. However, the problem allows for any step function (continuous, but in the code, it's sampled as step functions). Wait, the discretization is using n_points samples, so the function h is a step function with n_points-1 intervals. But the code is using a continuous approach with interpolation, but the actual function is piecewise constant.

Another idea: the overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the integral over x where h(x) is 1 and 1-h(x+k) is 0 (but that's when h(x+k)=1), but since we're maximizing over k, the worst case is when the overlap is largest. 

To minimize this maximum, perhaps the function h should be arranged so that when shifted, the regions where h(x) is 1 and h(x+k) is 1 (so 1 - h(x+k) is 0) are minimized, but also the regions where h(x) is 1 and h(x+k) is 0 (so 1 - h(x+k) is 1) are balanced.

Alternatively, the optimal h would be such that the overlap with all shifts is as small as possible. This resembles the problem of finding a function with minimal autocorrelation, but here it's with a shifted version of 1-h.

Wait, the overlap is the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. Let's expand this: it's equal to ∫h(x) dx - ∫h(x)h(x+k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) is 1, this becomes 1 - ∫h(x)h(x+k) dx. So the overlap integral is 1 minus the cross-correlation of h with itself. Therefore, maximizing the overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the cross-correlation of h with itself. 

But our goal is to minimize the maximum of this overlap integral. So, equivalently, we want to minimize the maximum of 1 - cross-correlation(h, h, k). Therefore, the problem reduces to finding a function h with integral 1 that has the maximum cross-correlation (and hence minimum overlap) as small as possible over all shifts k.

This is interesting. So, the problem is equivalent to finding h that minimizes the maximum value of cross-correlation(h, h, k), and since cross-correlation is the integral of h(x)h(x+k) dx. 

Now, cross-correlation is related to the autocorrelation function. If h is a function with certain properties, like orthogonality or minimal autocorrelation, that could help. For example, in the case of binary sequences, minimal autocorrelation is a well-known problem (like in Golay sequences). But this is a continuous function over [0,2], not a binary sequence, so perhaps a different approach is needed.

Maybe the optimal h is a function with high spreading in the frequency domain, such that its autocorrelation is minimized. This could be achieved by using a function with a flat spectrum, but constrained to have integral 1. But how to construct such a function?

Another angle: the cross-correlation of h with itself is related to the Fourier transform. Specifically, the cross-correlation is the inverse Fourier transform of the product of the Fourier transform of h and the conjugate of the Fourier transform of h (for real functions). So, if we can make the Fourier transform of h have certain properties, we could minimize the maximum cross-correlation.

However, this is abstract and difficult to translate into an optimization problem for a step function. So perhaps focusing on the properties of h in the time domain is more practical.

An approach could be to use a function that alternates between high and low values in a way that when shifted, there's minimal overlap. For example, a piecewise constant function that has a certain periodicity. 

Let me think about the initial approach. The previous code tried generating symmetric sine waves, and other patterns. Maybe generating a function that has a specific number of high and low regions could help. For example, using a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged such that shifting them doesn't overlap much.

But how to model this? Maybe using a binary step function with certain intervals. For example, if the function is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart, then their shifts would not overlap as much. 

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on a set of intervals with a certain size and spacing. For example, if we have N intervals of length l, spaced so that their shifts don't overlap. However, the integral of h must be 1, so the sum of the lengths of the intervals multiplied by their respective values (which are 1) must equal 1. 

But since the function is over [0,2], and the integral is 1, the total measure of the regions where h is 1 must be 1. Therefore, if the function is piecewise constant with k intervals, then the sum of the lengths of those intervals is 1. 

This suggests that the problem could be approached by trying to find intervals where h is 1, arranged in a way that shifting them leads to minimal overlap. 

But how to optimize this? It's a combinatorial problem, but with continuous intervals. Maybe using a suitable numerical optimization approach. 

Alternatively, perhaps considering the function as a binary indicator function (0 or 1), but in the previous code, the function can take any value in [0,1]. However, the problem allows for that, so maybe allowing for continuous values can provide better results.

Wait, the code uses a step function represented by samples over [0, 2]. But the function is in [0,1], so it's a continuous function, not necessarily piecewise constant. However, the discretization is only for sampling. The actual function could be any continuous function satisfying the constraints. But for optimization purposes, the code is using a sampled approach with n_points.

So maybe the approach should be to find a function h(x) that is a step function (due to discretization) with values 0 or 1, but perhaps that's not necessary. However, the code uses a continuous function (since the samples can take any values between 0 and 1).

Another thought: the previous code uses differential evolution and SLSQP optimization. Maybe using a different optimization method, like a genetic algorithm, could help explore the search space more effectively. However, the user mentioned using scipy.optimize, so maybe combining different methods with different parameters.

But given the time constraint of 100 seconds, the current code might already be efficient enough, but maybe there's room for improvement.

Let me think about the initial guess. The previous code starts with initial_h_values, which is provided. If that initial guess is not good, the optimization might not find a better solution. However, the user says to use the initial_h_values if available. So we can't change that. 

Wait, the user says that if initial_h_values is available, we should use it directly. So the code starts with that initial guess. Therefore, to improve, we might need to find a better initial guess or a different approach.

Alternative approach: use a more structured initial guess. For example, instead of just generating symmetric sine waves, perhaps using a function that's constructed based on known good properties. 

Another idea: the minimal maximum overlap C5 is related to the problem of finding a function with minimal maximum correlation. For binary functions, the optimal solution is known as the Barker code, but they are for sequences. In this case, the problem is over a continuous interval, so perhaps a similar approach could be adapted. 

Alternatively, considering the problem as a dual optimization problem: trying to minimize the maximum overlap by maximizing the minimum value of the cross-correlation, but I'm not sure.

Let me think about the previous code again. It uses a combination of methods: initial guesses, differential evolution, and SLSQP. Maybe the issue is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, the code generates symmetric sine waves and other sine functions with different frequencies. But maybe other patterns, like a multi-sinusoidal function or a more complex structure, could be better.

Alternatively, trying to use a different structure for the function h. For instance, using a function that is a combination of multiple sine waves with different frequencies, which could lead to a lower maximum overlap. 

Another approach is to use simulated annealing, which can escape local minima. However, integrating simulated annealing into scipy.optimize might be tricky, but perhaps using a different optimization method.

Wait, the code uses differential evolution for global search, which is good for finding the global minimum. However, the parameters like population size, mutation rates, and generations could affect the result. For example, increasing the population size or allowing more iterations might yield better results, but within the time budget.

Another thing to consider: the problem requires minimizing the maximum value of the overlap integral. Therefore, the objective function is not smooth, which could make optimization challenging. Sometimes, using a differentiable approximation of the maximum function could help. However, the code uses the max function directly, which is non-differentiable, so the optimization methods may struggle. 

Perhaps using a smoother approximation of the max function or using a different approach to evaluate the maximum overlap. For example, instead of evaluating all shifts, maybe focusing on the most critical ones. However, that's speculative.

Wait, the overlap integral is calculated as the maximum of the convolution of h with 1-h. The convolution is over the full mode, which includes all shifts. So the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full'. That gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum of that is what we need to minimize.

So, for a function h with n_points samples, the convolution will have a length of 2n_points - 1, and the maximum value among those is the target. 

Now, the previous code uses differential evolution as a global optimization method, then local optimization with SLSQP, and then Powell. Maybe we can adjust the parameters of these methods to get a better result. For example, increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution, or using a better mutation strategy.

Alternatively, try a different combination of methods. Perhaps using Bayesian optimization with a parameter space defined as the samples of h. However, implementing Bayesian optimization might require more setup.

Another idea: since the problem has a fixed integral constraint, perhaps using a Lagrange multiplier approach in the optimization. The code allows for that by using the constraints in SLSQP. 

Wait, the current code uses the sum constraint as a single equality constraint. That's correct. So during optimization, the sum of the h values is fixed to n_points/2 (since dx=2/n_points, and sum(h)*dx=1 implies sum(h) = n_points/2). 

So the code is correctly handling the constraint. 

Another consideration: the initial guesses could be improved. For example, instead of using symmetric sine waves, maybe using a more complex pattern. For example, a function that has multiple peaks arranged to minimize overlap when shifted. 

Alternatively, using a function that has more segments. For instance, dividing the interval [0,2] into multiple regions where h is 0 or 1. However, the number of points is limited, so maybe using a binary function with more intervals (by allowing more samples) could help.

But the previous code uses a fixed n_points. Maybe trying different n_points values is beneficial. For example, trying with n_points=60, which allows for more samples and a better approximation of the function. However, the user prefers smaller sequences for faster optimization. 

Wait, the user says that smaller sequences (less than 1k samples) are preferred for speed. But the current code uses n_points=45. Maybe using a lower n_points, like 30, could allow for a faster exploration, and perhaps finding a good solution. 

Alternatively, the previous code uses n_points=45, which might be optimal for the problem. However, changing n_points could lead to different results. 

But how can the code decide which n_points to use? The user says to prefer smaller sequences if possible. So perhaps using a fixed n_points, like 30, and see if that gives better results.

But without knowing the exact trade-off, it's hard to tell. Maybe the initial approach is already using the best possible n_points.

Another possible improvement: the current code's initial guesses include generate_sine for different frequencies. Maybe adding more frequency variations, or using different shapes like triangular waves, or more complex functions.

Wait, the code uses generate_sine with f=0.5, 0.25, etc. Maybe trying other frequencies or combining them. For example, using a sum of multiple sine waves with different amplitudes and frequencies could create a more complex function that provides better overlap reduction.

Another Idea: the function could be designed to have minimal correlation with its shifted versions. This is similar to the concept of a "good" sequence in signal processing. For example, using a function that is "balanced" in its frequency components. 

But again, how to construct such a function algorithmically?

Perhaps, instead of using sine functions, using a function that has a certain number of transitions between 0 and 1. For example, a function with k transitions, which could be optimized to minimize overlap. 

Alternatively, think about the function as a binary sequence (all 0s and 1s), but since the problem allows for values between 0 and 1, it's not restricted to binary. However, binary functions might be easier to optimize for certain properties. 

But the code already uses a continuous approach. Maybe the optimal function is close to a binary function with certain intervals. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that is a combination of two or three sine waves with different frequencies and phases, which could create a more complex shape with minimal overlap. 

Another approach to generate initial guesses: using random patterns. For example, randomly placing regions where h is 1, ensuring the integral is 1. However, this could be too random and not efficient. 

Alternatively, trying to use a greedy algorithm. For example, placing a certain number of regions where h is 1, then adjusting their positions and sizes to minimize the overlap. But implementing this would require more code.

Considering the time constraints and the need to fit within the code's structure, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code by making changes to the initial guesses, the optimization methods, and perhaps adjusting parameters.

Let me think about the code structure. The existing code starts by using the initial_h_values and tries to optimize using SLSQP, then uses differential evolution with multiple initial guesses. It then runs a few more iterations of optimization with different methods. 

To improve this, maybe the following changes could be made:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses by generating more diverse functions. For example, using different combinations of sine waves or patterns.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods for better convergence.
3. Try different numbers of n_points, maybe starting with a larger n_points to allow for more detailed adjustments.
4. Use a more efficient optimization method, like using a combination of differential evolution and local optimization with adjusted parameters.

However, the user's previous code already uses differential evolution and SLSQP. Let me think about possible tweaks.

For example, in the differential evolution part, using a larger population size and more iterations could help explore the search space better. But in the code, the population size is 50 and maxiter is 30. Maybe increasing maxiter allows more exploration.

Also, in the differential evolution, varying the mutation and recombination parameters might help. 

Another thing: the code runs differential evolution, then uses SLSQP to refine the solution. Maybe combining more methods, like using COBYLA or another method for local optimization.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach with a parameter space defined by the h samples. However, that would require implementing a more complex optimization setup.

Another Idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, which is a non-smooth function, perhaps adding a smoothing term to the objective function to make it differentiable. For example, using a soft max function instead of the actual max, which could help the optimization converge better. However, this would be an approximation and might not give the exact result, but could help in the optimization process.

But the code currently uses the exact max, which is correct. So adding a smoothing term might not be necessary, but might help the optimization.

Alternatively, using a different approach to approximate the max function, such as considering top K values of the convolution for the max.

But that might complicate things.

Another observation: the previous code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess. If that initial guess is not good, then the optimization might not find a better solution. However, the user says to use the initial_h_values directly if available. So we don't have control over that. 

To improve the code, perhaps the initial guesses could be modified. For example, generating more varied initial functions. The current code includes generate_sine with different frequencies, symmetric sine, and a periodic function. Maybe adding other structures, such as multiple sine waves combined, or piecewise constant functions with certain properties.

For example, generating a function that has multiple segments with different heights, not just sine waves. 

Another Idea: The current code uses generate_sine with f values like 0.5, 0.25, etc. Maybe generating a function composed of multiple sine waves with different frequencies and phases, which could produce a more complex shape that might reduce the overlap. 

But implementing that would involve creating a composite function. Perhaps using a sum of sine functions scaled appropriately.

Alternatively, using a function that is a square wave or triangular wave, which could have minimal overlap when shifted. 

But again, the code is already using sine waves. Perhaps adjusting the frequencies or adding more terms could help.

Another Idea: try using a function that is 1 on certain intervals that are spaced out, and 0 elsewhere. For example, if the function is 1 on intervals that are spaced such that their shifted versions don't overlap. However, this is a binary function and the integral is 1. For example, if the function is 1 on a single interval of length 1, then shifting it would overlap with itself, but maybe splitting into multiple intervals could help.

But the problem is that the function is over [0,2], and the integral is 1. So, for example, if the function is 1 on two intervals each of length 0.5, spaced apart. When shifted, the overlap could be minimized.

But how to model this in code? Perhaps generating such functions as initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a binary function with specific intervals and then allowing the optimization to adjust their positions and sizes. But implementing that would require more code.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code by:

- Using more diverse initial guesses.
- Tuning the parameters of the optimization methods.
- Possibly using a different number of n_points.

Let me try to outline the changes I can make in the code:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses by generating more patterns. For example, adding more sine functions with different frequencies or combining them.
2. Adjust the parameters of differential evolution and SLSQP to allow for better exploration.
3. Use a different method for the final refinement, like using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm.
4. Try different n_points values.

But since the code is already using n_points=45, perhaps changing n_points isn't feasible due to the time constraint.

Another thing: in the existing code, the guesses are generated with certain functions, but maybe adding more complex functions could help. For example, generating a function that is a combination of multiple sine functions, or a piecewise function with varying segments.

But how to implement this in code? For example, generating a function with multiple peaks.

Alternatively, using a function that is a square wave with a certain frequency, like generate_sine with f=1.0, but that might not be the best choice.

Alternatively, creating a function that is a combination of two sine waves with different frequencies and phases.

But the code currently uses generate_sine with specific frequencies. Maybe generating a function that is a combination of two sine waves, e.g., 0.5 + 0.5*sin(2πx) + 0.5*sin(4πx), clipped between 0 and 1.

Another Idea: the existing code's generate_sine function uses a single frequency. If we combine multiple frequencies, the function could have more complex behavior, potentially leading to a lower overlap.

However, this would require adjusting the generate_sine function or adding a new function to generate such composite functions.

But given the time, I need to proceed with the code. Perhaps modifying the initial guesses to include more types of functions.

Another thing to consider is the initial_h_values. If the initial guess is already quite good, then the optimization might not improve much. But maybe the initial guess can be modified, but we can't change it. 

So, perhaps the best way to proceed is to modify the existing code by adding more initial guesses and adjusting the optimization parameters.

For example, in the generate_sine function, adding more frequencies. Or generating more diverse shapes, like asymmetric sine waves, or functions with sharper transitions.

Alternatively, generating a function that is a triangular wave.

In the code, there's a line:

guesses += [generate_sine(f) for f in [0.5, 0.25, 0.125, 0.333, 0.666]]

Maybe adding more frequencies or different shapes.

Another Idea: using a function that is 1 on a single wide interval and 0 elsewhere, then adjusting its position. For example, a rectangle function centered at the middle.

But in the code, the initial_h_values might already have such a structure, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, using a function that is a triangle wave, which might lead to better overlap properties.

But again, modifying the code to generate such functions requires more code.

Considering all these possibilities, perhaps the best approach is to incorporate a few more initial guesses into the code, adjust the optimization parameters, and see if that leads to a better result.

For example, adding a initial guess that is a triangular wave, or a piecewise function with more segments.

Another possible improvement is to use the Powell method for the final optimization, which is a derivative-free method, and might be more efficient. The current code uses Powell after differential evolution.

But the previous code already does that.

Another Idea: previous code uses a fixed number of iterations for each optimization method. Maybe increasing the maxiter or ftol parameters could allow better convergence.

Alternatively, using a different method for the initial optimization steps. For example, starting with differential evolution for more iterations.

Another thing: the previous code uses SLSQP with a maxiter of 200 and ftol of 1e-12. Maybe reducing the ftol allows for faster convergence, but with a trade-off in precision.

Alternatively, using a random search with some constraints could help find better solutions, but this would require more code.

Given the time constraints, I think the best way forward is to modify the existing code by:

1. Adding more initial guesses, such as triangular waves or other patterns.
2. Increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution and SLSQP.
3. Adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters in differential evolution.
4. Possibly using a different method for the final refinement.

Let me try to incorporate these changes into the code.

For example, in the generate_sine function, perhaps adding more frequencies. Also, adding a triangular wave function. 

However, the code is already quite long, and adding more initial guesses might take more time. But given that the user says to return a single code block, I need to proceed.

Let me outline the changes:

- Add a generate_triangular function.
- Add more generate_sine frequencies.
- Adjust the differential evolution parameters to allow more iterations.
- Use a different method for the final optimization, like using the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations.

So, here's how the code could be modified:

- Generate more initial guesses, such as a triangular wave.
- Increase maxiter for differential evolution to 50 instead of 30.
- Increase the number of iterations for SLSQP.

But I need to make sure the code stays within the 300-line limit and uses the allowed libraries.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the overlap. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the convolution for all possible shifts. However, for n_points samples, the convolution will have 2n_points-1 elements, and we need to find the maximum among those. 

But the previous code uses the max of the convolution multiplied by dx. That seems correct.

Another idea: since the maximum is determined by the largest overlap, perhaps the code can focus on optimizing for the shifts that contribute most to the maximum. However, this requires knowing beforehand which shifts to optimize, which is not feasible.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model that approximates the maximum overlap based on certain features of the function h, but this would complicate the code.

Given all this, I'll proceed to modify the existing code by adding more initial guesses, adjusting optimization parameters, and using different methods for refinement. 

For example, add a generate_triangular function and some other variations. Also, increase the number of iterations for the differential evolution step.

Let me draft the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_sine(f):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        h = 0.5 + 0.5 * np.sin(2 * np.pi * f * x)
        return np.clip(h, 0, 1)
    
    def generate_triangular():
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        h = np.clip(0.5 + 0.5 * np.abs(2 * x - 2) - 0.5, 0, 1)
        return h
    
    def generate_rectangular():
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        mid = n_points // 2
        h = np.zeros(n_points)
        h[mid - 1:mid + 2] = 1.0
        return np.clip(h, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [np.array(initial_h_values)]
    guesses += [generate_sine(f) for f in [0.5, 0.25, 0.125, 0.333, 0.666, 0.75, 0.166]]
    guesses += [generate_triangular(), generate_rectangular()]
    
    for guess in guesses:
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, guess, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 30:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(objective, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        if res.success:
            res_slsqp = optimize.minimize(objective, res.x, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                         constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                                         options={'maxiter': 60, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
            if res_slsqp.success and objective(res_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(res_slsqp.x)
                best_h = res_slsqp.x
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, best_h, method='Powell', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'xtol': 1e-9, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 20})
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```