<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral by finding a good step function h. The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization, starting from an initial guess. But maybe I can do better by changing the approach.

First, I should understand the problem again. The function h is a step function on [0, 2] with integral 1. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The lower this maximum is, the better. The current best is around 0.38085, and we need to get lower than 0.380876.

The previous code starts with the initial_h_values (which is a 45-point array) and tries various initial guesses, like periodic and binary functions. Then it uses SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. But maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses or optimize.

One idea is to use more structured initial guesses that have specific symmetry properties, which might help in finding a lower C₅. For example, maybe using a piecewise linear function or a function with certain periodicity that's tailored for the overlap integral.

Another approach is to consider that the overlap integral is related to the convolution of h and (1 - h). So minimizing the maximum convolution value could be approached by optimizing h's shape. However, the previous code uses scipy's optimize functions, which might get stuck in local minima. Maybe using a different optimization algorithm, like genetic algorithms with better parameters, or a hybrid approach.

But the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe combining some more sophisticated optimization techniques. Also, maybe reducing the number of function evaluations or using more efficient constraints.

Wait, the current code has a time budget of 100 seconds. So I need to make sure the code runs within that time. The previous code has multiple initial guesses and does several optimization steps. Maybe I can streamline the process.

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values can be modified in some way. For example, if the initial construction has a certain pattern, perhaps adjusting it by splitting or merging intervals, or adding more structure. Also, considering that the overlap integral is the maximum over different shifts, maybe trying to balance the values of h so that for any shift k, the product h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) is low.

Another thought: since the overlap integral is similar to a convolution, perhaps using Fourier analysis techniques. The maximum of the convolution might be related to the Fourier transform of h and (1 - h). However, since we're dealing with a discrete case, this might not be directly applicable, but maybe some insights could be used to design h.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to designing a set of points with minimal overlap under shifts. So h could be a binary function, but given the constraints, maybe a binary function isn't optimal. Maybe a function with intervals where h is 0 or 1, but with some transitions.

Another idea: the previous code uses a few initial guesses and then performs optimization. Maybe instead of starting with the initial_h_values, generating more varied initial guesses could help. For instance, using different periodic functions with varying periods, binary functions with different frequencies, or other structures that might lead to better results.

Also, maybe the previous code could be optimized by reducing the number of initial guesses and focusing on a few promising ones. Or by using a more efficient optimization method like COBYLA, which handles bounds better, or using a different method for the differential evolution.

Another possibility: the problem might have a lower C₅ value if h is constant over certain intervals. For example, if h is constant 0.5 over some regions, but that might not satisfy the integral constraint. Alternatively, having h consist of several intervals where it's 0 or 1, which would be a binary function. However, the integral constraint requires that the sum is n_points / 2, so for n_points even, it's exactly half. Maybe a binary function with 50% of the samples set to 1 and 50% to 0.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a binary function? If so, maybe the code can generate binary guesses with certain patterns. For instance, creating a binary function with equal numbers of 0s and 1s, arranged in a way that the overlap is minimized. However, binary functions might not be optimal, but they could serve as good starting points.

But the previous code uses the initial_h_values, which is not specified, but assuming it's some kind of initial guess. Maybe generating more binary patterns or using a different starting point could help.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral is maximized over different k, perhaps the optimal h should have a certain symmetry or balance between different shifts. For example, making h such that for any shift, the product h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) is as small as possible. This might involve ensuring that h(x) and h(x +k) don't both have high values for any x and k.

Another approach: the problem resembles a covering problem where we want to arrange h so that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much with itself. Maybe using a function that has high values in regions that are spaced apart by a certain distance. For instance, arranging the h(x) to be high in certain intervals that are spaced apart so that overlapping shifts are minimized.

But how to translate that into a function h? Maybe using a piecewise function with intervals spaced in a way that the shifts that would cause overlap are minimized.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is 1 on intervals of length 1/5, spaced in such a way that shifting by certain amounts doesn't overlap. But this is vague.

Perhaps the key is to use more efficient optimization strategies. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe using a combination of global and local search methods would be better. For example, using a genetic algorithm for global search and then SLSQP for local refinement.

Wait, but the code is written with scipy's optimize functions, which might not include a genetic algorithm. However, scipy has differential evolution, which the previous code already uses. Maybe changing the parameters of the differential evolution, like the population size, mutation rate, etc.

Also, the code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. If that's a good initial guess, maybe focusing on refining it further. But the user might want to explore other starting points to avoid local optima.

Another idea: since the previous code's best result is 0.381142, which is slightly higher than the target 0.380876, maybe tweaking the initial guesses could lead to a better result. For example, generating periodic functions with different periods, or functions that have more structured patterns.

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to generate the initial guesses. For example, using a fractional factorial design or some other structured method to create initial points.

Also, considering that the code uses a loop over multiple initial guesses, but maybe some of those guesses are not contributing, and could be removed to save time.

Another thought: perhaps the problem can be transformed into an optimization problem where we minimize the maximum of the overlap integrals, which is non-convex and challenging. So maybe using a surrogate model or Bayesian optimization could help, but that requires more code and might not fit within the time constraints.

Alternatively, maybe the current approach is sufficient but could be optimized. For example, using a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral. The previous code uses np.correlate, which might be slow for large n_points. However, the problem states that n_points should be less than 1k, so 45 is acceptable.

Wait, the code uses the initial_h_values which has 45 points. The user says that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe reducing n_points could help. But the previous code uses 45, which is not too large. However, the problem says that sequences with less than 1k are preferred, so 45 is acceptable.

But maybe trying with n_points=45 is sufficient. So perhaps not changing the n_points.

Another idea: The previous code does several optimization steps. Maybe the initial optimization steps are too time-consuming. For example, the code runs SLSQP for multiple initial guesses, then differential evolution, then Powell. Maybe reducing the number of iterations or using more efficient settings.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which could be more efficient for some problems.

But the code is already using multiple methods. Perhaps there's a better way to combine them.

Wait, also, the code uses a lot of initial guesses. Maybe that's unnecessary. For example, the initial_guesses array includes several generated functions. Maybe focusing on fewer, more promising initial guesses could save time and find better results.

Another thing: the code uses a perturbation of the initial guesses. Maybe the perturb function adds noise, but perhaps a better perturbation strategy could be used, like varying specific parts of the function.

Alternatively, trying to find h that has a specific structure, such as being symmetric or having certain intervals where it's 0 or 1.

I'm not sure which direction to take. Let's think about the code structure. The previous code starts with the initial_h_values, then generates several other initial guesses. Then, it runs optimize.minimize for each of these guesses using SLSQP, and then differential evolution, followed by Powell. It's quite comprehensive.

To improve this, perhaps:

1. Reduce the number of initial guesses, focusing on more promising ones.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods, such as decreasing the maxiter or increasing the tolerance.
3. Use a different initial guess generator that might be more effective.
4. Use more efficient optimization methods, like minimizing the objective with constraints using a better solver.

But the user's code allows the use of any of the available solvers like SLSQP, COBYLA, etc. However, the code in the problem statement uses SLSQP and differential evolution. 

Another thought: The current code uses a fixed set of initial guesses, but perhaps dynamically generating more diverse ones during the optimization process. However, this might take too much time.

Alternatively, using a different way to represent h. For example, using a piecewise constant function with a certain number of intervals, but that would be more complex.

Alternatively, perhaps the code can be modified to use a more efficient way of evaluating the objective function. For example, precomputing the correlations or using vectorized operations.

Wait, the current code computes the overlap integral using np.correlate with mode 'full'. That gives a correlation array where each element corresponds to the overlap for a certain shift k. Then, it takes the maximum of these values and multiplies by dx. But the np.correlate function might be slow for large n_points. However, since n_points is 45, it's manageable.

Another thing: the objective function is the maximum value of the correlation. Since the maximum is required, maybe using a different formulation where the maximum is minimized. However, the problem is that the maximum is a non-smooth function, which makes optimization challenging.

In the previous code, the objective is to minimize the maximum of the correlation. This is a convex optimization problem? No, it's not convex because the maximum of convex functions is convex, but the objective here is the maximum of convex functions, which is not convex. So, the optimization is non-convex, and we need to use global optimization methods, which are computationally expensive.

So, perhaps using a different approach, such as using a genetic algorithm with a more efficient implementation, could be beneficial. However, scipy's differential evolution might be the way to go.

Another idea: maybe the initial_h_values is already a good guess, and the code can focus on further optimizing this. For example, reducing the number of initial guesses and focusing more on refining the initial_h_values.

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values is not the best, and generating a different initial guess could lead to better results. For example, using a binary function with equal numbers of 0s and 1s, arranged in a way that the overlap is minimized.

But how to generate that? For example, if h is 1 for exactly half of the positions, then the overlap integral would be the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. For binary h, this is the number of positions where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0, scaled by dx. But how to arrange this to minimize the maximum over k?

This seems like a problem related to binary codes with certain correlation properties. For example, in coding theory, binary codes with low correlation. Perhaps using a maximum correlation between shifted versions of the binary code. However, such codes are known in some contexts. 

But I'm not sure if this is applicable. However, if I generate a binary h with 50% 1s and 50% 0s, and arrange them such that the number of overlaps is minimized for different shifts, this could be a good starting point. 

But generating such a binary h might be challenging. However, for n_points=45, it's feasible to generate a binary h with a random permutation of 0s and 1s, and then test it. However, the previous code might have already tried such possibilities.

Alternatively, using a different structure for the initial guesses. For example, using a function that is a combination of several periodic functions, or a function that has specific intervals where it is 0 or 1.

Another thought: the problem might be related to the covering problem. For instance, ensuring that no two intervals of h(x) are too close to each other when shifted. But again, how to translate this into a function.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal solution is a step function with a specific number of intervals. For example, having 5 intervals where h is 0 or 1, but how to determine their placement and lengths.

This line of thinking isn't leading me anywhere. Maybe it's best to focus on modifying the existing code. 

The previous code uses multiple initial guesses and optimization steps. Perhaps the problem is that it's too slow, and we can optimize the code by reducing the number of iterations or initial guesses. 

Let me think about the time budget. The previous code runs for 100 seconds, but with the given code, it's possible that it uses a lot of time. Perhaps by reducing the number of initial guesses and using more efficient optimization, we can find a better result.

Moreover, the code uses a perturbation of the initial guesses, which adds noise. Maybe this can be replaced with more structured perturbations, like swapping certain values or adjusting specific intervals.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guesses should be generated in a different way. For example, instead of using generate_periodic and generate_binary, we can generate functions that have certain properties, like being symmetric or having certain spacing.

But without knowing the specific structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to know. The initial_h_values is provided as a runtime variable, but we can't access it. So perhaps the code should generate multiple initial guesses, including variations of the initial_h_values.

Another idea: using a different optimization method. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP for the initial guesses, but what if we use a different method like COBYLA, which is better suited for bound-constrained problems?

Alternatively, using the Nelder-Mead method for the initial optimization steps.

But again, this requires changing the code.

Another thing to consider is that the previous code uses multiple steps of optimization. For example, it first runs SLSQP on several initial guesses, then runs differential evolution, then Powell. Maybe the order and types of these optimizations can be adjusted for better convergence.

In the code, after the initial optimization steps, there are loops that run differential evolution and then Powell. Perhaps the code can be optimized by reducing the number of iterations, or using different parameters.

Another possible improvement is to use more parallel processing, but the problem states that only one CPU is available.

In terms of the code structure, the main loop is generating initial guesses and then doing optimization. The code could be modified to do more efficient exploration of the search space.

Another idea: perhaps the code can use a combination of simulated annealing and other methods for global optimization. However, scipy doesn't have a built-in simulated annealing method, so this might be difficult.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to calculate the overlap integral. The current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient. So that part is okay.

In summary, the code could be improved by:

1. Reducing the number of initial guesses to save time.
2. Using more efficient optimization methods.
3. Focusing on specific initial guess generators that are more promising.
4. Adjusting the optimization parameters to converge faster.

Let me try to think of a different approach. For example, instead of starting from the initial_h_values and a few periodic functions, maybe create a random initial guess with certain properties, like having a certain number of 1s and 0s, or a specific pattern.

Alternatively, using a grid search over certain parameters, but that might not be feasible.

Another thought: the overlap integral for a certain shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. For this to be minimized, we want h and 1 - h shifted by k to overlap as little as possible. So, for each k, the overlap between h and 1 - h shifted by k should be as small as possible.

This is similar to the concept of binary codes with low correlation. In coding theory, there are codes that have certain auto-correlation properties. Perhaps inspired by those, we can design h.

For example, in a binary case, if we can design a sequence of 0s and 1s such that the cross-correlation with its shifted version is low, that would help. This is similar to a binary sequence with low autocorrelation, like a Barker code, but Barker codes have limited lengths and are optimal for certain properties.

But in our case, the problem is not exactly the same. The function h is not necessarily binary, but a step function. However, if we use a binary h, it might be easier to optimize.

So, perhaps generating a binary h with 50% 0s and 50% 1s, and arranging them to minimize the maximum cross-correlation over shifts. For example, arranging the 1s to be as spread out as possible.

In that case, the initial_h_values might be a good candidate for such a binary sequence. But how to generate that?

For n_points=45, arranging the 0s and 1s such that the same value doesn't appear too close to itself. For example, placing the 1s with spacing of a certain value. However, how to do that algorithmically?

Alternatively, using a random binary sequence with equal numbers of 0s and 1s, and then optimizing it to reduce the maximum correlation.

But the previous code may have already done that with the generate_binary function. Let me check the code. The generate_binary function creates a binary sequence based on a frequency f and a depth d. It uses the sine function to create a binary sequence. But this might not be optimal.

So perhaps generating a good binary sequence via a different method and then optimizing it.

In summary, the code can be improved by:

- Using more efficient optimization methods or better initial guesses.
- Focusing on specific initial guess types that might lead to better results.
- Adjusting the parameters of the optimization algorithms to converge faster.

Let me try to rewrite the code with these ideas in mind.

The code should:

- Start with the initial_h_values (or generate a good initial guess).
- Generate more diverse initial guesses, perhaps using binary sequences with optimal spaing.
- Use a combination of optimization methods with adjusted parameters.
- Limit the number of initial guesses to save time.
- Focus on refining the best found solution in the remaining time.

The code may need to be simplified and optimized for speed.

Another possible change is to use the 'SLSQP' method with tighter constraints and more iterations, but that might not be better. Alternatively, using a more efficient algorithm.

In the previous code, the optimization steps are:

- Several initial guesses, each run with SLSQP.
- Then differential evolution on the best initial guesses.
- Then Powell refinement.

Maybe simplifying this process to focus on a few key initial guesses and more efficient optimization.

Let me try to sketch the code with these adjustments. For example:

- Start with the initial_h_values.
- Generate a few other initial guesses, like periodic or binary functions.
- Optimize each with SLSQP and differential evolution.
- Focus on the best found solution, then refine it with Powell.

But to avoid getting stuck in local optima, perhaps using a different initial guess that's a binary sequence with optimal spacing.

Another idea: since the target C₅ is around 0.38, which is close to 0.38085, the previous best is 0.381142. To improve this, maybe trying to find a function that has a lower maximum overlap.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values may have a certain structure. For example, if it's a binary sequence with 22 ones and 23 zeros (since 45 points), the overlap for certain shifts could be high. Perhaps adjusting this sequence to distribute the 1s and 0s more evenly.

But without knowing the exact structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to adapt. However, the code has access to initial_h_values, so it can use that as a starting point.

Putting this all together, here's an outline of the improved code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generate a few additional initial guesses, maybe binary sequences with period 5 or other patterns.
3. Use differential evolution to optimize from these guesses, with tighter parameters.
4. Use SLSQP for local refinement.
5. Focus on the best solution found, and perform a final Powell optimization.

Additionally, reduce the number of initial guesses to save time, and adjust the optimization parameters to be more efficient.

Now, implementing this in code. Let's see. The previous code had multiple steps, but perhaps simplifying the process. Also, replacing some of the initial guesses with binary sequences.

Also, considering that the previous code uses a perturb function, which adds noise. Maybe this is a way to generate variations, but perhaps a more structured perturbation could be better.

Alternatively, for the binary guesses, generate them with a certain spacing.

In any case, the code should be concise, fit into the character limit, and run within the time budget.

Another thing to consider is that the initial_h_values might already be a good solution. Perhaps the previous code's best result is from that, and the improvements come from refining it further.

So, the plan is to start with the initial_h_values and then perform a more efficient optimization, perhaps using differential evolution for global search and then SLSQP for local refinement, and perhaps using a few additional initial guesses to escape local optima.

Now, writing the code accordingly. The code should:

- Use scipy.optimize's differential evolution for global search.
- Use SLSQP for local refinement.
- Possibly use a few additional initial guesses if the initial_h_values isn't sufficient.

Let's try to implement this.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_binary(f, d):
        return np.clip(np.sign(np.sin(2 * np.pi * f * np.arange(n_points))) * d, 0, 1)
    
    def perturb(guess):
        noise = np.random.normal(0, 0.02, size=n_points)
        return np.clip(guess + noise, 0, 1)
    
    initial_guesses = [np.array(initial_h_values)]
    for f, d in [(2, 1), (3, 0.8), (5, 0.9), (7, 0.7)]:
        initial_guesses.append(generate_binary(f, d))
    for g in initial_guesses[:2]:
        initial_guesses.append(perturb(g))
    initial_guesses.append(np.random.rand(n_points))
    
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, guess, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 30:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(objective, bounds, popsize=25, maxiter=25,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.9), recombination=0.75, tol=1e-9)
        if res.success:
            res_slsqp = optimize.minimize(objective, res.x, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                         constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                                         options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
            if res_slsqp.success and objective(res_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(res_slsqp.x)
                best_h = res_slsqp.x
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = optimize.minimize(objective, best_h, method='Powell', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'xtol': 1e-9, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 20}).x
        if objective(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```