<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876, so I need to find a better construction. The previous code used a combination of different initial guesses and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a way to do better.

First, I should think about the problem. We need a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)). The challenge is to design h such that this maximum is as small as possible.

The previous approach tried various periodic, binary, triangular, and sawtooth waveforms as initial guesses. But maybe there's a better way to generate initial points. Also, the previous code used multiple optimization methods, but maybe a more efficient approach could be better. Perhaps using a different optimization algorithm or adjusting the parameters.

Another idea is to use a more structured approach. For example, if we can model h as a piecewise constant function with certain properties, maybe we can find an optimal arrangement of intervals where h is 0 or 1, or some other values. However, since the problem allows h to be any step function, perhaps there's a way to design it with specific patterns that minimize the maximum overlap.

The problem requires that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, so h's average value is 0.5. So, the function is balanced between 0 and 1. 

Maybe instead of using random initial guesses, we can generate better initial candidates. For example, using a more systematic approach to create periodic structures with optimal spacing. Alternatively, using a greedy algorithm where we adjust certain points to minimize the maximum overlap.

Another idea is to use simulated annealing or other global optimization techniques. But the previous code already used differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe adjusting the parameters of these methods could help. For example, increasing the number of iterations, or changing the population size in differential evolution.

Wait, the previous code used differential evolution with a popsize of 60 and maxiter of 35. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could lead to better results, but with the time budget of 100 seconds, that might not be feasible. Also, the code had some refinements with the Powell method, which uses a local optimization approach.

Alternatively, could we use a different optimization algorithm, like genetic algorithms or particle swarm optimization? But the code already used differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm. Maybe the current setup is sufficient, but perhaps the initial guesses could be better.

Alternatively, maybe the current approach is getting stuck in local optima. So, perhaps using a more diverse set of initial guesses would help. For example, generating multiple different types of functions and optimizing them.

Another thought: the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, which is a convex or non-convex optimization problem. Since the objective function is non-convex (due to the max over the correlations), it's challenging to find the global minimum. Therefore, using multiple initial points and trying different optimization methods could help escape local optima.

In the previous code, the initial guesses included various waveforms. Maybe adding more diverse initial guesses could help. For instance, using different frequency patterns or combining multiple functions. Also, the initial_h_values provided might not be the best starting point, so trying different initial constructions might be better.

Wait, the problem states that the initial_h_values are available, so maybe I should start from that, but also generate other initial points. But the user says to use the initial_h_values directly if available.

Alternatively, perhaps the code could use a different approach for generating initial guesses. For example, using a grid search over some parameters, or creating functions with more complex structures.

Another angle: since the problem involves minimizing max_k (integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)), maybe we can model this as an optimization problem with constraints. But solving it directly is hard, so the previous approach uses numerical optimization with multiple methods.

I think the main improvements would come from:

1. Generating better initial guesses that are more likely to lead to a better solution.
2. Using different optimization algorithms or adjusting their parameters to find better minima.
3. Employing more efficient ways to refine the solutions, like using second-order methods after local optimization.

In the previous code, the initial guesses were generated using sine waves, binary waveforms, triangular, etc. Maybe adding more types of functions or varying parameters could help. Also, maybe using a combination of functions with different periods.

Another idea: since the function is periodic over [0,2], perhaps the optimal function has some symmetry. For example, a function that is symmetric around the center of the interval. Or perhaps a function that has multiple segments with specific lengths and values.

But how to translate that into code? Maybe using a grid-based approach where we sample the function h at specific points and try to optimize their values, but with constraints.

Wait, the code uses a fixed number of points (n_points) which is the length of initial_h_values. The previous code uses n=45 points. The target is to use less than 1k samples, but 45 is acceptable. However, maybe using more points could allow for a better approximation, but with the time budget, that might not be feasible.

Alternatively, maybe using a coarser grid (fewer points) and then refining. But the previous approach uses n=45, so perhaps that's the optimal number.

Another idea is to use a more sophisticated optimization method. For example, using the trust-constrained method or other methods that use second-order information. But the previous code used SLSQP, which is a local optimizer.

Another approach: instead of using differential evolution, which is a global optimizer, perhaps combining it with a local optimizer like SLSQP. But the code already does that.

Wait, the previous code first uses multiple initial guesses with SLSQP, then differential evolution, then Powell refinement. Maybe that's a good approach, but maybe the parameters can be adjusted. For example, increasing the maxiter for differential evolution or using a larger population size.

Alternatively, using the Nelder-Mead method for some of the steps. But the code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method. But if the function is non-convex, gradient-based methods can get stuck in local minima.

Perhaps the key is to use a better initial guess. For example, using the initial_h_values as the starting point and then trying to optimize it with more refined methods.

Another thought: maybe trying to model the problem as a quadratic optimization. For example, the integral can be expressed in terms of inner products, but I'm not sure if that's tractable.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral for shift k is ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x+k)) dx. For each k, this can be rewritten as ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. But since ∫ h(x) dx = 1, this becomes 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. Therefore, the problem becomes minimizing the maximum over k of [1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx], which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum over k of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. But this might not be helpful directly.

But perhaps if we can model the problem as maximizing the minimum of the cross-correlation between h and itself, but again, not sure how to proceed.

Another angle: since the overlap integral depends on the shifts k, perhaps the optimal function h is one that has minimal cross-correlation with itself over all shifts. This resembles the problem of designing a function with low self-ambiguity, which is similar to waveform design in radar and communications.

In radar, the goal is to design waveforms with low autocorrelation, which can be related to our problem here. For example, the maximum overlap would correspond to the maximum autocorrelation. So perhaps techniques from that field could be applied here.

In that case, there is a concept called "low autocorrelation binary sequences," which might be applicable here. However, our function h is a step function, not necessarily binary, but maybe a binary approach could be helpful. For example, using a binary sequence with certain properties.

But since the problem allows h to be any step function (not just binary), perhaps using a binary function might not be optimal, but it's worth trying. The current initial guess includes binary waveforms, so maybe that's already considered.

Another idea: if I can generate a set of sample points where the function alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that its autocorrelation is minimal. For example, using a Barker sequence, which has minimal autocorrelation, but these sequences are typically for binary sequences. However, Barker sequences have limited lengths. For example, the maximum length is 11 for binary sequences. So with length 45, maybe such a sequence isn't directly applicable.

Alternatively, using a more complex structure, like a combination of different waveforms or patterns that are designed to have low cross-correlation.

But how to translate that into code? For example, creating a function that has certain intervals where it is 0 or 1, spaced in a way to minimize overlap.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with a fitness function based on the maximum overlap. But the previous code uses differential evolution, which is similar to genetic algorithms.

Another thought: the current approach may not be exploring the space efficiently. Perhaps using a more global search method first, followed by local optimization. But the previous code already does that with differential evolution.

So, perhaps the main improvements would be:

- Generating more diverse initial guesses that are more likely to lead to a good solution.
- Using different optimization parameters (e.g., higher number of iterations, different population sizes).
- Using different optimization algorithms in combination.
- Refining the solution with more efficient local optimization methods.

Additionally, considering that the problem is about minimizing the maximum of several functions (the overlaps), maybe the code can use a multi-objective optimization approach, but that might complicate things.

Alternatively, the code can focus on the most critical shifts. For example, the maximum overlap is determined by some specific shifts. So, perhaps prioritizing optimization of the worst-case shifts first.

Another idea: instead of evaluating all the shifts in the correlation, maybe the code could focus on the shifts that are most likely to be problematic. For example, in the previous problem, the shifts that are multiples of a certain value.

But how to determine which shifts are the most impactful without knowing the optimal function? That's unclear.

Perhaps the code can be modified to use a more efficient way to calculate the maximum overlap. For example, instead of computing the full correlation, which includes all possible shifts, maybe the code can calculate only a subset of shifts that are most relevant. However, the maximum overlap could come from any shift, so this might not be feasible.

In the previous code, the objective function is the maximum of the correlation values, which is correct. So that part is handled.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient evaluation of the overlap integral. For example, using Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) to calculate the cross-correlation. However, the current code uses numpy.correlate, which for small n_points might not be the fastest, but for n=45, it's manageable.

But since the code already uses the correct approach, perhaps that's not a priority.

Now, considering the code structure, the previous code uses multiple initial guesses and runs optimization algorithms. However, the code might be too slow for the budget, and the improvements could focus on:

1. Reducing the number of parameters and computations in each optimization step.
2. Using better initial guesses that are closer to the optimal solution.
3. Using more efficient optimization algorithms or parameters.

For example, maybe using a higher population size in differential evolution for better exploration, but the code already uses popsize=60. Maybe increasing it to 100?

Alternatively, trying different optimization methods: such as using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints, or using a combination of methods.

Another approach is to use the initial_h_values as the starting point and optimize it with multiple methods, then use the best solution found as a basis for further refinement.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include some generated functions and the initial_h_values itself. Maybe the initial_h_values is a good starting point, and optimizing it further could lead to a better result.

So, the plan could be:

- Start with the initial_h_values and optimize it using a combination of methods (like SLSQP and differential evolution).
- Use a variety of initial guesses, including generated functions and the initial_h_values.
- Employ more sophisticated optimization techniques, such as adjusting the parameters of the optimization algorithms to allow for more thorough exploration of the search space.
- Refine the solution with local optimization methods like Powell or SLSQP to get a better local minimum.

But since the previous code already did some of these steps, the main idea is to tweak the parameters and perhaps enhance the initial guess generation.

Another thing to consider is the use of parallel processing, but the code is constrained to 1 CPU, so that's not possible.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is run with a popsize of 60 and maxiter of 35, then followed by SLSQP with 50 iterations. Maybe increasing the maxiter in differential evolution or using a larger population size could help find better initial solutions. However, this would take more time, and with a 100-second budget, it's important to balance exploration and refinement.

Another idea is to use the results from the differential evolution as the initial guess for the SLSQP method. The previous code does this, but perhaps the parameters could be adjusted for better convergence.

Additionally, the code uses the Powell method for refinement. Powell's method is a local optimizer that can be effective if the initial guess is close to the optimum. So, if the code can find a better initial guess, Powell can refine it further.

In summary, the steps to improve could be:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses that are likely to lead to a better solution.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms to allow for more exploration and better convergence.
3. Use a combination of global and local optimization methods to find the best solution within the time budget.
4. Refine the solution with more efficient local optimization techniques.

Now, translating these ideas into code changes. For example, generating more initial guesses, or changing the parameters of the optimization methods.

But the code must stay within the constraints of not using more than 300 lines and 12k characters. So, the code has to be concise.

Another observation: the current code uses multiple initial guesses generated by different functions. Maybe adding more types of functions or varying parameters could help. For example, adding more waveforms with different frequencies and amplitudes.

Alternatively, the code could use a more efficient way to sample the initial guesses. For example, using a Latin hypercube or other sampling methods.

But given the time constraints, maybe the main changes would be to:

- Increase the population size in differential evolution.
- Allow more iterations in the optimization steps.
- Use a better initial guess based on the initial_h_values.

But how to implement this concisely?

Additionally, the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 45, which is the length of initial_h_values. If the initial_h_values are part of the parent construction, maybe the code can't change that, but the problem allows for any n_points as long as it's less than 1k. However, the sample code uses the initial_h_values directly, so maybe the n_points is fixed.

Another thought: perhaps the code can use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method for the initial optimization steps. But the code uses SLSQP and differential evolution.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where the initial optimization is done with differential evolution, then refining with SLSQP.

But the previous code already does that.

Now, the code must be modified to possibly improve the result. Let me think about what could be changed.

The previous code uses generate_periodic, generate_binary, etc. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different parameters. For example, instead of fixed period values, use a range of periods.

But generating a lot of initial guesses might take time, but perhaps it's worth it.

Alternatively, since the code is using the initial_h_values as an initial guess, maybe focusing on optimizing that function further.

Another approach: use the initial_h_values as the primary starting point and run multiple optimization steps with different methods and parameters.

Another idea is to use the previous code's approach but add more refinement steps. For example, using more iterations of SLSQP or differential evolution.

But the code already has several loops.

An alternative is to use the initial_h_values and run SLSQP with a large number of iterations, then run differential evolution with a larger population size, then refine.

Another possible change is to use the Nelder-Mead method for some steps, which might handle the constraints better.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way to improve the code is to:

- Improve the initial guesses by generating more varied functions.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms for better performance.
- Add more refinement steps using different optimization methods.

Another thing to consider is that the previous code's current best is 0.381142, which is slightly higher than the target of 0.380876. So, there is room for improvement.

In conclusion, to write the code, I would need to:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, including variations of the existing ones with different parameters.
2. Adjust the optimization methods to allow for better exploration.
3. Refine the solution with more iterations of local optimization.

But how to translate this into code concisely?

Now, considering the code structure. The previous code has a lot of generated initial guesses. Maybe adding more of them. Or using a different way to generate them.

But since the code must be concise, perhaps the initial guesses can be generated with a loop or by introducing more variations.

Alternatively, perhaps using the initial_h_values as the best starting point and optimizing it more thoroughly.

So, the code would start with the initial_h_values, then run optimization steps with SLSQP and differential evolution, perhaps with more iterations or different parameters.

In code terms, perhaps changing the parameters of optimize.minimize, such as increasing maxiter, or using different methods.

For example, in the previous code, the SLSQP method has maxiter=200, which could be increased to 300 or more. Also, maybe using the COBYLA method for some steps.

But without knowing the exact impact, it's hard to say. However, given the time constraints, the code must be efficient.

Another idea is to use the fact that the function is periodic and try to find a function with certain symmetries or patterns that can be exploited.

Overall, the code will have to remain similar to the previous one, but with some adjustments to the initial guesses, optimization parameters, and refinement steps to find a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=80, maxiter=40,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```