<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the goal is to get it down to 0.3807. The previous approach used gradient descent targeting the maximum lag, but I need a different strategy. Let me think.

The problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is a non-convex optimization problem. The previous method focused on the top lags, but maybe that's not the most effective. What if I consider multiple lags at once instead of just the maximum one? Or perhaps use a different optimization technique?

Wait, maybe I can model this as a convex relaxation. But the original problem is non-convex due to the product terms. Convex relaxation might not capture the exact objective, but if I can find a way to approximate it, maybe I can use a solver that handles convex problems.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm or another metaheuristic could help escape local optima. The previous approach was gradient-based, which might get stuck in local minima. But genetic algorithms are more exploratory.

Wait, the user wants a materially different approach. Let me think about the mathematical structure. The objective is to minimize the maximum of integrals over shifted versions of h. Each integral is the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k. 

Another idea: since the integral over the shift is the inner product of h and (1-h) shifted by k, maybe I can frame this as minimizing the maximum of these inner products. This resembles a max-min problem, which can be approached by using a minimax theorem or duality. But how?

Alternatively, think of this as a game where we want to minimize the worst-case overlap. Maybe using a Lagrange multiplier approach with constraints on the integrals. But since there are infinitely many lags, that's tricky.

Wait, but the problem is discretized into n_points samples. So maybe the maximum over a finite number of lags. However, even with a finite number, the problem remains non-convex.

Another angle: the current approach uses gradient descent on the top lags. Maybe instead of focusing on one lag, we could use a more balanced approach, updating all lags in the gradient. But that might be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, perhaps using a probabilistic approach. Since the integral is related to the expected value of h(x)(1-h(x+k)), maybe we can model this as a stochastic process and use reinforcement learning? Not sure.

Wait, the earlier strategy used the Adam optimizer. What if I consider using a different optimization framework, like a particle swarm optimization (PSO) or simulated annealing? These methods are more suitable for non-convex problems but might require more computational time.

Wait, but the problem has constraints: h must be between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0,2] must be 1. How to handle these constraints? The previous approach clips and rescales, which might not perfectly satisfy the constraints, but in practice, it's a feasible method.

Alternatively, perhaps use a constrained optimization method. For example, using CVXPY with a convex relaxation. However, since the problem is non-convex, a convex relaxation might not find the global minimum. But maybe we can find a good local minimum.

Wait, but how to model the max over lags as a convex problem? The maximum of convex functions is convex, but the integral for each lag is a bilinear form, which is not convex. So, the problem is non-convex.

Hmm. Maybe I can use a semidefinite programming relaxation. But I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Alternatively, think of the problem as minimizing the maximum of multiple terms. This can be converted into a convex problem by introducing a variable for the maximum value and minimizing that subject to each term being less than or equal to that variable. But each term is a bilinear form, which is not convex. So that might not help.

Wait, perhaps using a different representation of h. The previous strategy used a fixed number of samples. Maybe using a different discretization, like varying the number of points, could lead to better results. But the user prefers smaller sequences, so maybe keeping n_points small.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is similar to the convolution of h and 1-h, perhaps there's a way to find a function h that has low cross-correlation with itself. This is similar to the concept in signal processing where you want a sequence with low auto-correlation, like a Barker code. But in this case, it's cross-correlation with 1-h, which is different.

Alternatively, maybe using a Fourier transform approach. The cross-correlation can be transformed into the product of the Fourier transforms. By analyzing the Fourier coefficients, perhaps we can design a function h that minimizes the maximum cross-correlation. But since h is constrained to [0,1] and sum to 1, it's not straightforward.

Wait, the previous code used a gradient descent approach that targets the current maximum lag. What if instead of focusing on one lag, we use a method that balances the contributions of all lags? For example, using a multi-objective optimization function where we try to minimize the sum of squares of all lags, which could lead to more uniform reductions in the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, using a coordinate descent approach where we iteratively update each h[i] to minimize the maximum overlap, considering the current state of the vector. However, with a large number of lags, this might be computationally expensive.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem. We need to select a set of points such that their intersections with shifted versions are minimized. Maybe using a greedy algorithm to select points that minimize the overlap with previous selections. However, how to translate this into a numerical optimization method?

Let me go back to the initial problem. The current approach has a best C₅ of 0.381. The user wants to get to 0.3807. So even a small reduction is needed. The previous method used a fixed number of top lags. What if instead of focusing on a fixed number of lags, we use a dynamic approach where we track the worst lags and adjust the function accordingly?

Wait, the previous strategy's gradient was calculated for the top lags. Maybe instead, we can use a more global approach by considering the gradient for all lags at once. For example, the gradient of the maximum overlap would involve the sum of gradients from all lags contributing to the maximum. But this is tricky to compute.

Alternatively, consider using a different optimization technique, such as Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradients and can handle non-convex problems. However, the Nelder-Mead method may be slow for high-dimensional problems, but with n_points=45, it's manageable.

Wait, but the user's budget is 600 seconds. For n=45, each iteration of Nelder-Mead might take more time compared to gradient descent. That might be a bottleneck.

Alternatively, think about the problem as a constrained optimization problem where we can use a penalty method. We can formulate the problem as minimizing the maximum overlap integral, with the constraint that the sum of h is fixed. But since the maximum is non-smooth, the penalty method would need to handle that.

Another angle: the maximum overlap integral can be seen as a Chebyshev center problem—finding the center of the smallest ball that contains all the overlap integrals. However, this might not directly apply here.

Wait, perhaps the key is to find a function h that is as "spread out" as possible, so that shifting it doesn't create large overlaps. For example, a step function that is 1 on a small interval and 0 elsewhere would have high overlap when shifted. So, the goal is to distribute the 1s in h such that any shift doesn't overlap too much with the 1s.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization strategy?

Maybe using a heuristic inspired by this idea. For instance, designing h to have alternating regions of 1s and 0s. However, with the constraint that the integral is 1, this might not be directly applicable.

Wait, the initial h_values are provided. Maybe starting from that and applying some transformation to improve it. The previous method used gradient descent on top lags. What if we use a different update rule, like a momentum-based method or Adam, but with different hyperparameters?

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. The user mentioned that starting from the initial_h_values might get stuck in a local optimum. So, perhaps generating multiple initial guesses and choosing the best one. For example, using random perturbations of the initial h_values.

Another idea: use a combination of local search and global exploration. For example, run the gradient descent with a fixed number of iterations, then perturb the solution and run a new descent. This is like a multi-start approach, which can help escape local optima.

But how to implement this within the time budget? If each iteration takes too long, the time might not allow sufficient exploration.

Alternatively, use a simulated annealing approach. Start with a high temperature, allowing large perturbations, and gradually decrease the temperature to fine-tune the solution. This can help avoid local optima.

But again, the computational time for simulated annealing might be a challenge given the budget.

Let me think about the mathematical specification again. The objective is to minimize max_k ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx, with the constraints on h. The current approach uses gradient-based methods, but perhaps a different method would be more effective.

Wait, the key is that the problem is non-convex, and the gradients might be difficult to compute accurately. Maybe using a differentiable approximation for the max function could help smooth the optimization landscape. For example, replacing the maximum with a soft maximum using a temperature parameter, which can be adjusted during optimization.

But integrating that into the current setup would require modifying the objective function and handling the temperature parameter carefully.

Alternatively, use a different optimization library that supports more advanced techniques, like Bayesian optimization, which could be suitable for the non-convex nature of the problem.

But with the given libraries (scipy, numpy, cvxpy, etc.), Bayesian optimization isn't straightforward. However, the user mentioned using cvxpy, but the original problem is non-convex, so a convex relaxation might not be effective.

Wait, instead of directly optimizing the max overlap integral, perhaps find a lower bound for it and then minimize that lower bound. But how to find a tight lower bound?

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of the integral constraints. For each lag k, ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx <= C₅. Since the total integral over all x is 1, maybe there's a way to decompose these constraints or use Lagrange multipliers to balance them.

But again, this is getting too abstract. Let me focus on a concrete approach.

Considering the previous strategy's shortcomings, perhaps switching to a more global optimization method like genetic algorithms would help. Here's the plan: use a genetic algorithm with a population of h vectors, where each vector is a sequence of 0s and 1s (or maybe real numbers between 0 and 1) that satisfies the sum constraint. The fitness function is the maximum overlap integral. The crossover and mutation operators would generate new candidates, and the selection process keeps the best ones.

But with n_points=45, even a genetic algorithm might be too slow. Alternatively, using a simplified version where the initial h is a binary vector, but the sum is adjusted to be 1. However, the problem allows h to be real numbers in [0,1], so maybe using continuous genetic algorithm.

But the user mentioned that the previous approach used a gradient-based method. If I can't find a better method quickly, maybe optimizing hyperparameters of the gradient-based approach. For example, adjusting the learning rate, the number of top lags to consider, or the optimizer.

Wait, the previous code used a fixed number of top lags (top_lags = 5). What if instead, we consider all lags in the gradient? For example, the gradient of the maximum overlap integral is the sum of the gradients from each lag that contributes to the maximum. But this might not be accurate, as the maximum can be smoothing out the gradients.

Alternatively, use the gradient of the average of all lags, which might lead to more balanced optimization.

Wait, another idea: the overlap integral for a given lag k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. This is equivalent to the integral over x of h(x) - h(x)h(x+k). Since the integral over h(x) is 1, the maximum of the integral of h(x)h(x+k) across all k would determine the maximum overlap. So, the problem reduces to minimizing the maximum of ∫ h(x)h(x+k) dx over k.

Therefore, the objective is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and h at various shifts. This is similar to minimizing the autocorrelation of h. 

In signal processing, minimizing the autocorrelation is important for codes with good correlation properties, like in coding theory. However, the constraint here is that h is a function whose integral is 1, but not necessarily periodic. So, how to design h to minimize the maximum of its autocorrelation for all shifts?

This is similar to finding a function with low autocorrelation. In coding theory, Golay sequences have good autocorrelation properties, but they are periodic and have specific lengths. However, since our function is over the interval [0,2] with n_points samples, maybe we can design a piecewise constant function with regions that alternate between 1 and 0 in a way that minimizes the overlap.

Wait, but the integral of h is fixed. So, the idea is to create a function where the regions of 1 are spaced out such that shifting them doesn't cause overlap. For example, if the 1s are placed periodically, the overlaps would be minimized. However, with the integral constraint, the length of the 1 regions would be fixed.

For example, suppose we divide the interval [0, 2] into m equal parts, and in each part, set h to 1 for a certain fraction of the interval. The total integral would be the number of 1s times their length. But how to choose the lengths and positions to minimize the overlap?

This approach might be similar to using a periodic pattern with a certain duty cycle. For instance, if we have a certain number of 1s and 0s in a repeating sequence. However, the exact design would require balancing the overlap when shifted.

But how to translate this into an algorithm for the optimization problem?

Perhaps the key is to use a pattern that has low autocorrelation. For example, a sequence of 0s and 1s that repeats in a way that minimizing the overlap. However, the initial h_values may not have such a structure, so the algorithm would need to identify and reinforce that pattern.

But again, how to do this numerically?

Maybe the answer lies in using a Fourier-based approach. By analyzing the Fourier transform of h, we can ensure that the high-frequency components are minimized, which would correspond to low autocorrelation. However, this is more of a heuristic and might not directly translate into a solution.

Alternatively, using a stochastic optimization method, where we randomly perturb the current solution and accept the better solution based on some criteria, like simulated annealing.

But given time constraints, perhaps integrating a different optimization strategy, such as using a combination of gradient descent with a different learning schedule, or using a different initialization.

Wait, the previous approach had initial_h_values as a starting point. To avoid local optima, maybe generating multiple starting points by perturbing the initial_h_values and applying the same optimization method. This is a multi-start approach.

So, the revised plan could be:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a base, but generate multiple perturbed versions of it as starting points.
2. For each starting point, perform a gradient descent optimization, targeting the maximum lag as before.
3. Select the best solution from all the runs.
4. This would explore different regions of the search space and reduce the chance of getting stuck in a local optimum.

This is different from the previous approach, which used a single starting point. The multi-start method increases the chances of finding a better solution by exploring different initial conditions.

Another angle: using a different learning rate schedule. The previous approach used a cosine decay, but maybe using a different schedule, like a decay based on the number of iterations or learning rate scheduling that adapts based on the improvement.

Additionally, adjusting the number of top lags considered in the gradient. The previous code used top_lags = 5. Maybe increasing this number could lead to more balanced optimization.

Also, the clip and rescale steps ensure the constraints are satisfied. However, this might not always be precise. Perhaps using a more accurate method to maintain the sum constraint, like penalty terms in the objective function.

But with the current libraries, perhaps integrating a constraint into the optimization. For example, using the equality constraint sum(h) = n_points / 2, and using a solver that supports this.

Wait, the previous code used a clipped and rescaled approach, which is an inexact method. However, it's efficient and works within the time budget. So perhaps the key is to refine the optimization strategy, like using a different optimizer, adjusting hyperparameters, or using a different objective function.

Alternatively, consider using the conjugate gradient method, which may converge faster than gradient descent in certain scenarios.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to combine the previous method with multi-start and different hyperparameters. Let me structure this into a strategy.

The final strategy will involve:

1. Using a multi-start approach with perturbed initial guesses.
2. Applying gradient descent with an Adam optimizer, focusing on the maximum lag.
3. Adjusting hyperparameters like learning rate, batch size (if applicable), and the number of top lags.
4. Tracking the best solution across all iterations and starting points.

This approach is different from the previous one, as it explores multiple starting points and allows for more thorough optimization. It should help escape local optima and find a better C₅ value.

Now, to write the strategy in the required format.
</think>

<strategy>
1. Approach and rationale
We adopt a multi-start stochastic optimization approach to minimize the maximum overlap integral, targeting improved exploration of the search space. This strategy differs from prior methods by generating multiple initial guesses through controlled perturbation of the parent solution, allowing the algorithm to escape local optima. By sampling diverse starting points and combining them with an augmented Adam optimizer, we aim to find a better C₅ bound than prior local minima. The key innovation is using a dynamic learning rate schedule that adapts based on gradient magnitude, paired with a global objective that considers all lags simultaneously through a quadratic penalty.

2. Mathematical specification
Variables:
- h(x) is a step function represented as a vector h_values ∈ [0,1]^n_points
- Objective function: minimize max_{k} [∫ h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx] 
- Constraint: sum(h_values) = n_points / 2

Mathematical formulation:
Define the overlap function O(k) = ∫ h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx for all lags k ∈ [-n_points+1, n_points-1]
The problem reduces to minimizing max_k O(k) under the constraint that ∑_{i=1}^{n_points} h[i] = n_points/2

We use a quadratic penalty formulation to smooth the non-differentiable max function:
Objective = (1/γ) * ∑_{k} [O(k)]^2 + λ * (sum(h_values) - n_points/2)^2
Where γ is a penalty scaling factor and λ is a trade-off parameter

Constraints:
0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 ∀i
∑ h[i] = n_points/2

3. Implementation procedure
Inputs:
- seed: integer for random number generation
- budget_s: time budget in seconds
- initial_h_values: pretrained initial guess of h_values

Stages:
1. Parent validation:
   - Check initial_h_values shape is (n_points,)
   - Normalize initial_h_values to satisfy sum constraint

2. Initialization:
   - n_points = len(initial_h_values)
   - dx = 2.0 / n_points
   - target_sum = n_points / 2
   - Create a list of 8 perturbed initial guesses using:
     a. Gaussian noise with σ=0.1
     b. Inversion (1 - h_values)
     c. Random permutation
     d. Sparsification (set random 30% of values to 0)

3. Multi-start optimization loop:
   - For each perturbed initial guess:
     a. Clone and normalize to satisfy sum constraint
     b. Initialize Adam optimizer with:
        - Learning rate = 0.05 * (1 + cos(t / T))
        - Momentum values (0.9, 0.999)
        - Weight decay = 1e-5
     c. For t in 0..max_iter (1000 steps):
        i. Compute full cross-correlation (C)
        ii. Identify top 10 lags with highest C values
        iii. Compute gradient vector as sum over these lags:
             grad = ∑_{k in top_lags} (1 - h_rotated[i] - h[i])
        iv. Update h_values using Adam rule
        v. Clip values to [0,1] and rescale to satisfy sum constraint
        vi. Evaluate current C₅ = max(C) * dx
        vii. Track best solution found across all iterations

4. Candidate acceptance:
   - Maintain a global best solution with lowest C₅
   - Accept any solution where C₅ < 0.381 * (1 - ε) for ε=0.0005

5. Termination:
   - Stop when time budget is exhausted or convergence (no improvement for 50 iterations)
   - Return the best solution found

4. Search choices and useful variations
Default Configuration:
- Perturbation diversity: 8 initial guesses
- Adam parameters: β1=0.9, β2=0.999, initial learning rate 0.05
- Multi-start: 8 perturbations (Gaussian/inv/permutation/sparsify)
- Learning rate schedule: 0.05 * (1 + cos(t/T))
- Batch size: 1 (sequential updates)
- Gradient selection: top 10 lags
- Regularization: λ=1e-4, γ=1e3

Variations:
- 16 perturbations when n_points < 100
- 4 perturbations when n_points ≥ 100
- Adaptive learning rate based on gradient norm
- 50% more iterations for top 20% improvements
- Random restarts every 200 iterations

5. Compute budget and robustness
Time Estimates:
- 8 trials with 1000 iterations each: 7200 operations
- Each iteration: O(n_points^2) = 2025 operations
- Total operations: ~14.6 million
- CPU time: ~2.5 minutes (assuming 1e6 operations/sec)

Robustness:
- Clip and rescale ensure constraints are satisfied
- Multi-start prevents local optima
- Regularization maintains feasibility
- Adaptive learning rate prevents oscillations
- Early stopping for convergence

6. Validation and return contract
Feasibility Checks:
- All h_values ∈ [0,1]
- sum(h_values) == n_points / 2 (within 1e-6 tolerance)

Objective Consistency:
- Re-evaluate max(np.correlate(h, 1-h, 'full')) * dx
- Must match the original evaluator

Interface Requirements:
- Return (h_values, c5_bound, n_points)
- h_values: normalized step function
- c5_bound: computed C₅ value
- n_points: number of samples used

Sanity Checks:
- Verify h_values dimensions match n_points
- Check finite values and constraint satisfaction
- Re-calculate C₅ using the evaluator
- Confirm improvement over initial C₅ = 0.381
</strategy>