<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by finding a better step function h that minimizes the overlap integral. The previous code used simulated annealing with Gaussian noise, but maybe I can do better.

First, let me recall the problem. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k. The current best known value is around 0.38085, and I need to get lower than that. The previous code started with a parent solution and used a cooling schedule with Gaussian mutations. But perhaps there are better mutation strategies or optimization techniques.

The previous approach had some limitations. For example, the mutation operators might not be sufficient to escape local minima. Also, the cooling schedule might be too slow or not aggressive enough. Maybe I can try different mutation methods, like using more targeted mutations or different noise distributions.

Let me think about possible improvements. One idea is to use a more sophisticated mutation strategy. Instead of Gaussian noise, maybe using a combination of different mutation types could help. For example, a "horseshoe" mutation that targets specific regions where the function might have overlapping peaks. Also, maybe incorporating a greedy improvement step or using a different optimization algorithm like genetic algorithms or particle swarm optimization could help find better solutions.

Wait, the user mentioned that the current code uses simulated annealing. Maybe I can adjust the parameters of the simulated annealing to make it more effective. For instance, using a larger initial temperature, adjusting the cooling rate, or varying the noise standard deviation over time. Also, using a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral might save time, allowing more iterations within the budget.

Another thought: the current code uses a symmetric construction by mirroring the h_opt. Maybe that's limiting the search space. Perhaps allowing asymmetry could lead to better results, but I need to check if the problem constraints allow that. Wait, the integral constraint is ∫h dx = 1, and the function is defined over [0,2]. The previous code mirrored the h_opt to create a symmetric full vector, which might be a good starting point, but maybe exploring asymmetric functions could yield better results.

Alternatively, maybe the initial parent solution is not optimal. The user mentioned that if initial_h_values are provided, they should be used. But if not, create a starting vector. However, the previous code started with a triangular shape and mirrored it. Maybe another initial guess, like a sinusoidal function or a more complex pattern, could be better.

Wait, the problem allows using any starting point, not just the initial_h_values. So perhaps generating a better initial guess could lead to a better solution. For example, using a sinusoidal function that has peaks and valleys to minimize overlap.

But since I can't use the initial_h_values as a literal, I need to create an initial guess algorithmically. For instance, a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that balances the integral. But how?

Another approach: the overlap integral can be seen as a convolution. The maximum of the convolution between h and (1-h) scaled by dx. So minimizing this maximum is equivalent to making the convolution as low as possible. This is similar to a deconvolution problem, where we want h such that when convolved with (1-h), the result is minimized.

Perhaps using a Fourier Transform approach. Since convolution in time domain is multiplication in frequency domain. So the overlap integral is the maximum of the product of the Fourier transforms of h and (1-h). But since we are looking for the maximum over all shifts, maybe this could be transformed into a problem in the frequency domain. However, this might be complex to implement and optimize numerically.

Alternatively, maybe using a gradient-based optimization method. But the problem is non-convex and has multiple local minima. However, using a gradient descent with momentum or other techniques might help escape local minima. But again, the function is piecewise constant, so derivatives may not be easy to compute.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a binary sequence with certain autocorrelation properties, which is a known problem in coding theory. Maybe techniques from that area could be useful, such as using Barker codes or other sequences with low autocorrelation. However, Barker codes are for binary sequences with minimal autocorrelation, but here the problem is slightly different because it's a maximum over shifted overlaps.

Wait, in this problem, the overlap integral for a shift k is ∫h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since h is a step function, maybe we can model this as a binary signal and find a sequence that when convolved with its complement has minimal maximum value.

But given that the function is defined on a continuous interval [0, 2], discretizing it into n_points samples. The current code uses a symmetric approach, which might be useful. However, maybe a different approach, like using a more uniform distribution of 1s and 0s, could help.

Let me think about the constraints. The integral of h over [0,2] is 1, which means the average value of h is 0.5. So the function is a step function that is 1 in some regions and 0 in others, with the total length of the 1 regions equal to 1. So the function has a width of 1, but the exact placement of the 1s is what we can adjust.

The overlap integral for a particular shift k would be the integral over x where h(x) is 1 and (1 - h(x + k)) is 1. Since h(x) is 1 where the function is on, and (1 - h(x+k)) is 1 where h(x +k) is 0. Therefore, the overlap integral is the measure of the set where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. So for each k, the integral is the area where the two regions of h(x) and h(x +k) do not overlap.

To minimize the maximum of these integrals, we need to arrange the regions where h is 1 such that for any shift k, the overlapping regions are minimized.

This is similar to placing tiles of length 1 (since the integral is 1) on the interval [0,2], such that their shifted versions do not overlap too much. The challenge is to find an arrangement that minimizes the worst-case overlap.

An optimal arrangement might involve placing the regions in a way that they are spread out as much as possible. For example, if the function is 1 on [0, 0.5], [0.5, 1], [1, 1.5], [1.5, 2], but since the total integral is 1, the length of the 1 regions is 1 unit. Wait, the integral is 1, so the total length of regions where h is 1 is 1 dx. Wait, the integral over [0,2] of h(x) dx is 1. Since h(x) can take values between 0 and 1, but in the problem, the function can be non-binary. However, the user is looking for a step function, which I think refers to a piecewise constant function with binary values (either 0 or 1). Wait, the problem says step function h: [0, 2] → [0, 1], but the constraints include that h is a step function. Wait, no, the problem says h is a step function, but the code uses discrete samples. Maybe the step function refers to h being a piecewise constant function, but discrete samples would approximate that.

But in the code, the function is represented as a step function by taking samples and then using those to create a piecewise function. However, for optimization, the code represents it as a vector of samples between 0 and 1.

But given that the integral is 1, the average of the samples multiplied by dx is 1. So sum(h) * dx = 1. The previous code uses a symmetric approach, mirroring the h_opt to create a full vector, but maybe that's not necessary.

Wait, the code constructs h_full as the concatenation of h_opt and its reverse. So the total length of h_full is 2 * n_half, which would be 2 * 140 = 280 points (for n_points = 280). But the original problem is over [0,2], so the full vector is twice the length of the initial segment. This is to create a symmetric function, which might be useful for the convolution.

But perhaps the initial parent solution is a triangular wave, which is a common starting point. However, given that the previous code got a C5 of 0.381277, which is higher than the known record of 0.38085, there's room for improvement.

To improve, maybe we can try a different approach. Let's consider using a genetic algorithm or a more sophisticated optimization method. However, given the time budget, it's better to use efficient methods.

Another idea is to use gradient-based optimization but with careful handling of the constraints. However, since the function is piecewise constant, the derivatives might be difficult to compute. Alternatively, using a quadratic programming approach with constraints on the sum and individual values might help, but that could be computationally heavy.

Wait, the previous code uses simulated annealing. Perhaps adjusting the parameters of the simulated annealing could help. For example, using a more aggressive cooling schedule, or varying the mutation strength based on the current best solution.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different mutation strategy. Instead of adding Gaussian noise to all points, maybe applying mutations to specific regions where overlaps are high. For example, identifying regions where increasing or decreasing h might reduce overlaps.

Another approach is to use a local search with more informed moves. For instance, using the current best solution to identify which shifts contribute the most to the C5 value, and then perturbing those regions.

But how to implement this efficiently? Maybe during the evaluation of the current solution, compute for each possible shift the overlap, then focus the mutations on regions that are most critical for those shifts.

Alternatively, using a fast approximation of the overlap integral. The current code uses the full convolution, which might be computationally heavy. However, given the time budget, perhaps optimizing this step would allow more iterations.

Wait, the code computes the full convolution of h_full with (1 - h_full), then takes the maximum value. The maximum corresponds to the shift that gives the highest overlap. However, the problem is to find the maximum over all shifts k, which for a symmetric function could be achieved by looking at certain shifts.

But for optimization, perhaps it's better to precompute the shifts that are most likely to be problematic and focus on those.

But I think the main issue with the previous code is that it uses a single mutation strategy (Gaussian noise), which might not explore the solution space effectively. Maybe combining different mutation strategies could help.

Another idea is to use a combination of global and local mutation operators. For example, using a global mutation (like a large-scale change) to escape local minima, and local mutations to fine-tune the solution.

Additionally, using a dynamic adjustment of mutation strength based on the current solution's C5 value. For instance, if the solution is not improving, increasing the mutation strength to explore new regions.

Another possible improvement is to use a better initial guess. If the initial_h_values is available, using it is better, but the previous code starts with a triangular shape. Maybe a better initial guess could be created by a different pattern, like a periodic function or a more evenly spaced set of 1s and 0s.

But given that the initial_h_values is provided, perhaps using that as a starting point is better. However, the user wants to start from the current construction, which is the initial_h_values.

But let's consider the code structure. The previous code starts with a symmetric h_opt, which is a concatenation of the first half and its reverse. The code uses a repair function to scale the sum to meet the integral constraint.

Maybe instead of a symmetric approach, we can try an asymmetric initial guess. For example, placing the 1s in a way that they are spread out across the interval [0,2].

Alternatively, perhaps using a more optimal initial guess based on known results. For example, if there's a known optimal pattern for the Erdős constant, using that as a starting point could help.

But given that the previous code's result is 0.381277, and the target is to get lower, perhaps a better strategy is to use a different optimization method, like a local search with more effective mutation steps.

Another idea: instead of using simulated annealing, which might be too slow, maybe use a gradient-based method. However, since the function is discrete, the gradient might not be straightforward. But if we treat the h as a continuous variable (even though it's step function), perhaps we can compute the gradient of the C5 function with respect to h and use gradient descent with momentum.

But how to handle the constraints? The integral constraint ∫h dx = 1 and the bounds 0 ≤ h ≤ 1. This suggests using a constrained optimization method, like projected gradient descent.

Let me think about formulating the problem. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the convolution of h and (1-h). However, since this is a non-convex problem, gradient-based methods may not find the global minimum. However, for a local optimization, it's worth trying.

But for the purposes of this problem, given the time constraints, maybe a more pragmatic approach is better. Let's return to the simulated annealing approach but try to tweak parameters for better performance.

Possible changes:

1. Use a different mutation strategy. Instead of Gaussian noise, maybe using a uniform mutation (randomly changing some bits or values) or a combination of mutations.

2. Use a more efficient annealing schedule. For example, starting with a higher initial temperature and cooling more rapidly, but with a lower number of iterations.

3. Use more intelligent mutation steps based on the current solution's overlap values. For instance, identifying regions where the overlap is highest and perturbing those.

4. Incorporate the initial parent solution more effectively. For example, using a fast initial repair and then applying mutations.

Another idea: the previous code uses a symmetric approach. Maybe breaking the symmetry could lead to better results. However, the symmetric function may have better properties for the overlap integral. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess for h. For example, creating a function that is 1 in two separate intervals within [0,2]. For instance, if the function is 1 on [0, 0.5] and [1.0, 1.5], which would give a total length of 1.0, satisfying the integral constraint.

But how to model this in code. For example, starting with a function that is 1 in two regions, separated by a gap. Then, allowing the optimization process to adjust the positions and widths of these regions.

Another approach is to use a more advanced optimization library, like scipy.optimize's differential_evolution, which is better at exploring the solution space. However, the previous code used a custom simulated annealing approach, which might be more efficient.

But considering the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps a more efficient method is better. However, with the current code's approach, the simulated annealing might not be sufficient.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses. For example, starting from different initial configurations and selecting the best one.

But given the constraints, the code must be efficient.

Another possible improvement: since the overlap integral depends on the maximum convolution, maybe the code can be optimized by focusing on estimating which shifts are most critical. For example, for the current solution, compute all the overlaps and focus the mutations on the shifts that contribute the most to C5. This could be done by, for each iteration, identifying the shift with the highest overlap and applying mutations to the regions that are most responsible for that overlap.

But how to implement this. For example, if the maximum overlap is at shift k, then the regions where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0 are the ones contributing. Perhaps changing h(x) in regions near x where x +k is in the regions where h is 0.

But this requires tracking the specific regions contributing to the maximum overlap, which might be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, during the evaluation, for the current solution, find the shift k that gives the maximum overlap, and then use this k to guide the mutations. For instance, if the maximum occurs at shift k, then the optimal h would be such that the regions where h is 1 are not aligned with the regions where h is 0 when shifted by k. So, the idea is to adjust the function to reduce the overlap for the worst-case k.

In practice, this could be done by modifying the h values where x is in the region contributing to the maximum overlap. But how?

Maybe a better approach is to use the current best solution and focus the mutations on the regions that are most likely to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, if the maximum is due to a particular shift k, then the function's structure at positions around k could be adjusted.

But this is getting a bit too abstract. Let's get back to code ideas.

In the previous code, the mutation is additive Gaussian noise with a standard deviation of 0.05 multiplied by the current temperature. Maybe adjusting this to a lower noise scale for later steps, or using different noise scales for different mutation types.

Another idea: instead of using a single mutation type, use a combination with different probabilities. For example, a certain percentage of mutations are Gaussian, some are uniform, and some are more targeted, like flipping a portion of the h values.

But how to implement this within the time constraints. Also, the previous code had three mutation types: horseshoe, gaussian, and uniform. However, the code in the previous example didn't have all three. It just used gaussian noise.

Wait, the strategy from the original code mentioned using different mutation operators, but the code didn't implement them. So maybe adding more mutation types could help.

Another thought: the current code's repair function scales the candidate solution to meet the integral constraint. However, this might not always be optimal. Perhaps a more sophisticated repair method could be used, like projecting the solution onto the feasible set while trying to maintain certain properties.

Alternatively, using a Lagrange multiplier approach to incorporate the integral constraint directly into the objective function. But for a numerical optimization method like simulated annealing, this would require modifying the objective function to include the constraint as a penalty.

But in the previous code, the repair function is applied after each mutation to ensure the integral constraint is met. This is acceptable, but perhaps a more efficient way to handle the constraint during mutation steps.

In any case, given the time, let's proceed with adjusting the simulated annealing parameters. For example:

- Increase the number of iterations to explore more possibilities.
- Adjust the cooling rate to be faster or slower based on the current solution.
- Use a different noise scale, perhaps starting with a larger mutation and then decreasing it.
- Use a combination of mutation types.

Another possible change is to use a different initial guess. For example, starting with a more uniform distribution of 1s. For instance, if we have n_points = 280, and the integral is 1, then the average value of h is 0.5. So, if we start with a function that is 0.5 everywhere, that would satisfy the integral constraint. However, this is a flat function, which might not be optimal. But perhaps using a function with more variation could be better.

But since the initial_h_values is provided, we can use that as the starting point. The previous code uses a triangular shape, mirrored. So perhaps using that as the starting point is better.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values is used as a starting guess. So maybe the key is to improve the mutation strategy and the annealing parameters.

Another idea: the current code uses a symmetric construction by mirroring h_opt. This might lead to a function that is symmetric, which could have better properties for the overlap integral. But maybe introducing some asymmetry could lead to lower C5. However, this might require a more complex search.

In conclusion, the main improvements to consider are:

1. Adjusting the mutation strategy to include more diverse mutation types.
2. Tuning the annealing parameters to allow more effective exploration.
3. Using a better initial guess.
4. Optimizing the overlap calculation to save computation time.
5. Using a different optimization method, such as genetic algorithms, if feasible.

But given the code constraints and the time budget, I'll proceed to adjust the simulated annealing parameters and add more mutation types, while ensuring the code remains efficient.

So, here's a plan for the code:

- Continue using simulated annealing but with adjusted parameters.
- Implement different mutation types: Gaussian, uniform, and possibly others.
- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Adjust the cooling rate and noise scaling over time.
- Ensure the integral constraint is maintained after each mutation.
- Track the best solution and return it.

Now, coding this in Python, using the given structure. Also, adhering to the constraints of not using long literals and keeping the code concise.

The previous code had some issues with the mutation strategies, but the user's new strategy suggests using a combination of mutation types. But how to implement that.

In the code, I'll add multiple mutation operators: Gaussian, uniform, and perhaps a horseshoe mutation that might target specific regions. However, without knowing the exact implementation, I'll need to simulate these.

For example, the Gaussian mutation adds normal noise, the uniform mutation adds uniform noise, and the horseshoe mutation could be a more targeted mutation that perturbs the function in a certain way.

But for simplicity, perhaps adding uniform mutation and adjusting the probabilities.

Additionally, I'll adjust the cooling rate and noise parameters to see if that helps.

Another thing to note: the previous code had a max_iters of 10000, which might be too high, given the time budget of 100 seconds. So reducing the number of iterations may be necessary to stay within time.

Putting all this together, here's an outline of the code changes:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting guess if available.
- Use a better mutation strategy with different types.
- Adjust the noise scale and cooling rate.
- Limit the number of iterations to ensure the code runs within the time.
- Repair the solution after each mutation.
- Track the best solution and return it.

Finally, ensure that the code is within the character and line limits, and does not use long literals.

So, the final code would look something like this, with adjustments to the mutation strategies, parameters, and optimization steps.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    start_time = time.time()
    n_points = 280
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    integral_target = n_points / 4.0

    if 'initial_h_values' in globals():
        initial_h = np.array(initial_h_values)
        h_opt = initial_h[:n_points // 2]
    else:
        h_opt = np.zeros(n_points // 2)
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points // 2)
        h_opt = np.clip(1 - np.abs(x - 0.5), 0, 1)

    def compute_overlap(h):
        h_full = np.clip(np.concatenate([h, h[::-1]]), 0, 1)
        corr = np.correlate(h_full, 1 - h_full, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def repair_h(h, target):
        s = np.sum(h) * dx
        if abs(s) < 1e-6:
            return np.zeros_like(h)
        scale = target / s
        return np.clip(h * scale, 0, 1)

    best_h = h_opt.copy()
    best_c5 = compute_overlap(best_h)
    temps = [1.0, 0.9, 0.8, 0.7, 0.6, 0.5, 0.4]
    max_iter = 10000

    for temp in temps:
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 1:
            break
        for _ in range(max_iter):
            noise_std = 0.05 * temp
            noise = np.random.normal(0, noise_std, len(h_opt))
            candidate = np.clip(h_opt + noise, 0, 1)
            candidate = repair_h(candidate, integral_target)
            c5 = compute_overlap(candidate)
            if c5 < best_c5 or np.random.rand() < np.exp((best_c5 - c5) / temp):
                best_h = candidate
                best_c5 = c5

    h_full = np.clip(np.concatenate([best_h, best_h[::-1]]), 0, 1)
    return h_full, best_c5, n_points
```