<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a 70-point discretization with SLSQP optimization and random perturbations. The target is to get C₅ lower than 0.380876. The current best is 0.380919, so I need to find a better solution.

First, I should consider why the previous approach might not be sufficient. The method uses perturbations with decreasing noise over time, but maybe it's getting stuck in local minima. Maybe a different optimization strategy or a different starting point could help.

The previous code uses a fixed number of points (70), but perhaps increasing the number of points could allow for a more precise function h that minimizes the overlap. However, more points would require more computation, which might exceed the time budget. Alternatively, maybe 70 points is still sufficient, but the optimization needs to be more efficient.

Another idea is to use a different optimization algorithm. The previous code used SLSQP, which is good for constrained problems but might not be the best for this particular objective. Maybe a genetic algorithm or a particle swarm optimization could explore the solution space better. However, implementing these from scratch might be time-consuming, and the code has to run within 1100 seconds.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with better handling of the constraints. Maybe using a more efficient optimizer or adjusting hyperparameters. Also, maybe using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values provided could be a good starting point, but perhaps modifying it could lead to better results.

The correlation function np.correlate(h, 1-h, 'full') might be computationally expensive. Wait, the code uses a full correlation, but the overlap integral is over shifts. Maybe there's a way to compute the max correlation more efficiently, but that's probably not the main issue here.

Another angle is the structure of the function h. The Erdős problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap. Maybe a more structured approach, like using a piecewise constant function with specific patterns, could lead to a better result. For example, alternating between 0 and 1 in a periodic fashion, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Wait, the constraint is that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So the average value of h is 0.5. So the function h is like a density that's 0.5 on average. To minimize the maximum overlap, the function should be arranged so that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much with itself.

The previous approach uses a random perturbation with decreasing noise. Maybe instead of decreasing the noise, using a different schedule, like decreasing the step size over time, or using a different perturbation strategy, like simulated annealing, where the temperature decreases over time.

Alternatively, maybe using a different starting point. The initial_h_values provided could be from a previous attempt, and using that as a starting point is good, but maybe modifying it with some known structures could help. For example, if the initial h is a periodic function or has certain symmetry properties.

Also, the code uses a fixed n_points (70). Maybe trying a different n_points, but within the time budget. For example, trying with 100 points. However, more points would require more computational resources. The time budget is 1100 seconds, so perhaps 70 points is manageable.

Another thought: the previous code's objective function is to minimize the max correlation. But the optimization is done with the SLSQP method. Maybe adding more constraints or using a different objective function formulation could help. For example, minimizing the maximum value directly, rather than maximizing the correlation. Wait, the code's objective is the max of the correlation, which is the C5 value, and we want to minimize that. So the objective is correct.

But perhaps the problem is that the perturbations are too small. If the noise is too small, the optimizer might not explore enough of the solution space. Maybe varying the perturbation more aggressively early on and then refining later.

Wait, the code uses a decreasing sigma: sigma = 0.05 * (1 - time / budget). So it starts with 0.05 and decreases as time goes on. Maybe instead of a linear decrease, using an exponential decrease could be better. Or perhaps there's a better way to balance exploration and exploitation.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the SLSQP with different options, like more iterations or better tolerances. Or perhaps using a different method like COBYLA or Nelder-Mead. However, these might not handle constraints as well as SLSQP.

Alternatively, using a multi-start optimization approach, where multiple initial points are tried, and the best is kept. The previous code uses a single starting point (initial_h_values) and perturbs it, but maybe trying multiple starting points could find a better solution.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum correlation, maybe focusing on specific shifts that are known to be problematic. For example, the maximum correlation occurs at certain shift values, so the function h should be designed to avoid those overlaps.

But how to encode that into the optimization? It's unclear. The current approach uses the correlation as the objective, which is correct.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code does the following:

- Initializes h with initial_h_values or uniform distribution.

- For each iteration, generates a perturbed h, optimizes it with SLSQP, and keeps the best solution.

The problem might be that the initial_h_values is not optimal, and perturbation is not enough to find better solutions. Maybe using a different initial guess could help. For example, starting from a function that has a better structure.

Alternatively, maybe the current code is spending too much time on each optimization, leading to not enough iterations. For example, with 70 points, each SLSQP optimization may take some time, and the loop may not run enough times within 1100 seconds.

Perhaps adjusting the number of iterations per optimization. In the previous code, each iteration does a minimize with 500 maxiter. Maybe reducing that to 100 or 200 would allow more iterations, but with lower accuracy. Or increasing it, but that could take more time.

Another modification could be to use a different initial guess. For example, using a simple alternating pattern. For instance, a function that is 0.5 on intervals of certain lengths. But how to construct that?

Alternatively, considering that the integral is 1 over [0,2], which is 0.5 average, perhaps using a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in such a way that the overlap is minimized. For example, a 50-50 alternating pattern, but split into segments.

Another possible approach is to use a mathematical construction that is known to have low overlap. For example, if there's a known h that gives a certain C5 value, but I'm not sure about existing constructions for C5. The Erdős problem is about the minimum possible maximum overlap, so maybe there's some literature on optimal functions for this.

But without knowing specific constructions, perhaps the code can be improved by using different heuristics.

Now, considering the code, what can be changed?

- Change the perturbation method: maybe using a larger initial step and then smaller steps. Or using a different perturbation method, like random walk.

- Change the optimization method: maybe using a different solver. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which doesn't require gradients. But this might be slower.

- Use a different initial guess. For example, using a function that has better properties. For instance, a function that is 1 on intervals of length 1, but that would make the integral 1 (since length 1 * 1 = 1). Wait, the integral over [0,2] is 1. If h(x) is 1 on [0,1] and 0 on (1,2], then the integral is 1. Then, for shifts, when k=0, the integral is ∫h(x)(1 - h(x))dx = ∫h(x)(1 - h(x))dx. Since h(x) is 1 on [0,1], this becomes 0 for x in [0,1], and 1 * (1 - 0) = 1 for x in [1,2]. So the integral would be ∫[1 to 2] 1 dx = 1. For other shifts, like k=1, then h(x)(1 - h(x+1)) would be 1*(1 - h(x+1)) for x in [0,1], but h(x+1) is 0 when x+1 ∈ (1,2], i.e., x ∈ (0,1]. So the integral would be ∫[0,1] 1*(1-0)dx = 1. So for this function, the maximum C5 would be 1, which is worse than the current best. So that's not helpful.

Thus, maybe a more balanced function is better. For example, a function that is 1 over intervals of length 0.5, but that would have integral 0.5*1 + ... Hmm, but the total integral must be 1.

Another idea: the optimal function for the Erdős problem is a step function that is 1 on intervals of length 1/2. Wait, for example, if h is 1 on [0, 0.5] and 0 on [0.5, 1.5], and then 1 on [1.5, 2], that would have integral (0.5*1 + 0.5*1) = 1. But the overlap for shifts may vary. However, this is just an example, and the actual optimal solution might be more complex.

But without knowing, perhaps the previous code's approach of using a random search with perturbations and optimization could be improved by changing the initial guess. If the initial_h_values is from a previous attempt, maybe a better initial guess is available. The code already uses the initial_h_values, so that's good.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the correlation. The code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which returns the correlation at all possible shifts. However, the overlap integral is computed as the maximum of these correlations multiplied by dx. For a 70-point grid, the length of the correlation is 70*2 -1 = 139. But what's the exact way to compute this?

Wait, the dx is 2.0 / n_points. When we compute the correlation, the result is in terms of the original grid points. So to get the integral, you have to multiply the maximum correlation by dx. The previous code does that. So that's correct.

Another possible optimization is to precompute the shifts that are most critical and focus on those. For example, the maximum overlap is likely to occur at certain shifts. So, the objective could be to minimize the maximum over a subset of shifts. But this may not be effective as it's unclear which shifts are critical.

Another approach is to use a different objective function that penalizes the maximum overlap more strongly. However, the current objective is to minimize the maximum, which is correct.

Let me think about the code's current performance. For n_points=70, each iteration involves:

- Generating a perturbed h.

- Using SLSQP to optimize the objective, with constraints.

Each optimization may take a while. So, to speed this up, perhaps reducing the number of iterations or optimizing the parameters.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method that is faster. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a limited-memory version of BFGS and is faster for some problems. Or using a different solver like 'COBYLA' which doesn't require gradient information.

But the previous code uses SLSQP. Maybe adjusting the parameters, like reducing the maximum number of iterations, increasing the number of perturbations.

Another idea: the code currently runs a while loop that continues until the time runs out, but perhaps adding a fixed number of iterations with different perturbations would be better. For example, instead of a continuous loop, doing a fixed number of perturbations each with their own optimization.

Alternatively, using a simulated annealing approach, where the perturbations decrease over time, and the system is allowed to explore more possibilities at higher temperatures.

Another possibility is to use a more efficient way to compute the correlation. For example, using FFT-based convolution, which is faster for large n_points. However, for n_points=70, this might not be necessary, but it's worth checking.

In the code, the current correlation calculation is done with np.correlate, which is straightforward. However, using FFT could be more efficient, especially for larger n_points. For the current code with 70 points, it's probably not a big issue.

Now, thinking about possible code modifications:

1. Increase the number of points to 100. The time budget is 1100 seconds. Let's estimate how much time it would take. Each iteration involves an optimization with SLSQP. If with 70 points, each iteration takes 1 second, then with 1100 seconds, you can do around 1100 iterations. For 100 points, it might take longer, so perhaps the time budget is tighter.

But if the code can handle 100 points within the time, that could help. However, it's a guess. Let's assume that with 100 points, each optimization is about 1.5 seconds, so 1100/1.5 ≈ 733 iterations. That might be feasible.

Alternatively, trying with a higher n_points.

Another idea: the code could be modified to use a different initial guess, for instance, a function with a known structure. For example, if the initial guess is a function that is 1 on intervals that are equally spaced, then it might help. However, without knowing the structure, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, use a genetic algorithm approach. But implementing a genetic algorithm would require more code and could be time-consuming. However, given the time constraints, it might be worth trying.

But since the user's code is in Python and uses existing libraries, perhaps using a different optimization approach would be better.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to handle constraints. For example, in the previous code, the constraint is that the sum of h equals n_points / 2. This is enforced via the constraint_sum function. But when perturbing the h, the code normalizes it to maintain the sum. This is important to ensure feasibility.

Perhaps the code can be modified to allow for more diversity in the perturbations, but ensuring that the sum is maintained.

Another thing to consider is the initial_h_values. If the initial_h_values is a good starting point, then using it could help. For example, if the initial_h_values is a known good solution, then starting from there would be better. But if it's not, then the code might not find a good solution.

Another idea: trying to use a different starting point, such as a function that is 0.5 everywhere, but that's the same as the initial uniform distribution in the code.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initial guess. For example, a function that is designed to have low overlap. For example, a function that is 1 on some intervals and 0 on others, arranged to avoid overlaps when shifted.

But how to construct that? For instance, if the function is 1 on intervals of length 1/2, then shifting by 1/2 would cause overlap. But the exact design is unclear.

In the absence of a known better structure, perhaps sticking with the current approach but making adjustments to the code to improve performance.

Possible code modifications:

- Use a different initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values may be a good one, but perhaps generating a different initial guess could help. For example, using a random permutation of 0.5 and 1.0, but ensuring the sum is correct.

- Adjust the perturbation parameters. Instead of decreasing the noise linearly, maybe using an exponential decay.

- Use a different optimization method. For example, trying the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which doesn't require gradients and may explore the space better.

- Increase the number of iterations. However, the code's loop runs as long as time allows, so it could be that the previous code doesn't run enough iterations because each optimization is time-consuming.

Alternatively, limiting the number of iterations but with more efficient perturbations.

Another modification is to use a more efficient way to perturb the solution. For example, using a larger step initially and then smaller steps, or using a more directed search.

Let me think about code modifications that can be made within the constraints.

The code currently has:

- A while loop that runs until time runs out.

- Each iteration perturbs the current best h with a Gaussian noise, clips it to [0,1], normalizes to maintain the sum.

- Then, runs SLSQP optimization.

To improve this, perhaps:

1. Use a different initial guess. For example, the previous code uses initial_h_values or a uniform. If initial_h_values is available, it's better to use it as the starting point.

2. Vary the perturbation more aggressively, perhaps using different distributions (e.g., uniform instead of Gaussian) for perturbations.

3. Use different optimization methods. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is faster and doesn't need gradients, but may not handle constraints as well. Or using 'SLSQP' with adjusted parameters.

4. Change the way the perturbation is applied. For example, instead of adding noise to the current best solution, maybe generating new random solutions each time, but that could be less efficient.

Another idea: the code uses the same initial_h_values for all perturbations. Maybe changing the initial guess more drastically could help, but without knowing where the optimal solution is, it's hard.

Alternatively, using multiple starting points, such as different initial guesses generated from the initial_h_values.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the code to use a different optimizer, adjust the perturbation parameters, and possibly try different n_points.

Let me consider trying a different optimizer. For example, using 'L-BFGS-B' which is faster. But the problem has constraints. The constraint is the sum of h being fixed. Let's see.

In the previous code, the 'SLSQP' optimizer is used with constraints. The 'L-BFGS-B' method allows box constraints but does not handle equality constraints. Therefore, it can't be used directly. So, the 'SLSQP' is the right choice for handling the equality constraint.

Another idea: during the optimization, the code could use a different strategy for the bounds. For example, allowing some variability in the bounds, but that's not applicable here.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the objective. For example, using vectorized operations instead of loops.

Another possible optimization is to precompute the correlation for all shifts. Wait, the objective function is the maximum of the correlation values. The code computes the correlation once for each h, then takes the max. That's correct.

Another possible issue is the use of the same initial_h_values for all perturbations. The current code updates initial_h to be the best solution, so the perturbations are based on the best solution found so far, which is a good approach.

But perhaps the code can be modified to run more perturbations with different initializations. For example, after finding a good solution, trying to perturb it with larger steps to see if improvement can be found.

Alternatively, the code could be modified to have multiple perturbations in each iteration, not just one. But this may not be necessary.

Another thought: the code could use a different stopping criterion. For example, if the best C5 hasn't improved for a certain number of iterations, the code could terminate early. This would save time.

Putting all this together, here's a plan for the code:

1. Use the same initial_h_values as the previous code.

2. Increase the number of optimization iterations per perturbation, but adjust the number of perturbations to balance exploration and computation time.

3. Adjust the perturbation parameters. Instead of a linear decrease in sigma, use an exponential decrease.

4. Use the 'SLSQP' optimizer with tighter tolerances and more iterations.

5. Possibly adjust the number of points. If using a higher n_points (like 100), it may allow for better solutions, but must ensure the time budget is not exceeded.

Let me think about the code. The previous code uses a fixed n_points=70. Change that to a higher value, like 100, and see.

But how to compute the new dx. The sum(h) * dx = 1 → sum(h) = n_points / 2. So for 100 points, sum(h) = 50.

The code currently has n_points=70. If I change it to 100, the code would have to generate 100 points, which may take longer to compute. But the time budget is 1100 seconds. Let me check if that's feasible.

Assuming each perturbation and optimization takes about 1 second, then with 100 points, the code could run for about 100 iterations, which would take 100 seconds. That's within the budget. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, maybe keeping n_points as 70 but adjusting the perturbation parameters.

Another idea: the previous code uses a small sigma (0.05), which may not be sufficient to explore the space. Maybe increasing the initial sigma to a larger value, and then decreasing it.

Let me modify the code:

- Change the sigma calculation to start with a larger value, like 0.1, and decrease it exponentially.

- Use 'L-BFGS-B' method? No, because the equality constraint is needed.

Another possible change: in the previous code, after each optimization, the best_h is updated. Perhaps this approach is okay, but maybe there's a way to have multiple parallel optimizations or something similar. However, with only one CPU, that's not possible.

Another possible change: using a different way to create the perturbed h. For example, instead of Gaussian perturbation, use a uniform distribution over a larger range, or mix with other strategies.

But without knowing what's better, it's hard to say.

In conclusion, the most promising changes are:

- Adjust the perturbation parameters, using an exponential decay.

- Use a different optimizer, but SLSQP is already used.

- Increase the number of points to 100, but ensure the time is within budget.

So, let's try modifying the code to experiment with a higher n_points, like 100. But need to check time constraints.

Alternatively, keeping n_points=70 but changing the perturbation strategy.

Another thought: the previous code's objective function uses np.correlate, which may be slow for large n_points. To speed this up, perhaps precomputing the shifts and using a faster method. However, for n_points=70, it's manageable.

Thus, the code could be adjusted as follows:

- Change the sigma decay to an exponential decay.

- Increase the number of iterations.

- Use a different way to perturb, like adding a larger initial step.

Let me try writing the code with these changes.

But since the user requires a single code block, and the code must be concise, I need to fit all these changes into the code.

So, the revised code would:

- Use the initial_h_values if available.

- Perturb with a larger initial sigma.

- Use an exponential decay for sigma.

- Keep the SLSQP optimizer.

- Possibly increase the number of iterations.

Another thing: the code's current perturbation is to add a normal distribution with mean 0 and sigma. To make this more effective, perhaps using a larger initial sigma, and then decay.

Here's the plan for the code:

- Define the n_points as 100 for higher resolution.

- Set the initial sigma to 0.1, and decrease it exponentially over time.

- Use the same optimization procedure as before.

But the code has to be within the time budget. Let me think about how to adjust it.

Alternatively, stick with n_points=70 and adjust other parameters.

After considering, here's the modified code:

- Use exponential decay for sigma.

- Use more iterations.

- Possibly use a different starting point.

But in the code, the seed is set once. Also, the initial_h_values is used if available.

In conclusion, the code needs to be modified to use exponential decay in sigma, and possibly increase the number of iterations. Here's the code with those changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 90
    ones_count = n_points // 2
    if 'initial_h_values' in globals():
        initial_h = initial_h_values.copy()
    else:
        initial_h = np.full(n_points, 0.5)
    
    def objective(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * (2.0 / n_points)
    
    def constraint_sum(h):
        return np.sum(h) - ones_count
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0)] * n_points
    best_h = initial_h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(initial_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s:
        # Exponential decay of perturbation
        t = (time.time() - start_time) / budget_s
        sigma = 0.1 * np.exp(-5 * t)
        h_perturbed = initial_h + np.random.normal(0, sigma, n_points)
        h_perturbed = np.clip(h_perturbed, 0.0, 1.0)
        h_perturbed = h_perturbed * (ones_count / np.sum(h_perturbed))
        
        result = minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=h_perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum},
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
            initial_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```