<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by creating a better step function h. The previous code used a random perturbation and SLSQP optimization with 70 points, but got a C₅ of around 0.3809. My goal is to do better than that, maybe get under 0.380876.

Hmm, the strategy mentioned using Fourier-based methods. Let me think about how to approach that. The cross-correlation in the frequency domain is the product of Fourier transforms. So maybe if I design h to have a flat spectrum, the cross-correlation would be minimized? Or maybe control the peaks in the spectrum.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum value of the cross-correlation. So if I can design h such that its Fourier transform and the Fourier transform of (1-h) have a product that's small in the maximum absolute value, that would help. But how to translate that into a time-domain design?

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization approach. The previous code used SLSQP with random perturbations, but maybe that's too local. What if I try a genetic algorithm or some other population-based method? But I have a time budget of 1100 seconds. Genetic algorithms might be slower, so maybe not. Or maybe use a more efficient optimization method.

Wait, the previous code had a 70-point solution. Maybe trying a higher number of points would help, but higher points take more time. For example, 100 points would take more time for each evaluation, but maybe the better solution can be found. However, the user's note says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe 100 points is acceptable. But I need to balance the time.

Another thought: the current approach uses a fixed number of points (n_points =70). Maybe trying different n_points. But since the budget is limited, perhaps stick with 70 or maybe double it to 140? Wait, the previous code tried 70 with a 1100s budget. If I go higher, like 140 points, each iteration would take longer. So maybe stick with 70 points and optimize the algorithm better.

Alternatively, think about the constraints. The sum of h must be n_points / 2. So for 70 points, that's 35. The initial h was 0.5 for all. But maybe a better initial guess is needed. The previous code used initial_h_values if available. So if initial_h_values is provided, use it. Otherwise, start with 0.5s.

But maybe the initial_h_values is not the best starting point. So perhaps generating a better initial guess would help. For example, using a pattern like 0s and 1s arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. But how?

Alternatively, think about the problem as a covering problem. The function h(x) should be such that when shifted, the overlap between h and (1-h) is minimized. So maybe h should be periodic or have some symmetry.

Wait, maybe using a binary function. But the problem allows h to be a step function, which could be binary (0 or 1), but the constraints require the integral to be 1. For example, with 70 points, if we have 35 ones and 35 zeros, then the integral is 35*(1) * dx = 35*(2/70) = 1, which satisfies the constraint. So maybe a binary function is a good starting point.

But the previous code uses continuous values between 0 and 1. Maybe the optimal solution has binary values. But why? Because if h is binary, the overlap would be the integral of h*(1-h) shifted, which is the number of overlaps between the binary regions. However, the problem is about max_k, so perhaps arranging the binary regions to avoid overlapping when shifted.

For example, if the function is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart, such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. But how to arrange that?

Alternatively, think of the problem as a graph where each shift k leads to a certain overlap. But I'm not sure.

Back to the Fourier approach. Let me think again. The cross-correlation between h and (1-h) can be expressed as the inverse Fourier transform of the product of the Fourier transforms of h and the conjugate of (1-h). So if we can design h such that this product is flat, then the inverse transform would be flat, leading to small maximum values. However, since we're dealing with real signals, the cross-correlation is real and symmetric.

But how to model this in practice? Let me try to think about the Fourier coefficients. Suppose we compute the Fourier transform of h, H(f), and the Fourier transform of (1-h), let's call it F(f). Then the cross-correlation is the inverse Fourier transform of H(f) * F*(f) (since it's the conjugate for real signals). Wait, the cross-correlation of h and (1-h) is the same as the convolution of h with (1-h) reversed. But the Fourier transform of cross-correlation is the product of the Fourier transforms. So the maximum value of the cross-correlation corresponds to the maximum of the inverse Fourier transform of H(f) * F*(f).

To minimize the maximum value, ideally, the product H(f) * F*(f) should be as flat as possible. But how to achieve that? For example, if h is designed such that H(f) and F(f) are orthogonal or have certain relationships. However, this seems abstract.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum value, perhaps we can model it as a spectral design problem. For instance, design h so that the product of its Fourier transform and the Fourier transform of (1-h) is minimized in the L-infinity norm.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem. Maybe that's too abstract. Perhaps I can use a gradient-based optimizer to adjust h in the time domain, while enforcing the sum constraint.

The previous code tried using SLSQP with perturbations. Maybe that's not efficient. What if we use a different optimization method, like a coordinate descent, or use a more advanced optimizer with better convergence?

Another idea: because the cross-correlation is a convolution, maybe using multiple constraints to enforce that the cross-correlation values are minimized. However, this might lead to a non-convex optimization problem, which is hard.

Alternatively, perhaps I can use a particle swarm optimization (PSO) or similar metaheuristic, which can explore the solution space more effectively. But PSO might be slow given the time constraints.

Wait, the previous code's budget is 1100 seconds. Let's see: for 70 points, each evaluation with np.correlate is O(n^2), which for 70 is manageable. But with multiple iterations, the time can add up. Maybe I can speed up the process by using a lower number of iterations but better initial guesses.

Another thought: instead of starting from random perturbations, maybe use a better initial guess. For example, if initial_h_values is available, use it. If not, create a structured initial guess. For example, place the 1s and 0s in a pattern that spreads out the points to minimize overlap when shifted.

For instance, arranging the ones in a non-overlapping way. For example, if the function is 1 on intervals spaced apart. For example, for 70 points, if we have 35 ones, arrange them such that they are spread out as much as possible. Maybe using a binary sequence that's as spread out as possible, like alternating 1 and 0, but with possible overlaps.

But how to generate such a sequence? For example, if the function is 1 for x in [0, 0.5), [1, 1.5), etc., but that's continuous. In the discrete case, maybe distribute the 1s in a periodic pattern. For example, placing a 1 every other point. However, for 70 points, that would be 35 1s and 35 0s, alternated. But would that minimize the overlap?

Alternatively, maybe placing the 1s in a way that when shifted by any k, the overlap is minimized. For example, using a binary sequence with maximum possible distance between 1s. But designing such a sequence is equivalent to a code with certain distance properties.

Wait, this is similar to a binary code with certain autocorrelation properties. For example, in coding theory, binary codes with low autocorrelation are used. But perhaps designing a binary sequence with low cross-correlation between the signal and its complement.

But how to do that? Let me think. The signal h is binary (0 and 1), and we want that for any shift k, the number of overlaps between h and (1-h) is minimized. For a binary h, the overlap integral would be the number of positions where h(x) is 1 and (1-h(x+k)) is 1, which is the same as the number of positions where h(x) is 1 and h(x+k) is 0. So, it's the number of overlaps between the 1s of h and the 0s of h shifted by k.

This is equivalent to the cross-correlation of h with the negation of h. So, for binary sequences, this is the same as the number of positions where the original and shifted sequences differ. So maximizing this would minimize the overlap.

Wait, the cross-correlation of h with (1-h) would be the number of positions where h(x) is 1 and (1 - h(x +k )) is 1, which is the number of positions where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. So, to minimize the maximum value over k, we need the binary sequence h to have as few overlaps as possible with any shifted version of itself.

This seems like a problem related to binary sequences with optimal cross-correlation. These are known in signal processing and coding theory. For example, Barker codes have optimal autocorrelation properties, but they are for autocorrelation, not cross-correlation. However, maybe similar principles can be applied.

If I can construct a binary sequence of length n_points (which is 70) with minimal cross-correlation with itself, then that would be a good candidate. However, for cross-correlation with the complement, it's a bit different. Let me think.

Alternatively, think of the problem as designing a binary sequence where the overlap between the sequence and its shifted complement is minimized. Since the complement of h is (1 - h), then the cross-correlation between h and (1 - h) is the same as the number of overlaps.

If the sequence h is designed to have minimal correlation with its shifts, then this would be a good solution. However, I'm not sure on the specifics.

But perhaps using a known binary sequence with low cross-correlation. For example, a de Bruijn sequence or similar. However, generating such a sequence for n_points=70 might be challenging.

Alternatively, use a greedy approach: start with some initial arrangement of 1s and then iteratively adjust them to minimize the maximum overlap.

But with the time constraints, maybe it's better to stick to an optimization approach but improve the parameters.

Let me look back at the previous code. It uses SLSQP with random perturbations. Maybe the issue is that it's getting stuck in local minima. To avoid that, perhaps use a different initial guess. Also, maybe the optimization method can be improved. For example, using a higher level of precision, or adjusting the constraints.

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is computed by np.correlate, which for the full mode gives output of length 2n_points - 1. But for the maximum value, the peak might occur near the center. So maybe the optimization can focus on reducing the peak in that region.

Alternatively, perhaps the objective function can be modified to penalize the maximum peak, but the current code uses the max of the correlation.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (70) and a fixed initial guess. If the initial guess is good, then the optimization might converge faster. However, if initial_h_values is provided, it's better to use it. But perhaps generating a better initial guess could lead to better results.

So, perhaps generating a binary sequence with a certain structure, like a periodic pattern. For example, a sequence that, when shifted, overlaps with itself as little as possible.

For instance, in the case of 70 points, 35 ones. Let me try to think of an arrangement. For example, placing a 1 every other point. That would give 35 ones. Then, shifting by 1 would overlap half of the ones and zeros. But the overlap would be 35/2, which is 17.5. However, with this pattern, the cross-correlation maximum might be higher. Alternatively, a more spread-out pattern.

Alternatively, using a base-2 expansion. For example, arranging the 1s in such a way that for any shift, the number of overlaps is minimized. This might be complex, but perhaps for a small n_points, it's manageable.

But how to implement this in code? Maybe using a recursive approach or some pattern generation.

Alternatively, maybe generate a binary sequence with 1s placed as evenly as possible. For example, using a modulo approach. For each position i, h[i] is 1 if i mod floor(70/35) == 0, but that might not distribute the 1s well.

Wait, for 70 points and 35 ones, the distance between consecutive 1s would be 2 (since 70/35=2). So, placing 1s every other point. However, this would result in a periodic pattern with period 2. The cross-correlation for shifts by 1 would have a certain value. Let's compute this.

For example, suppose the initial sequence is [1, 0, 1, 0, ..., 1, 0]. Then, shifting by 1 would give [0, 1, 0, 1, ...], and the overlap would be the number of positions where the original has 1 and the shifted has 0. In this case, each 1 in the original is aligned with a 0 in the shifted sequence. Since the original has 35 1s and the shifted has 35 0s, the overlap would be 35. However, the length of the cross-correlation is 70*2-1=139. So the maximum value might be higher than 35.

Wait, the integral is computed as the discrete sum multiplied by dx. For the binary case, with 35 ones, the integral would be 35*dx. But the cross-correlation would be when you slide h over (1-h). For the initial binary pattern, the cross-correlation would have a peak when h and (1-h) are aligned. For example, when k=0, the integral would be sum(h(x) * (1 - h(x))) = sum(1*0 for 1s and 0*1 for 0s) = 0. So that's not the peak. The peak would be when the shifted sequence has as many overlapping 1s and 0s.

Wait, the overlap integral is max over k of the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k )) dx. For the binary sequence, this is the maximum number of positions where h has a 1 and the shifted h has a 0. For the alternating pattern, when k=1, the shifted h would be 0s and 1s. The overlap between h and shifted (1-h) would be the number of positions where h has 1 and (1-h shifted) has 1. Which is the number of positions where h has 1 and the h shifted has 0. For the alternating sequence, when you shift by 1, the shifted h would be [0, 1, 0, ...], so the overlap between h and (1-h shifted) is the number of positions where h is 1 and (1 - h shifted) is 1. Which is the same as the number of positions where h is 1 and h shifted is 0. For the alternating pattern, this would be 50% of the positions, but the exact number depends on the shift.

But perhaps this approach isn't optimal. Maybe there's a better way to arrange the 1s.

Alternatively, think of the problem as finding a binary sequence with 35 ones, such that the maximum cross-correlation (number of overlapping 1s and 0s) is minimized. This is equivalent to minimizing the maximum number of overlaps for any shift. This seems related to the concept of a "balanced" binary sequence with low autocorrelation.

Unfortunately, I don't know of a direct method to generate such a sequence, but maybe for 70 points, trial and error could work. However, with limited time, maybe using an optimization approach is better.

So, back to the code. Maybe the previous code could be improved by:

1. Using a different initial guess. For example, starting with a better binary pattern.
2. Using a more efficient optimization method, perhaps with a different solver.
3. Adjusting the parameters of the optimization (like learning rate, number of iterations, etc.).
4. Using a more effective search strategy, like random restarts or a hybrid of local search and global search.

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed n_points of 70. Maybe trying a larger or smaller n_points could be better. For example, if n_points is doubled to 140, maybe the solution is better, but the time might be tight. However, the user's note says that smaller sequences are preferred. So perhaps 70 is acceptable.

Alternatively, maybe using a lower n_points, like 50, but I'm not sure if that would help. For example, with fewer points, the correlation could be more spread out.

Another thing: the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which for two arrays of size n_points gives a result of size 2n_points -1. The maximum value is taken from this array. So, the objective function is computing the maximum of all these values, which is what we want to minimize.

But maybe the code is not exploring the parameter space efficiently. For example, the random perturbations might not be sufficient. Maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach or some other surrogate model would be better, but that would require more code complexity and time.

Alternatively, use a different optimizer, like COBYLA, or a particle swarm optimizer, which might handle the constraints better.

But given the time, perhaps a more efficient approach is to use the existing method but optimize the hyperparameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the perturbation magnitude.

Alternatively, maybe using a better initial guess. Since the current code uses initial_h_values if available, perhaps using a better initial guess based on some structured pattern.

For example, if initial_h_values is provided, it might be a good starting point. But if not, perhaps generating a better initial guess. For example, placing the 1s in a way that minimizes the initial overlap.

Another idea: the problem is to minimize the maximum of the integral, so perhaps the solution is to have h as a set of non-overlapping intervals when shifted. For example, a set of 35 intervals of length 2/n_points each, spaced out. But how to implement that?

Alternatively, consider that the function h(x) is a step function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere. To minimize overlap when shifted, these intervals should be spaced in such a way that when shifted, they do not overlap with the original.

But this is similar to a covering problem. For example, each interval should be placed such that when shifted by any k, they don't overlap with the original.

But this seems difficult, especially for continuous x over [0,2]. So for discrete samples, perhaps arranging the 1s in such a way that they are as spread out as possible.

In the case of 70 samples and 35 1s, arranging them every other sample would give the maximum distance. But this leads to high overlap when shifted by 1. However, if we can arrange the 1s in a more staggered manner, perhaps the overlap would be minimized.

But how to do that programmatically? Maybe using a pattern where the 1s are spaced periodically with some offset.

Alternatively, think of the 1s as being placed on a grid. For example, for n_points=70, arrange the 1s at positions that are as evenly spaced as possible. For example, for 35 ones, spacing them at intervals of 2 units (since total length is 2). But this would be the same as the alternating pattern.

Alternatively, think of the problem as placing the 1s such that the distance between any two 1s is as large as possible. This is similar to the problem of evenly distributing points on a line.

In that case, the positions of the 1s would be at the midpoints between the zeros. However, this might not directly help with the cross-correlation.

Overall, perhaps the optimal approach is to stick with the existing code but make some modifications to improve it.

Possible changes to the previous code:

1. Use a different optimizer, like SLSQP with early stopping or adaptive parameters.
2. Use a larger number of initial perturbations, or more iterations.
3. Adjust the learning rate or perturbation magnitude.
4. Use a different initial guess, if available.

Alternatively, use a gradient descent approach with a different step size.

Alternatively, try different numbers of points. For example, 100 points might allow for better spacing. Let's say I try n_points=100. Then, the sum should be 50. But the time budget is 1100 seconds. How many iterations can I afford?

For example, if each iteration takes 0.5 seconds, then 2200 iterations are possible. But with a higher n_points, each evaluation of the objective function takes longer. So, maybe n_points=70 is better.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values as a starting point, but perturb it in a way that preserves the sum constraint. For example, adding a random perturbation and then scaling to maintain the sum.

The previous code uses a perturbation of a normal distribution and then scales to the sum. Maybe instead of normal, use uniform or some other distribution. Or adjust the sigma.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed 'sigma' that decreases over time. Maybe that's not optimal. Perhaps adjusting the sigma dynamically based on the progress.

Alternatively, use a more effective optimization method. For example, use the BFGS method instead of SLSQP, which might converge faster.

But the main issue is that the previous code may be getting stuck in local minima. So, perhaps using a multi-start approach, where multiple initial guesses are tried, and the best solution is selected.

But with the time budget, it's challenging to do. So, perhaps the code can be modified to run multiple random restarts and track the best solution.

In the previous code, the while loop runs until time is up, and in each iteration, it generates a perturbation, optimizes, and updates the best solution. But perhaps the number of iterations is limited by the time.

So, to improve, maybe increase the number of iterations or the time for each iteration.

Alternatively, switch to a different optimization library, like scipy.optimize.minimize with different methods, like L-BFGS-B or COBYLA.

Another thing: the current code checks for success in the optimization result. If the result is not successful, it ignores it. But what if we can improve the optimization by adjusting the parameters?

Also, the constraints are an equality constraint (sum of h must be n_points/2). The previous code ensures this by scaling the perturbed h. However, this could lead to large values or violations if the sum is not maintained. Maybe the scaling is done correctly?

In the previous code, after adding the normal perturbation, the code scales the h_perturbed to have the same sum as the target. This is done by multiplying by (ones_count / np.sum(h_perturbed)). This should maintain the sum, but maybe the scaling introduces inaccuracies due to floating-point operations.

Alternatively, use a more precise way to ensure the sum is correct.

Overall, perhaps the following changes can be made:

- Use a better initial guess, like the initial_h_values if available.
- Use a different optimization method, like L-BFGS-B or COBYLA.
- Increase the number of iterations or the time allocated for optimization.
- Adjust the perturbation and scaling to avoid getting stuck in local minima.

But without testing, it's hard to say. Given the time constraints, perhaps modifying the previous code to use a different optimizer and adjust parameters may help.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to handle the objective function. For example, precomputing the correlation values or using vectorized operations.

Wait, the objective function is computed as np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full'). The max of this is taken as the C₅ value. However, for large n_points, the correlation is expensive. But with n_points=70, it's manageable.

Alternatively, precompute the 1 - h and cache it.

But the main issue is the optimization. So, perhaps trying a different optimizer.

In the previous code, the method is 'SLSQP', which is a sequential least squares programming method. Maybe using 'L-BFGS-B' which is a quasi-Newton method with bounds, but it may not handle constraints well.

Wait, the constraints are an equality constraint, so using L-BFGS-B may not be suitable because it doesn't handle equality constraints. The SLSQP method is more appropriate for this case.

Alternatively, use the 'SLSQP' method with a better setup.

Another idea: in the previous code, the initial_h is updated to the result.x after each successful optimization. This may lead to a path of improvements. However, if the initial_h is not leading to a good solution, it may get stuck. So, perhaps using multiple independent optimization runs with different initial perturbations would help.

But again, with the time budget, this may be challenging.

In conclusion, the plan is to modify the existing code by:

- Using a better initial guess.
- Adjusting the perturbation strategy.
- Modifying the optimizer parameters.
- Possibly using a different optimizer method.
- Exploring multiple initial guesses to avoid local optima.

Now, let me try to implement these changes in code.

First, using the existing initial_h_values if available. Then, for the initial guess, perhaps generate a binary sequence with 1s spaced out as much as possible. However, generating that is non-trivial. Alternatively, use a binary sequence generated by a simple pattern, like alternating 1 and 0, but then try to optimize from there.

But if initial_h_values is available, perhaps that's the best starting point.

Another thing: the current code uses a normal distribution for perturbation. Maybe using a uniform distribution could help in some cases.

Additionally, the sigma decreases over time. Maybe allowing a larger sigma initially to explore the space more, and then smaller later.

In code, the sigma is computed as 0.05 * (1 - (time.time() - start_time) / budget_s). This means that as time passes, the perturbation decreases.

But perhaps this is too aggressive. Maybe the sigma should decrease smoothly. Or maybe use a different schedule.

Another change: increase the number of iterations per optimization. Or adjust the maximum number of iterations in the minimize function.

Also, the options in the minimize function include 'maxiter', which is set to 500. Maybe increasing this would help, but it may take more time.

Putting this together, here's a revised approach:

- Use the initial_h_values if available, or start with a uniform 0.5.
- Perturb the initial guess with a larger sigma initially, then reduce it over time.
- Use SLSQP as the optimizer.
- Increase the number of iterations per optimization step.
- Track the best solution found during the process.

Now, translating this into code.

The previous code has a while loop that runs until time is up. In each iteration, it generates a new perturbed initial guess, optimizes it, and updates the best solution.

To improve, perhaps adjust the perturbation parameters. For example, start with a larger sigma.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the initial_h each time, perhaps use a different perturbation strategy, like adding a small random noise and adjusting the sum.

But I'll proceed to write the code with these changes.

In the previous code, the initial_h is updated after each successful optimization. This may lead to a path towards better solutions. However, if the initial guesses are poor, this may not work.

So, the code could be adjusted to use a different sigma schedule, and possibly more iterations.

Another thing: the current code uses a while loop that runs as long as time is within budget. But perhaps, instead of a while loop, use a fixed number of iterations, but this may not be efficient.

In any case, the code needs to be adjusted. Let me try to write the code with these changes.

The modified code may look like this:

- Use a changed perturbation sigma schedule.
- Adjust the optimizer options, like increasing maxiter.
- Maybe use a different initial guess if available.

But since the initial_h_values is provided, we can use that. Otherwise, use a uniform 0.5.

Also, to avoid the optimization getting stuck, may try more random initial points.

In the previous code, the initial_h is updated after each successful optimization. This may lead to a gradient-like path towards a solution. However, if the solution is a local optimum, it may not find a better one.

Thus, perhaps the code should run multiple optimizations with different initial points, and select the best one.

But with the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, use a larger sigma early on to explore more of the search space.

In code, the sigma may be adjusted to start larger and decrease over time. For example:

sigma = 0.1 * (1 - (time.time()-start_time)/budget_s)

But this is just an example.

Overall, the code is adjusted to use a better perturbation schedule, possibly different optimizer settings, and other parameter tweaks.

Now, implementing this in code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 70
    ones_count = n_points // 2
    if 'initial_h_values' in globals():
        initial_h = initial_h_values.copy()
    else:
        initial_h = np.full(n_points, 0.5)
    
    def objective(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * (2.0 / n_points)
    
    def constraint_sum(h):
        return np.sum(h) - ones_count
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0)] * n_points
    best_h = initial_h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(initial_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    iterations = 0
    max_iter = 5000
    
    while iterations < max_iter and time.time() - start_time < budget_s:
        sigma = 0.2 * (1 - (iterations / max_iter))
        h_perturbed = initial_h + np.random.normal(0, sigma, n_points)
        h_perturbed = np.clip(h_perturbed, 0.0, 1.0)
        h_perturbed = h_perturbed * (ones_count / np.sum(h_perturbed))
        
        result = minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=h_perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum},
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
            initial_h = result.x
            iterations += 1
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```