<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a local search with SLSQP, but maybe I can do better with a different approach. The user mentioned a Fourier-based method, so maybe that's the way to go.

First, I remember that the cross-correlation in the frequency domain is the product of the Fourier transforms. So, if I can design h such that the product of its Fourier transform and the conjugate of (1 - h)'s Fourier transform has low maximum values, that would minimize the overlap. But how do I translate that into an optimization problem?

The current approach uses a time-domain optimization with random perturbations and SLSQP. Maybe a frequency-domain approach could help. Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm or another optimization technique that's better suited for this problem. But considering the time budget, maybe a combination of Fourier analysis and optimization could work.

Wait, the user suggested a Fourier-based method. Let me think. The cross-correlation is essentially the convolution of h and 1-h, but flipped. The maximum value of this cross-correlation corresponds to the maximum overlap. So, to minimize this maximum, perhaps I need to make the Fourier transform of h and (1 - h) such that their product has minimal peaks. However, since we're dealing with real functions, the cross-correlation's magnitude would be related to the product of the Fourier transforms.

But how do I model this? Maybe instead of directly optimizing in the time domain, I can optimize the Fourier coefficients. However, since h is constrained to be between 0 and 1, the Fourier coefficients aren't independent. Plus, the constraint that the integral of h is 1 adds another layer. This might be complicated.

Alternatively, perhaps I can use the fact that minimizing the maximum cross-correlation is similar to making the function h as "spread out" as possible. So maybe a periodic function with certain properties could help. But how to translate that into a construction?

Another idea: the previous code used a certain number of points (n_points=70) and a simple initial guess. Maybe increasing the number of points could help, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. Wait, the user's previous example used 70 points. Maybe starting with a higher n_points could allow better optimization, but the budget is limited. So maybe keeping n_points around 200-300 would be better. Wait, the user says "smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred". So 70 is okay, but maybe trying a different initial guess?

Alternatively, maybe use a different optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP with random perturbations. Perhaps a more global optimization method, like a genetic algorithm, could escape local minima. However, genetic algorithms can be slow. Maybe using a combination of strategies: start with a good initial guess, then perform a local search with a more efficient method.

Wait, the user's goal is to find a better C₅ bound than 0.38085. The previous result was 0.380919. So the target is to get lower than that. Maybe the initial guess is good, but the local search isn't exploring enough. Perhaps the perturbations are not sufficient, or the optimization parameters need adjustment.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed n_points=70. Maybe trying a different n_points, such as 200, could allow for better optimization. But with a 1100-second budget, maybe that's feasible. However, the user's example used 70, so perhaps a similar approach but with more points?

Wait, the problem says "smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred - they are faster to optimize and evaluate." So using 70 or 100 points would be better. Let me check the previous code's n_points. It's 70. Maybe that's the best point.

But how to improve upon the previous code? Maybe using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimizer like differential evolution could find better solutions. However, differential evolution might be slower, but with careful parameter tuning, it might find better results.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to search the parameter space more efficiently. But implementing that might be complicated.

Another idea: the cross-correlation is maximized over k. So maybe the function h should be designed to have minimal overlap with its shifted versions. This is similar to designing a function that is optimally spread out. For example, a function that is piecewise constant with certain intervals, designed to minimize overlaps.

Maybe the initial guess could be a better starting point. The user's code uses the initial_h_values if available. So using that as a starting point is good. But perhaps the initial_h_values could be modified.

Wait, the previous code starts with initial_h_values (n=70), which might be a good starting point. So perhaps the optimization can be improved by adjusting the parameters of the local search, like the step size, the number of iterations, or using different constraints.

Wait, in the previous code, the initial_h is set to 0.5, but the initial_h_values might be better. So using the initial_h_values as the starting point is good.

But maybe the optimization could be improved by using a different method. For example, using a more robust optimization algorithm. Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with a better learning rate schedule.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first perform a global search with random perturbations, then refine with a local method.

Another thing: the previous code uses a while loop with a time budget, and in each iteration, generates a perturbed h, then optimizes it. Maybe this could be improved by using a more efficient way to generate initial points for the optimizer, or by combining multiple optimization steps.

Another thing to consider is the constraint. The constraint is that the sum of h is n_points / 2. The previous code enforces this via a constraint in the minimize function. That's correct.

But how about the objective function? The objective is to minimize the maximum cross-correlation. The cross-correlation is calculated as np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full'). The length of this array depends on the mode. For mode 'full', the length is 2n_points - 1. Then the maximum value is taken, and multiplied by dx (2.0 / n_points). The previous code uses this approach.

So the previous code's objective function is correct.

Now, to improve this, perhaps trying different optimization strategies, such as using a genetic algorithm, or a more efficient local search, or adjusting the parameters of the existing method.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing method. For example, using a different optimization method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, or the BFGS method with constraints. Or using a more efficient way to handle the initial perturbations.

Wait, in the previous code, the initial_h is the initial guess, and in each iteration, a perturbed version is created and optimized. But maybe the perturbation step could be adjusted. Instead of adding random normal noise, perhaps using a different perturbation strategy, like perturbing certain regions of the signal.

Alternatively, using a better initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values might have a certain structure that can be exploited.

Another thought: the cross-correlation is maximized for certain shifts. So, if the function h is designed such that it has minimal overlap with shifted versions of itself, that would lower C₅. For example, a function that has peaks separated by certain distances. Maybe constructing h as a piecewise function with intervals of 1/3 or similar.

But how to translate that into code?

Alternatively, using a Fourier-based approach to design h. For example, constructing h such that its Fourier transform is flat, which would minimize the cross-correlation. However, the function h is constrained to be between 0 and 1, so this may not be straightforward.

Wait, the cross-correlation maximum is related to the energy of the product of the Fourier transforms. So, to minimize the maximum value, we want to spread out the energy of h and 1-h in such a way that their product has minimal peaks.

But designing this in the time domain is challenging. So perhaps using an optimization that directly targets the constraint on the cross-correlation.

But given the complexity, maybe the best approach is to refine the existing code with better optimization parameters. For example, using the COBYLA method from scipy.optimize, which handles bounds and constraints well. Or using a different initial perturbation strategy.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations, but maybe varying the perturbation step size over time. For example, starting with larger steps to explore the space and then reducing steps for finer optimization.

Alternatively, using a global optimization method like differential evolution. For example, using scipy.optimize.differential_evolution. However, this might require more time, but perhaps it can find better solutions.

But with the given time budget of 1100 seconds, using differential evolution might be feasible. Let's think: differential evolution has parameters like population size, generations, etc. For 70 points, each evaluation is O(n_points^2), which for 70 points is manageable.

But the initial code uses a while loop with multiple iterations of perturbations. Maybe it's better to use differential evolution directly. However, the current problem is that the objective function is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation. But how to handle the constraints?

Alternatively, use the SLSQP method with better parameter tuning. For example, increasing the maxiter, adjusting the tolerance, or using a more efficient line search.

Another thing: in the previous code, after optimizing, the result is used to update the initial_h for the next iteration. This could potentially lead to a better solution over time. However, if the perturbations are too small, it might not explore enough.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess. For example, a construction where the function h is piecewise constant with certain intervals.

But how to generate that? Maybe using a grid-based approach. For example, dividing the interval [0, 2] into m intervals and setting h to 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, ensuring the area is 1. However, this is a binary problem, which might be too restrictive. But maybe a better approximation.

However, given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the existing code. Let me think about modifying the previous code.

In the previous code, the initial_h is set to 0.5, but if initial_h_values exists, it's used. So using that as the starting point is good. The objective function is correct.

Maybe the main issue is the optimization method. The SLSQP method might get stuck in local minima. Perhaps using a different local optimizer, like L-BFGS-B, which can handle bounds, but requires gradient information. However, the objective function here is differentiable, so gradients could be computed.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, the Powell method, or the COBYLA method, which doesn't require gradients.

Another thing: the previous code runs for the entire budget, but perhaps it's better to allocate more time to the optimization. However, the user has a fixed budget.

Wait, the previous code has a while loop that runs while the time is under the budget. Each iteration generates a perturbed h and optimizes it. Maybe the problem is that the perturbations are too small, leading to limited exploration. Perhaps using larger perturbations initially and then decreasing them over time.

Alternatively, use a random restart strategy, where multiple different initial points are tried with the optimizer, and the best result is kept.

But how to implement this within the time budget. For example, instead of doing many perturbations, doing fewer but more diverse ones.

Another idea: the initial code uses a fixed sigma for the perturbations. Maybe adjusting sigma over time. For example, starting with a larger sigma to encourage exploration, then decreasing it to focus on exploitation.

In the previous code, sigma is adjusted as sigma = 0.05 * (1 - t/budget). So, sigma decreases over time, which is good for moving from exploration to exploitation.

But perhaps the perturbation is not sufficient. Maybe adding more perturbations or varying them could help.

Alternatively, use a different initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values may have a structure that's not optimal, but starting from it and optimizing is better than starting from random.

Another thing to consider is the constraints handling. The current code uses an equality constraint for the sum. This is correct, as the sum of h must be exactly n_points/2.

But perhaps the constraints could be enforced more effectively. For example, after each optimization step, the h values are normalized to ensure the sum is correct. The code does that by scaling h_perturbed by (ones_count / np.sum(h_perturbed)).

But this may cause some numerical issues if the sum is very small. However, the code clips the values to [0,1], so the sum is always non-zero.

Maybe this is a good approach. Now, to enhance the existing code, perhaps adjusting the optimization parameters, such as increasing the maxiter in the minimize function or using different methods.

Another thing to try: using the 'SLSQP' method with a more aggressive tolerance. However, the previous code has ftol=1e-8 and eps=1e-8, which is very tight. Maybe relaxing these could allow faster convergence, but may not find better solutions.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, like 'Nelder-Mead', which doesn't require gradients. But Nelder-Mead is less efficient for high-dimensional problems.

Alternatively, using a more efficient initial guess. If the initial_h_values is a good starting point, perhaps starting with that and only perturbing when necessary.

But given the time, perhaps the main improvement is to use a different optimization strategy. Let me think of another approach.

The current code uses a loop where each iteration perturbs the initial guess and optimizes. Maybe instead of doing this, it's better to run a single optimization with a good initial guess, using more iterations. But that might not be sufficient.

Alternatively, combining multiple optimization methods. For example, first perform a global search with a genetic algorithm, then refine with a local method.

But given the code's complexity and time constraints, perhaps the best way is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method. For example, using the 'COBYLA' method which handles bounds and constraints.

Wait, the current code uses 'SLSQP', which is suitable for equality and inequality constraints. COBYLA is also suitable but may be slower. Let's see.

Alternatively, trying the 'SLSQP' method with better parameters.

Another idea: the cross-correlation is the maximum over all shifts. The current code uses np.correlate, which computes the full cross-correlation. But maybe the maximum is over certain k. For example, only the k that corresponds to shifts within the interval [0, 2]. However, in the discretization, the shifts could be up to n_points -1.

But the cross-correlation already accounts for all possible shifts, so the code is correct.

Another possible improvement is to precompute the possible k values that could contribute to the maximum. However, this might not be necessary.

Another thought: since the cross-correlation is maximized for some k, maybe the maximum occurs when k is small. However, I can't be sure. So the current approach is correct.

In summary, the main idea is to enhance the existing code's optimization process. Perhaps using a different optimizer, adjusting parameters, or improving the perturbation strategy.

Given that, here's a plan:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Use a more efficient optimization method, like 'L-BFGS-B' which can handle bounds and constraints.
3. Adjust the perturbation strategy to allow for more exploration initially and then fine-tuning.
4. Use a larger number of iterations or adjust the parameters to allow for better convergence.

But how to implement this in code?

The previous code uses 'SLSQP' with a while loop. To try a different optimizer, perhaps replace it with 'L-BFGS-B' or 'COBYLA'. However, these methods might need gradients.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations and better tolerance.

Wait, the previous code's minimize call has options {'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-8}. Maybe increasing maxiter could help.

But to speed up the code, perhaps reduce some parameters or use a different method.

Alternatively, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which doesn't require gradients but may be slower.

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to perturb the initial points. Instead of adding normal noise, maybe using a different distribution or a more structured perturbation.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to adjust the previous code's optimization parameters and method.

Let me think about implementing the following changes:

- Use the 'SLSQP' method with increased maxiter and better tolerance.
- Instead of using random perturbations, perhaps use a better initialization strategy.
- Use a more efficient perturbation strategy, such as adding noise but ensuring certain variance.

Alternatively, to reduce the number of iterations in the while loop and use a better optimizer.

Another Idea: Since the objective function is to minimize the maximum cross-correlation, perhaps the problem can be transformed into a constrained optimization problem where the cross-correlation is minimized for all shifts. However, since it's a max over k, it's a non-convex problem, and optimization is challenging.

But with the current approach, the code is doing a decent job, but perhaps with adjustments.

Another possible improvement: using the previous best solution as the new initial guess for the next iteration, which is what the code already does. But maybe increasing the number of iterations in the while loop.

However, given that the user's code already has a while loop with a time budget, perhaps the main problem is the optimization method's performance.

So, here's the plan: use the existing code structure but replace the SLSQP optimizer with a more efficient method, perhaps COBYLA which handles bounds well.

Wait, the code currently uses SLSQP. Let's try to adjust the optimizer.

But COBYLA requires the same constraints. Let me think.

Alternatively, try using the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations, but I think that's already in the code.

Another thought: perhaps the constraint is not tight enough. The code enforces sum(h) = n_points / 2, which is correct.

Alternatively, the code could use a different starting point. For example, the initial_h_values might have a better structure than the random guess.

In the previous code, the initial_h is set to initial_h_values if available, otherwise 0.5. So that's good.

Another thing to consider: the code runs for the entire budget, but maybe allocating more time to each optimization iteration.

In the current code, the while loop runs as long as time is under budget. Each iteration does a random perturbation, then optimizes. However, perhaps spending more time on each optimization.

But the previous code has a fixed number of iterations. For example, the 'maxiter' in the minimize call is 500, which might not be sufficient.

Alternative plan: Instead of checking time in the while loop, allow the optimizer to run for a fixed number of iterations. But since the budget is fixed, this might not be better.

Alternatively, use a single optimization run with a good initial guess and more iterations. But the previous code does multiple runs with perturbations.

In any case, the main code structure is likely to be similar, but with some adjustments.

Given that, I think the best way to proceed is to adjust the optimization parameters, perhaps use a different optimizer, and adjust the perturbation strategy.

So, modifying the previous code:

- Replace the 'SLSQP' method with 'L-BFGS-B' or another method.
- Increase the 'maxiter' parameter.
- Adjust the perturbation strategy to have larger steps initially.

Let me try to implement this in code. However, the code must be concise and fit within the 300-line limit.

Another thing to note is that the previous code uses 'eps' and 'ftol' as 1e-8. Maybe these can be relaxed to allow for faster convergence.

But here's the plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values if available.
- Use a different optimizer, like 'L-BFGS-B' which can handle bounds.
- Perturb the initial guess with random noise.
- Adjust the parameters to allow for more iterations.
- Use a while loop with time budget.
- Normalize the perturbed h to maintain sum constraint.

But I need to code this in Python, using scipy.optimize.

Let me write the code step by step.

First, import the necessary modules.

Then, define the 'run' function. It takes seed, budget_s, and other kwargs. The initial_h_values is available if it exists.

Inside 'run', set the seed, then determine n_points. The previous code uses n_points=70. Maybe keeping it the same.

Then, define the objective function as before.

The constraint is the sum of h equals ones_count.

Define bounds as [(0.0, 1.0)] * n_points.

Then, in the while loop, generate perturbed h, normalize, and optimize.

But to change the optimizer, replace the 'SLSQP' with 'L-BFGS-B', which requires the bounds, but doesn't have equality constraints. Wait, the constraints are handled via the equality constraint. However, 'L-BFGS-B' doesn't handle equality constraints directly. So perhaps it's better to use 'SLSQP'.

Alternatively, use a different method. But for now, let's proceed with 'SLSQP'.

Another idea: instead of random perturbations, use a more structured initial guess based on the initial_h_values.

Alternatively, use the previous best solution as the initial guess, and perturb it with noise.

But the previous code does this.

So, the code would look similar but with adjusted parameters. For example, increasing the 'maxiter' in the minimize call.

Alternatively, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which is derivative-free and can handle constraints via bounds.

But 'Nelder-Mead' doesn't handle constraints directly, so the constraint need to be handled by projecting the solution back into the feasible region. However, this can be complex.

Alternatively, use the 'SLSQP' method with a different tolerance.

In conclusion, after considering various possibilities, perhaps the best way is to modify the previous code to use a different optimizer or adjust parameters. Since the user's previous code is already using SLSQP, perhaps adjusting parameters like 'ftol' and 'eps' to be less strict to allow for faster convergence, and increasing the number of iterations.

But given time constraints, perhaps the code can be adjusted as follows:

- Use the same code structure but increase 'maxiter' and relax 'ftol' and 'eps'.

Another thing: the code clips the perturbed h to [0,1] and normalizes it. This is important to maintain feasibility.

So, here's the code:

Import necessary modules.

Define the run function.

Set initial_h to initial_h_values if available, otherwise the default.

Define objective function.

Constraint function.

In the while loop, generate perturbed h, normalize it, and minimize with the same method, but with possibly different parameters.

But to make it more efficient, perhaps reduce the number of iterations in the while loop, but have more maxiter in the minimize call.

Alternatively, increase the 'maxiter' in the minimize call.

But this requires code changes.

In the previous code, the minimize call has 'maxiter': 500. Maybe increasing this to 1000, and adjusting 'ftol' and 'eps' to be higher.

Another possible change: using a different initial guess by adding more structured noise, such as sinusoidal perturbations, but this may complicate the code.

In conclusion, the improved code would be similar to the previous one, but with adjusted optimization parameters and possibly a different optimizer if feasible. However, due to time and code length constraints, I'll proceed with modifying the existing code to use a different optimizer or parameters.

But since I can't change the optimizer easily without affecting the code, perhaps the best is to keep the same method but adjust the parameters.

Therefore, the code will be similar to the previous one, but with adjusted parameters to allow for better convergence.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 70
    ones_count = n_points // 2
    if 'initial_h_values' in globals():
        initial_h = initial_h_values.copy()
    else:
        initial_h = np.full(n_points, 0.5)
    
    def objective(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * (2.0 / n_points)
    
    def constraint_sum(h):
        return np.sum(h) - ones_count
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0)] * n_points
    best_h = initial_h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(initial_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s:
        sigma = 0.1 * (1 - (time.time() - start_time) / budget_s)
        h_perturbed = initial_h + np.random.normal(0, sigma, n_points)
        h_perturbed = np.clip(h_perturbed, 0.0, 1.0)
        h_perturbed = h_perturbed * (ones_count / np.sum(h_perturbed))
        
        result = minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=h_perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum},
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-6, 'eps': 1e-6}
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
            initial_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```