Alright, so I'm trying to come up with a better approach to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the overlap integral C₅. The current method uses SLSQP with some perturbations, but it's getting stuck in local optima and not performing well enough.

First, I need to understand the problem better. The function h is a step function from [0,2] to [0,1], and we need to minimize the maximum overlap integral when shifted by any k. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] must be 1, and each value of h is between 0 and 1.

Looking at the previous approaches, both strategies involved some form of evolutionary search or continuation methods. However, those might still be getting stuck because the problem is non-convex and has many local optima.

I think a different approach is needed. Maybe a more systematic search that can explore the solution space more thoroughly. Simulated annealing comes to mind because it's good at escaping local optima by allowing uphill moves. But even better, maybe a combination of simulated annealing with some form of gradient-based optimization could work. Using a coarse-to-fine resolution could help in quickly finding a good region and then refining it without getting stuck early.

So, the plan is to first use a coarse grid to find a good initial h, and then upscale it to a finer grid to further optimize. This way, we avoid the high computational cost of starting with a fine grid while still benefiting from fine-grained optimization in promising regions.

But how do we handle the constraints during the optimization process? Maintaining feasibility is crucial. Each time we adjust h, we need to clip it to [0,1] and ensure the sum is exactly n_points/2. So, after every mutation or perturbation, we need to project the solution back into the feasible region.

For mutation, instead of just adding Gaussian noise, maybe a more adaptive approach would work. Start with larger perturbations to explore widely and reduce them as the search progresses. This helps in both exploration and exploitation phases.

When solving at the fine resolution, using a combination of simulated annealing and gradient descent (like SLSQP) could be effective. Simulated annealing helps escape local optima by allowing worse solutions temporarily, while gradient descent refines the solution once a promising area is found.

Another consideration is the way we evaluate the overlap. Using a fast convolution method could speed things up, making the process more efficient. Especially since the evaluation is done multiple times in each iteration, optimizing this step can save a lot of time.

Putting it all together, the strategy would involve:

1. Initializing with a coarse grid (n=35) if there's no existing solution. If there's an initial_h_values available, we can start from that to save time.
2. Perform a search on the coarse grid using simulated annealing to find a good candidate.
3. Upsample this candidate to a finer grid (n=70) and perform a more detailed search.
4. For each candidate at the fine grid, use gradient descent (SLSQP) for local refinement after perturbations.
5. Maintain feasibility by clipping and rescaling after each mutation.
6. Continue the process, gradually cooling the annealing temperature to allow for more precise solutions as time allows.

This approach balances exploration and exploitation, uses efficient methods for handling constraints, and leverages the strengths of both heuristic and gradient-based optimization techniques. It should provide a more robust search for the optimal h, leading to a better upper bound for C₅.

Now, I need to structure this into a detailed plan that the coder can follow. I'll make sure each step is clearly defined, including how to handle the coarse-to-fine upscaling, the mutation process, the feasibility checks, and the combination of simulated annealing with gradient descent. Also, I'll specify the parameters and how they should be adapted during the search process to ensure the solution stays within the time budget and efficiently converges towards a better C₅ value.
</think>

<strategy>
1. Approach and rationale
This strategy employs a hybrid optimization approach combining simulated annealing with gradient descent to efficiently explore and exploit the solution space. It systematically balances exploration of diverse solutions with focused refinement of promising candidates, addressing the non-convexity and multi-modality of the problem. The method uses a coarse-to-fine resolution strategy to accelerate early exploration while maintaining feasibility through explicit projection steps. It explicitly handles constraint violations and provides mechanisms for graceful recovery from numerical instabilities.

2. Mathematical specification
Objective: Minimize C₅ = max_k (h * (1 - h_k))_convolution * dx
Constraints:
- 0 ≤ h_i ≤ 1 for all i
- Σ h_i dx = 1 (exactly)

The optimization proceeds in two phases:
1. Coarse search phase (n=35) with faster exploration
2. Fine search phase (n=70) with precise refinement

3. Implementation procedure
1. Initial setup
   a. If initial_h_values exists, use it as the coarse initial solution
   b. Otherwise, initialize h_coarse as uniform [2/7, 2/7, ..., 2/7] for n=35
   c. Initialize best solution as empty

2. Coarse search phase (n=35)
   a. Perform simulated annealing with cooling schedule
   b. Mutation: Gaussian perturbations with adaptive std (start=0.2, end=0.01)
   c. After each mutation:
      i. Clip h to [0,1]
      ii. Rescale h to maintain Σ h dx =1
   d. Evaluate C5 for each candidate
   e. Accept worse solutions with probability exp(-ΔC5 / T)
   f. Keep track of best solution found

3. Upsampling to fine grid (n=70)
   a. Use best coarse solution to initialize fine grid via linear interpolation
   b. Maintain Σ h dx =1 through rescaling
   c. Perform gradient descent (SLSQP) with initial population seeded by upscaled coarse solution
   d. Add Gaussian perturbations (std=0.1) to generate diverse initial points
   e. For each candidate:
      i. Apply h = max(0, min(1, h))
      ii. Ensure Σ h dx =1 through rescaling

4. Fine search phase (n=70)
   a. Combine simulated annealing with gradient descent
   b. Start with higher temperature (T=0.5) and gradually decrease
   c. Mutation: Adaptive Gaussian perturbations (start=0.1, end=0.005)
   d. After each mutation:
      i. Clip h to [0,1]
      ii. Rescale h to maintain Σ h dx =1
   e. Evaluate C5 for each candidate
   f. Use SLSQP for local optimization on top candidates (20% of population)
   g. Keep track of best solution found

5. Final refinement
   a. Perform gradient descent on best candidates from fine search
   b. Enable line search and adaptive step sizes

4. Search choices and useful variations
- Population size: 100 for coarse phase, 150 for fine phase
- Annealing schedule: Geometric cooling (alpha=0.95 per 25 iterations)
- Mutation std: Starts at 0.2 and decreases linearly to 0.01 over coarse phase
- Gradient descent frequency: 20% of population in fine phase
- Residual tolerance: 1e-10 for gradient steps
- Mutation variance: 0.1 (decreasing in fine phase)
- Gradient step size: Adaptive between 0.1 and 0.001

5. Compute budget and robustness
- Time estimate:
   - Coarse phase: ~200s
   - Upsampling: ~50s
   - Fine phase: ~600s
   - Final refinement: ~100s
- Robustness:
   - Maintains feasibility through projection
   - Handles infeasible proposals via automatic rescaling
   - Provides fallback to best solution found
   - Monitors convergence and adapts cooling schedule

6. Validation and return contract
- Ensure h ∈ [0,1] and sum(h) = n/2
- Validate C5 via direct evaluator
- Check for finite values and consistency
- Compare against initial solution if available
- Return solution with lowest C5 found during search

Implementation guarantees:
- All h remain feasible by construction
- Objective computed correctly handles boundary overlaps
- Correlation computed exactly as per evaluator definition
- Continuity between coarse and fine phases maintained via interpolation
- Explicit handling of floating-point precision issues
</strategy>