<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by finding a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The previous code used a genetic algorithm approach with differential evolution and then a local optimization. But the user wants a different approach, maybe something more structured or with different optimization techniques.

First, I need to understand the problem again. The function h is a step function over [0,2], with the integral equal to 1, and we need to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted by any k. The overlap integral is calculated using cross-correlation, which for a step function would involve checking how much of h overlaps with 1 - h when shifted.

The previous approach used a population-based method, which might get stuck in local minima. Maybe a better strategy is to use a combination of binary search in the coarse grid and then refine with a more precise optimization. Also, the initial solution used a 70-point grid, but maybe starting with a smaller grid and then upscaling could be better.

The strategy mentioned in the planning phase suggested using a two-phase approach: coarse grid exploration with binary functions and then fine grid refinement. That makes sense. Let's consider implementing that.

First step: Coarse Grid. Use a smaller number of points, say 35, with binary values (0 or 1). But how to ensure the integral is 1? For n_points=35, sum(h) should be 35/2 = 17.5. Since binary values, we can adjust by flipping some 1s to 0s or vice versa. Wait, but with binary, the sum is an integer. So maybe for 35 points, it's impossible to get exactly 17.5. So perhaps start with 17 zeros and 18 ones, then adjust.

Wait, the constraint is sum(h) * dx = 1. So for n_points samples, sum(h) = n_points / 2. So if n_points is even, that's straightforward. If odd, like 35, sum should be 35/2=17.5. But since h_i are binary, sum is an integer. So this suggests that n_points must be even? Or perhaps when starting with binary, we can use a small perturbation to adjust the sum. For example, in the coarse grid phase, we can have a sum that's close to target, and then adjust during optimization.

Alternatively, maybe use an even number of points for the coarse grid. Let's say n_points = 34. Then sum(h) = 17. But the target is 17 for n_points=34. That's manageable. So maybe use 34 points for coarse grid, which is even. Then, when upsampling to 70 points, the sum would be adjusted accordingly.

The plan is:

1. Coarse phase: 34 points, binary values. Ensure sum is 17. Then optimize to find a good h.

2. Refine: Upsample to 70 points, convert binary to continuous by adding small perturbations, and perform local optimization.

3. Final optimization with SLSQP to further minimize C₅.

But how to handle the initial step? For the binary starting point, generate a random binary array with sum 17. Then, use a method to optimize it, perhaps using a convex problem sequence. Since the problem is non-convex, maybe use a convex relaxation approach.

Alternatively, use a deterministic approach like simulated annealing or a gradient-based method. But since the problem is discrete in the coarse phase, maybe a binary optimization approach. However, that could be complex.

Wait, the previous code used a genetic algorithm approach with differential evolution. But maybe instead of that, using a local optimization method for the coarse phase. For example, using a gradient-based method with constraints.

Alternatively, consider the coarse grid as a binary optimization problem where we can flip bits to adjust the sum and minimize the maximum overlap. But how to find the optimal binary vector? This seems difficult, but perhaps using a greedy approach or genetic algorithm for the coarse phase.

Another idea is to use a binary representation and then use a local search. For example, start with a random binary vector with sum 17, then iteratively flip bits to reduce the maximum overlap. However, this might not find the global minimum quickly.

In any case, the main steps are:

- Generate a coarse solution with a small number of points, possibly binary.

- Refine it by upscaling and using continuous variables.

- Optimize with SLSQP or another method.

Now, the user wants to avoid the previous approach. So maybe use a different algorithm, like a combination of Powell's method with a clustering approach. Or perhaps use a greedy approach for the coarse phase.

But considering the time budget, the code needs to be efficient. Let's think about the code structure.

The previous code used a population-based approach with differential evolution for the initial population. Then a local optimization. The new approach could start with a binary coarse grid, then upscale, and then apply a more efficient optimization.

Let's outline the code steps:

1. Define the initial coarse grid (n_points_coarse=34). Generate a binary h with sum 17. (There are 34 choose 17 possible combinations, but we need a good starting point.)

2. Optimize the binary coarse grid using a local search method that adjusts the binary values to find a lower C₅. Since binary values are constrained, we can use a method that tries flipping bits to reduce the maximum overlap.

3. Upsample the coarse solution to 70 points. For example, duplicate each coarse point twice. Then add a small perturbation to convert binary values to continuous.

4. Apply a local optimization method (like SLSQP) to refine the upsampled h, ensuring the integral constraint is met and minimizing C₅.

But how to handle the upscaling? For example, if the coarse grid has 34 points, upscaling to 70 would mean interpolating or duplicating points. Maybe linear interpolation? Or a simple duplication, which would make the 34 points into 70 by repeating each two times. But that might distort the integral. Wait, when upsampling, the sum of the upsampled h would be sum(h_coarse) * 2, but we need sum(h_fine) = 70/2 =35. So if sum(h_coarse) is 17, then sum(h_fine) would be 34, which is less than 35. So need to add a small perturbation to balance the sum.

Alternatively, after upsampling, adjust the values to meet the integral constraint. For example, take the coarse grid's h and upscale it by 2 (since 34*2=68, which is close to 70) and add a small amount to adjust the sum.

But this is getting complex. Alternatively, maybe use a different approach for the coarse grid. Let's think about the code.

First, the code needs to generate initial_h_values. If there is an existing initial_h_values (from parent construction), use that. Otherwise, create a new one. For the initial coarse grid, let's use n_points_coarse = 34. Generate a binary vector with sum 17. For example, randomly choose 17 positions to set to 1, others to 0.

Then, perform optimization on this coarse grid. For the coarse phase, maybe use a gradient-based method. However, since the problem is non-convex, it's tricky. But for a small grid, perhaps we can use a local search with some heuristics.

But implementing that might be time-consuming. Alternatively, use a genetic algorithm for the coarse phase. But the previous code already used a genetic approach. Perhaps a different hyperparameter setup would help.

Alternatively, use a different optimization method for the coarse phase, like simulated annealing.

But given the time budget, the code needs to be efficient. Maybe the best approach is to combine the initial population-based method with a more efficient local optimization phase.

Wait, the previous approach had some issues. Maybe the mutation factor was too high, leading to instability. Adjusting the parameters like F and CR (mutation and crossover rates) could help.

Another idea: use a combination of a genetic algorithm for the coarse phase, then use a local optimization for the fine phase. For the coarse phase, use a smaller population size with more aggressive mutation. For the fine phase, use a local optimization method like SLSQP.

But the code needs to be concise and fit within the 300 lines and 12k characters. So perhaps the code can be structured as follows:

- Generate initial_h_values with n_points=70. If not available, use a random binary vector with sum 35.

Wait, but the previous code used 70 points. However, perhaps starting with a smaller grid (like 34) and then upscaling is better.

Alternatively, use a grid that's even, like n_points=60, which allows sum(h) to be 30.

But the initial code used 70 points. Let's think about the code structure.

The code should start with a certain initial h, which could be provided by the parent or generated. Then perform a sequence of optimizations.

But the user wants a different approach than the previous code, which used a genetic algorithm followed by SLSQP. So perhaps use a different optimization strategy, like a convex relaxation or a different algorithm.

Another idea: use the fact that the problem is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation. This can be thought of as a max-min problem, which is challenging. But for the cross-correlation, since it's a convolution-like operation, perhaps we can use some properties of the function h to find a lower bound.

But that's more theoretical. For the code, practical steps are needed.

Perhaps use a more systematic approach for the initial solution. For example, divide the interval [0,2] into segments and assign h(x) as a step function. Then optimize the step positions and heights.

But this might be too vague.

Another approach is to model the problem as a convex optimization problem with variables. However, the objective is the maximum over k, which makes the problem non-convex. So perhaps relax the maximum by using a semidefinite programming approach or other heuristics. But that might be complex.

Alternatively, use a discretization of the integral and find the h that minimizes the maximum over all possible shifts. However, with a limited number of samples, this might not be feasible.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code's strategy but make it more efficient. For example, using a different optimization method for the initial population and then fine-tuning.

But the user wants a different approach. So maybe switch to using a convex optimization method with a relaxed problem. However, since the objective is a maximum, it's hard to model.

Another idea: since the maximum of the cross-correlation is involved, we can find for each shift k the integral, and minimize the maximum. To approximate this, perhaps use a few shifts (like k=1, 2, ..., 2) since the interval is [0,2], and the shifts would be in that range. But this is an approximation.

Wait, the cross-correlation is computed as np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full'), which for a length-n_points array would give a result of length 2n_points - 1. Each entry corresponds to a shift. The maximum of this array multiplied by dx is the C₅ value. So the problem is to find h that minimizes the maximum over all possible shifts.

But for the code, evaluating all possible shifts is the same as the cross-correlation. So the optimization is to minimize max( corr ), which is a non-convex problem.

An alternative approach is to use a gradient-based method, but with a penalty term that encourages minimizing the maximum overlap. However, this requires computing the gradient of the max function, which is not straightforward.

Another idea is to approximate the max by using a soft maximum, and then optimize with gradient descent. For example, instead of maximizing over the cross-correlation values, we can use a smooth maximum function, like the logarithm of the sum of exponentials, and then minimize that. But this is a heuristic and might not lead to the exact maximum.

Alternatively, focus on a subset of shifts that are most critical. For example, in the previous problem, the worst shifts are those that maximize the overlap. So perhaps we can identify the shifts that contribute the most to the max and optimize for those.

But again, this is heuristic.

Given the time constraints and the need for a working code, perhaps the best approach is to use a combination of a genetic algorithm for initial exploration and then apply a local optimization. The previous code did this, but maybe adjust the parameters for better performance.

In the previous code, the population size was 50, with F=0.8 and CR=0.9. Perhaps tuning these hyperparameters could improve the result. Also, using a more efficient optimization method for the local phase.

Another possible improvement is to use a larger initial population size, or to use a different mutation strategy.

But the user wants a different approach than the previous code. So maybe switch to using a different optimization method, like a particle swarm optimization (PSO) or a different variant of evolutionary algorithms.

Alternatively, use a deterministic approach, such as the method of steepest descent with adaptive learning rates, but for the non-smooth objective function.

However, without knowing the exact details of how to compute gradients, it's challenging.

Another idea: Since the integral is over a continuous interval, maybe use a parametric form of h(x). For example, create a function h(x) that is periodic or has certain symmetry properties. For example, a sawtooth wave or a sine wave, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint. However, this might not be optimal and could be difficult to implement.

But this is a bit abstract. Let's get back to the code structure.

The plan is to:

- Use a smaller initial grid (like n_points=34) for coarse optimization, then upscale to 70.

- Use a population-based method to optimize the coarse grid, then refine with an SLSQP.

But how to implement this in code?

Let's outline the code steps:

1. If there's an initial_h_values provided, use it. Otherwise, generate a binary vector with sum n_points / 2.

Wait, for n_points to be even. Let's assume the initial_h_values is for n_points=70. But if not, generate.

But the code needs to handle the initial_h_values if provided.

2. Coarse optimization: generate a binary vector, optimize it.

3. Upsample to 70 points, perturb the values, and optimize.

But implementing this requires code that can handle different grid sizes.

Alternatively, given the time, perhaps stick to the previous approach but improve the parameters. For example, using a different mutation factor, or a better local optimization.

Wait, in the previous code, the initial_h_values was used as a starting point. The user's previous code achieved a C₅ of 0.380919, and the goal is to get lower than that.

So the new code needs to find a better solution. Let's think about how to do that.

One possible improvement is to use a better initial guess. For instance, using a construction that has certain symmetry properties. For example, a step function that is periodic or has certain intervals where h(x) is 1 and others where it's 0, arranged to minimize overlap.

For example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into intervals of length d, and set h(x) to 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, then adjust d and the pattern to minimize the maximum overlap. This is a common approach in such optimization problems.

Let's say we divide the interval into m equal parts, and set h(x) to 1 in some of them. For example, with m=5 intervals, setting h(x) to 1 in some to balance the integral. This is a very simple construction, but might not be optimal. However, it provides a starting point for the optimization.

For example, for n_points=70, m=5 would give intervals of 2/5=0.4. Then, if we set 3.5 intervals to 1 (but since m must be integer, maybe 3 or 4), but this is getting complex. However, the code can generate such a pattern as an initial guess.

But to code this, we can create a function that generates a step function with intervals. For example, alternate between 1 and 0 with a certain pattern.

But if the initial_h_values is already provided, we should use that. Otherwise, generate a simple construction.

Another idea is to use a construction with overlapping intervals adjusted to minimize overlap. However, without knowing the optimal structure, this is speculative.

But given the time, let's proceed to code a more efficient approach. Let's try the following steps:

- Use a larger n_points for the fine grid, say 70, but start with a better initial guess.

- Perform a local optimization with SLSQP, but use a better initial guess.

The previous code used a population-based approach followed by SLSQP. To improve, maybe use a more efficient initial guess, and adjust the parameters of the SLSQP.

Alternatively, use a different optimization method for the initial phase. For example, use the Adam optimizer with gradient descent if we can compute the gradient. But computing the gradient of the max function is non-trivial.

Alternatively, approximate the gradient. However, this is complex.

Alternatively, use a more global optimization method for the initial phase, like the basin-hopping algorithm, which is available in scipy.optimize.

Putting it all together, here's a possible approach for the code:

1. Generate an initial h using a simple pattern (if initial_h_values is not provided).

2. Perform a local optimization using SLSQP with the initial guess, as the previous code did, but with better parameters.

3. If the initial guess is not good, use a genetic algorithm or another method to find a better starting point.

But how to implement this within the code constraints?

The code needs to be concise and fit within the given limits. Let's think about possible code structure.

The code will define the run function, which:

- Takes seed and budget.

- Uses the initial_h_values if provided.

- For the coarse phase, generate a binary vector with sum adjusted to n_points / 2.

- Optimizes this coarse grid with a genetic algorithm.

- Upscales and perturbs to get the fine grid.

- Optimizes the fine grid with SLSQP.

But implementing all this in code may be complex.

Alternatively, consider using the previous approach but with parameter adjustments. For example, using a smaller population size, better mutation rates, or a different local optimization method.

The previous code's evaluation used the cross-correlation, which is correct. The key is to find a good initial solution and then refine it.

Perhaps the previous code's main issue was that the genetic algorithm took too long and the local optimization wasn't sufficient. So improving the local optimization parameters could help.

In the previous code, the SLSQP used maxiter=200 and ftol=1e-9. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a different method like BFGS could help.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the starting point for SLSQP and not performing the genetic algorithm phase. But this might not find a good initial guess.

But the user's goal is to find a better bound. Given that, perhaps the best approach is to use the initial_h_values and perform a more refined local optimization.

So, modifying the previous code:

- Remove the genetic algorithm phase and directly use the initial_h_values as the starting point for SLSQP.

- Increase the number of iterations and adjust the parameters of SLSQP.

But this may not be sufficient if the initial guess is not good.

Alternatively, combine the genetic algorithm and SLSQP with better parameters.

But given time constraints, here's an idea for the code:

Use a combination of a genetic algorithm with a small population and a local optimization step. Adjust the parameters to speed up the process.

But in the code, the previous code used a for loop to run the genetic algorithm for max_generations. To speed up, maybe reduce max_generations.

Alternatively, the code could start with the initial_h_values and perform a SLSQP optimization with more iterations.

But the previous code already ran the SLSQP after the genetic phase. To improve, perhaps increase the number of iterations in SLSQP and use tighter tolerances.

Another possible improvement: for the SLSQP optimization, use a better initial guess by combining the genetic phase's best solution with the initial_h_values.

But without the code's exact structure, it's challenging to implement.

Given the time, I'll proceed to write code that uses the previous approach but with some adjustments:

- Use a smaller population size and fewer generations.

- Use a better initialization.

- Refine the SLSQP parameters.

But also consider using a different initial guess.

Another possible improvement is to use the initial_h_values provided, if available, and perform a local optimization with SLSQP, increasing the number of iterations and adjusting parameters.

So, the code could look like this:

Import necessary modules.

Define the run function.

If initial_h_values exists, use it. Else, generate a random initial guess.

Then perform a local optimization using SLSQP with more iterations and tighter tolerances.

But if the initial_h_values is not good, this might not help. However, the user's previous code used a genetic algorithm to improve it.

But given that the user wants a different approach, perhaps switch to using the initial_h_values and perform a local optimization, skipping the genetic phase.

This is a simplified version of the code, which might be more efficient.

But I need to implement this in code. Let me draft it.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 70
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    if 'initial_h_values' in globals():
        initial_h = initial_h_values.copy()
    else:
        initial_h = np.full(n_points, 0.5)
    
    def objective(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h):
        return np.sum(h) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0)] * n_points
    
    # Initial refinement
    result = minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=initial_h,
        method='SLSQP',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum},
        options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8}
    )
    
    final_h = result.x
    final_c5 = result.fun
    
    # Optional: Add a simple perturbation for further refinement
    perturb = np.random.normal(0, 0.05, n_points)
    perturb = np.clip(perturb, -0.1, 0.1)
    final_h += perturb
    final_h = np.clip(final_h, 0.0, 1.0)
    final_sum = np.sum(final_h)
    final_h = final_h * (target_sum / final_sum)
    
    # Final optimization
    result = minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=final_h,
        method='SLSQP',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum},
        options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8}
    )
    
    final_h = result.x
    final_c5 = result.fun
    
    return final_h, final_c5, n_points
```