<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The user provided a previous code that achieved C₅ ≤ 0.380949, and the goal is to get lower than 0.380876. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem is about finding a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is computed using correlation between h and 1-h. The previous approach used a random perturbation and SLSQP optimization, but maybe there's a better way.

The user's strategy mentions using quadratic programming with a trust-region approach. That makes sense because the problem is non-convex, and QP can handle convex relaxations. However, the previous code used SLSQP, which is a sequential quadratic programming method. Maybe switching to a more robust solver or adjusting the optimization method could help.

Also, the previous code starts with initial_h_values. Since the initial construction might be a good starting point, I should use it if available. But maybe I can improve it by trying different initial guesses or perturbations.

Another thought: the previous code sampled 70 points. Maybe increasing the number of points could lead to better results, but the user says smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, the time budget is 1100 seconds, so maybe with 70 points, we can do more iterations.

Wait, the problem mentions that the evaluation uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives all possible lags. The overlap integral for each lag is calculated, and C₅ is the maximum of those. So, the challenge is to minimize the maximum value across all lags.

The previous approach uses a random perturbation around the best solution found so far, then applies SLSQP. But maybe using a different optimization strategy like gradient descent or a more global search like genetic algorithms could help escape local minima. However, given the time constraints, maybe focusing on optimization parameters and using a more efficient solver would be better.

The user's strategy suggests using quadratic programming with constraints. Let me try to model that. The main constraint is the integral, and then for each lag k, the overlap integral must be ≤ s. But since the maximum is to be minimized, we can model this as a minimax problem, converting it into a convex optimization problem by introducing a variable s and constraints for each lag. However, solving this for all lags could be computationally intensive, but with 70 points, there are around 140 lags (from k=-69 to 69). But perhaps it's manageable.

Wait, the problem is that the original problem is non-convex because the maximum of multiple convex functions is not convex. So, maybe the approach is to relax it by introducing a variable s and trying to minimize s such that for all lags, the overlap is ≤ s. However, with a large number of lags, this could be computationally heavy. But since we're using a solver that can handle quadratic constraints, perhaps it's feasible.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient method like alternating minimization or a proximal gradient approach. But given the time, maybe focusing on the previous code's approach but improving the optimization steps.

Another idea: the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a different optimization method. However, the previous code already does 200 iterations with some perturbations. Maybe the problem is that the initial solution is stuck in a local minimum, so trying different starting points could help.

Another angle: the initial_h_values might be based on a known construction. For example, maybe it's a piecewise constant function with certain intervals set to 1 or 0. If I can improve that initial construction by adjusting the intervals or patterns, perhaps that would give a better result.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be generated by some method. Since the user says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So I should check if the initial_h_values is provided. If it's not, then create a starting vector. But in the previous code, the initial_h_values is used if available.

Now, considering the user's strategy, the code should use quadratic programming with trust-region. Let me think about how to implement that. Since the user's previous code used SLSQP, which is not a QP method, switching to a QP approach might be better. But how?

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals. Each integral over a lag k is a linear function of h? No, because the integrand is h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). That's not linear in h, unless we can find a way to linearize. However, that's a product of variables, which makes it a non-convex problem. So, perhaps the problem is best approached as a non-convex optimization problem, where we need to find a good local minimum.

Given that, maybe using a more robust optimization algorithm like COBYLA or SLSQP with better settings could help. Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm for global search, but that might be too slow.

Another approach: since the overlap integral for each lag can be considered as a constraint, perhaps the problem can be approximated by considering only a subset of lags, or using a gradient-based method that iteratively adjusts h to reduce the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, think of this as a bilevel optimization problem. The outer problem is to find h that minimizes the maximum overlap, and the inner problem is to compute the overlap for each lag. But this is probably not tractable directly.

Another thought: since the integral is linear in h for each fixed lag, maybe the maximum is equivalent to the maximum of linear functions. But the problem is that the maximum over all lags is what needs to be minimized. So, it's like a minimax problem. To handle this, we can use convex optimization techniques if we can find a way to linearize the constraints. However, I don't see an obvious way to do that.

Perhaps the key is to use a surrogate function or a penalty method. For example, approximate the maximum with a sum of squares, then optimize that. But again, this is heuristic.

In the previous code, the user used a random search with perturbations and SLSQP. To improve this, maybe increasing the number of perturbations, using more sophisticated perturbation strategies, or adjusting the learning rate.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess. For example, instead of starting with the initial_h_values, generate a random initial guess with the correct integral. But the initial_h_values is already provided, so using that would be better.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient solver, such as using the SLSQP method with tighter tolerances, or using a different solver like the Nelder-Mead method, which is derivative-free but might be more effective in certain cases.

But considering that the previous code already runs SLSQP with a certain number of iterations, perhaps the main issue is the perturbation strategy. The current code uses a fixed number of perturbations with decreasing sigma. Maybe trying a more adaptive approach, such as adjusting sigma based on the success of the perturbations.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the current best solution, generate multiple random starts and optimize each one, then select the best. This is similar to population-based optimization but might be more time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where we first run a global search and then perform local optimization on the best candidate found.

Moreover, the number of points (n_points) is currently set to 70. Maybe increasing this to 80 or more could lead to a better solution, but given the time budget, it's important to balance between the number of points and the number of iterations.

Wait, the user's strategy mentions that smaller sequences (less than 1k) are preferred. So keeping n_points at 70 is acceptable.

Now, looking back at the previous code. It has a loop with 200 iterations of perturbation and optimization. Then another 50 iterations. However, the time budget is 1100 seconds. For each iteration, solving an SLSQP optimization with 200 iterations takes time. Let me estimate: solving an SLSQP with 200 iterations might take a few seconds each. If each iteration takes 5 seconds, then 200 would take 1000 seconds, which is near the budget. However, with more iterations, it might be possible to find a better solution.

Alternatively, maybe the previous code can be optimized by reducing the number of iterations but increasing the perturbation steps. Or perhaps using a more efficient solver.

Another thought: the evaluation uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which for a vector of size n_points, gives a result of size 2n_points - 1. For each lag, the integral is computed as the correlation value multiplied by dx. The maximum over all these lags is C5.

So, the problem is to minimize this maximum. Perhaps for certain structures of h, the overlap is minimized. For example, if h is designed to have minimal overlap with its shifted versions, which might be achieved by a periodic or symmetric pattern.

But how to design such a function? It's a challenging problem.

Another approach: think of h as a binary function (0s and 1s), but with the integral constraint. However, the problem allows h to be a step function with values between 0 and 1. So perhaps using a combination of 0s and 1s with some smoothing.

But the previous code uses real values between 0 and 1. Maybe using a more structured approach, such as dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and setting h to 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, but with some adjustments to meet the integral constraint.

However, with the given time constraints, it's difficult to implement too many changes. So perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code by improving the optimization steps.

Let me think about the code again. The previous code does:

- Use initial_h_values if available, else uniform.
- Perturb the initial_h with random noise and rescale.
- Run SLSQP optimization for each perturbed vector.
- Keep track of the best solution found.

The main issue might be that the perturbation is too large or too small. The sigma decreases from 0.08 to 0.05. Maybe adjusting the sigma and the number of iterations could help.

Also, the SLSQP method might not be able to find the global minimum, so perhaps using a different optimization method, like the COBYLA method which handles bounds, might be better.

Alternatively, using a different optimization library, like scipy.optimize.minimize with different methods.

But given that the user has access to CVXOPT, MOSEK, etc., maybe using quadratic programming could be more effective. Let me think: the overlap integral for each lag k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. If we can linearize this, perhaps by introducing variables.

But the integrand is h(x)(1 - h(x + k)), which is a product of variables. If we can express this in terms of linear constraints, it would be possible to use QP. However, it's not linear in h. Hence, the problem is non-convex and can't be directly converted into a QP.

Therefore, perhaps the approach of using a local optimization method with multiple restarts and perturbations is still the most feasible.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral. For example, precompute the indices for each lag and vectorize the computation. However, in the previous code, the computation is already done via np.correlate, which is efficient.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed sigma for perturbations, adjust sigma based on the change in the objective function. For example, if the perturbation leads to a significant improvement, reduce the sigma to make finer adjustments. This is similar to a line search.

Also, the previous code applies clipping and rescaling after perturbation. That's important to maintain the integral constraint.

Alternatively, maybe using a different constraint handling method. The current code uses the sum constraint as an equality, which is correct.

In terms of numerical stability, the previous code uses a small epsilon and adjusts the perturbed h to satisfy the sum constraint. That's correct.

Now, considering the strategies mentioned in the user's planning, the code should use quadratic programming with trust-region. However, implementing this in code would require setting up a QP problem with the constraints.

But since the objective is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, each of which is a non-linear function of h, it's challenging to convert this into a QP.

So perhaps the user's previous code is the best approach, and the improvement lies in optimizing the parameters and the perturbation strategy.

Let me think about the code again. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations per perturbation. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or the number of iterations per optimization would improve the result. However, the time budget is tight.

Alternatively, using a more efficient solver. For example, the SLSQP method can be slow for large problems, but with n_points=70, it's manageable.

Another possible change: using the 'L-BFGS-B' method instead of 'SLSQP', since it's a bounded method and might handle the constraints better. However, the sum constraint is an equality constraint, so perhaps SLSQP is more appropriate.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with tighter tolerances.

But in the previous code, the 'ftol' is set to 1e-10 and 'eps' to 1e-8, which is quite tight. Maybe reducing these could speed up the optimization.

Alternatively, using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method, which is derivative-free but might be more robust. However, it's slower and might not find the best solution.

Another idea: the code uses a loop of 200 iterations with perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations to 300 or more, but this would take more time. However, with the given budget, it's possible.

But given that the previous code already runs 200 iterations and then 50 more, maybe the main issue is the choice of perturbation amplitude and the optimization settings.

Let me try to adjust the code to increase the number of iterations or adjust the perturbation parameters. For example, starting with a larger sigma and decreasing it more rapidly.

Another possible improvement: instead of using σ = 0.08 and decreasing linearly, use a exponential decay. This might lead to better exploration of the solution space.

In the code, the initial sigma is set to 0.08, and then decreases. But maybe starting with a higher sigma, like 0.1, and reducing it more rapidly.

Moreover, after the initial loop, there's an additional 50 iterations with sigma decreasing to 0.05. Maybe adjusting the number of iterations or the sigma decay rate could help.

In conclusion, the code can be improved by adjusting the perturbation strategy, using more efficient optimization parameters, or increasing the number of iterations. However, given the time constraints, it's important to optimize the code to run within the budget.

Another possible change: using a different initial guess. For example, starting with a different pattern than initial_h_values. However, if initial_h_values is available and good, it's better to use it.

Another idea is to use the previous code's approach but with increased perturbation and more iterations. However, this might not be feasible without increasing the time.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different starting point. For example, if initial_h_values is not available, starting with a different random initial guess.

But since the user wants to use the initial_h_values if available, it's best to use that.

Putting it all together, the improved code should:

1. Use the initial_h_values if available.
2. Perturb the current best solution with a larger initial sigma, decreasing it over time.
3. Use a more efficient optimization method, perhaps with tighter tolerances.
4. Perform more iterations or adjust the number of perturbations.
5. Ensure the code runs within the 1100s budget.

Now, to translate this into code. The previous code uses SLSQP, so perhaps adjusting the sigma decay and the number of iterations would help. For example, increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the perturbation parameters.

In the code, the initial loop runs 200 iterations, each with a perturbation. Then, after that, 50 more. Maybe increasing the number of iterations further would help, but need to be cautious about the time.

Alternatively, using a higher sigma initially and decreasing it faster. Let me try modifying the sigma decay in the code.

Another possible change: using a different constraint handling. For example, in the SLSQP method, the equality constraint is handled with the sum of h equal to n_points/2.

In the code, the perturbation is done by adding a normal distribution with sigma and then clipping. However, after clipping, the sum might not be correct. Hence, the code rescales the perturbed h to meet the sum constraint. This is correct.

Another thing to note: the previous code uses the 'SLSQP' method, which may not be the best for this problem. Maybe using the 'COBYLA' method, which handles bounds and equality constraints, could be better.

Alternatively, using the 'trust-constr' method, which is more robust. However, it requires the objective and constraints to be differentiable, which they are.

But given the time, perhaps the code can be modified to use the 'trust-constr' method with the constraints properly defined.

Alternatively, since the problem involves minimizing the maximum of several integrals, which is non-convex, maybe using a heuristic approach with multiple restarts.

Putting this into code, the main changes would be:

- Using a different optimization method, such as 'trust-constr'.
- Adjusting the sigma decay and number of perturbations.
- Increasing the number of iterations.

But given the time constraints, let me outline the code changes.

Let me try modifying the previous code. For example, using the 'trust-constr' method in scipy.optimize.minimize with appropriate constraints.

But since the previous code uses 'SLSQP', maybe switching to 'trust-constr' could be better. However, the previous code's constraints are set as an equality constraint.

Another idea: the code could use a combination of random starts and local optimization. For example, generate multiple random perturbations, optimize each with SLSQP, and keep the best one.

But this is similar to what the previous code does. However, perhaps increasing the number of perturbations.

In the previous code, the perturbation is done once for each iteration, but maybe generating more random perturbations could lead to better results.

But given the time, I think the main improvements would be adjusting the optimization parameters, using a more efficient solver, or adjusting the perturbation strategy.

Given the previous code's structure, I'll modify the code to adjust the sigma decay and number of iterations, and perhaps use a more efficient solver like 'trust-constr'.

But in the previous code, the solver is 'SLSQP'. Let me try to switch to 'trust-constr' and see if that helps.

Alternatively, using 'L-BFGS-B' with bounds and handling the equality constraint via penalty methods.

But this could complicate the code.

Given the time, I'll proceed with modifying the previous code to adjust the sigma and number of iterations. Here's the plan:

- Increase the number of perturbation iterations.
- Decrease the sigma more rapidly.
- Use a tighter tolerance in the optimization.
- Use a different solver if possible.

Let me write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 70
    ones_count = n_points // 2
    initial_h = initial_h_values.copy() if 'initial_h_values' in globals() else np.full(n_points, 0.5)
    initial_h = initial_h * (ones_count / np.sum(initial_h))
    
    def objective(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * (2.0 / n_points)
    
    def constraint_sum(h):
        return np.sum(h) - ones_count
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0)] * n_points
    best_h = initial_h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    for _ in range(300):
        sigma = 0.12 * (1 - (_ / 300)) ** 1.5
        h_perturbed = initial_h + np.random.normal(0, sigma, n_points)
        h_perturbed = np.clip(h_perturbed, 0.0, 1.0)
        h_perturbed = h_perturbed * (ones_count / np.sum(h_perturbed))
        
        result = minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=h_perturbed,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum},
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                initial_h = result.x
    
    elapsed = time.time() - start_time
    if elapsed < budget_s:
        for _ in range(100):
            sigma = 0.08 * (1 - (_ / 100))
            h_perturbed = initial_h + np.random.normal(0, sigma, n_points)
            h_perturbed = np.clip(h_perturbed, 0.0, 1.0)
            h_perturbed = h_perturbed * (ones_count / np.sum(h_perturbed))
            
            result = minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=h_perturbed,
                method='L-BFGS-B',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum},
                options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8}
            )
            
            if result.success:
                current_c5 = result.fun
                if current_c5 < best_c5:
                    best_c5 = current_c5
                    best_h = result.x
                    initial_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```