<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code tried using a gradient descent approach with random perturbations, but the result was 0.380949. The target is 0.380876, so I need to get lower. 

Hmm, the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is calculated as the maximum cross-correlation between h and 1-h. The constraints are that h is a step function with integral 1 over [0,2]. The current approach uses a fixed number of points (n_points=70) and a local optimization method. Maybe the key is to either increase the number of points for more precision or find a better optimization strategy.

Wait, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. So maybe using n_points=70 is okay. But perhaps using a different initial guess could help. The previous code uses initial_h_values if available, but maybe there's a better way to initialize h. Like, maybe using a more optimal initial configuration than just even spacing.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization algorithm. The previous code used SLSQP with random perturbations, but perhaps a different method like genetic algorithms or a more efficient local search could find better minima. However, genetic algorithms might be too slow within the time budget.

Another thought: the cross-correlation is maximized at certain shifts. Maybe focusing on the shifts that contribute the most to the max and optimizing those specifically. The previous code tried to compute the gradient for the maximum shift, but maybe a better approach is to use a more targeted optimization, like using the maximum of the cross-correlation as the objective and using a better optimizer.

Wait, the problem is that the current approach might be stuck in a local minimum. So how to avoid that? Maybe using multiple starting points or using more aggressive perturbations. Also, the previous code uses a fixed step size for perturbations, which might not be optimal. Maybe the perturbations should decrease over time, similar to simulated annealing.

Another idea: instead of using a random perturbation every few seconds, maybe use a more systematic way to explore. Like, after finding a local minimum, try to swap some points in h to reduce the max overlap. For example, if a certain shift has a high overlap, maybe adjust the values of h in regions that contribute the most to that shift.

Alternatively, maybe using a mathematical model for h. For instance, perhaps a piecewise constant function with certain patterns that minimize the overlap. But how to find such a pattern?

Wait, the Erdős problem is about the minimum maximum overlap. For C₅, the best known is around 0.38, so we need to get even closer. Maybe looking into existing literature on optimal step functions for this problem. But since I can't access external resources, I need to think of heuristic methods.

Let me think about the previous code's approach. It uses a fixed n_points=70, which is small. Maybe increasing the number of points would allow for a more precise approximation of the optimal function, but that would take more time. However, the user prefers smaller sequences. Wait, the user says that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. So perhaps keeping n_points=70 is better.

Another angle: the previous code starts with initial_h_values if available. If that initial guess is good, maybe it's better to use it. But perhaps there's a better initial guess. For example, instead of even spacing, maybe using a non-uniform distribution that better spreads the set bits to minimize overlaps.

Wait, the initial_h_values might have been constructed in a way that's not optimal. If I can create a better initial guess, that could help. For instance, arranging the steps such that they are as spread out as possible, maybe with more points in regions that reduce overlaps when shifted.

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy approach. Place the first point at 0, then the next point at some position that minimizes the maximum overlap with the previous, and so on. But how to implement that efficiently?

Alternatively, perhaps using a more advanced optimization method, like using gradient descent with a better step size schedule, or using a more efficient solver. The previous code uses SLSQP, but maybe another method like COBYLA or BFGS could be better. Or maybe using a different objective function that's easier to optimize.

Wait, the current objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. But the cross-correlation is a vector, and the maximum is taken. This is a non-smooth function, which might make gradient-based methods challenging. Maybe using a smoothing technique or approximating the maximum with a differentiable function.

Alternatively, since the max is over k, maybe we can focus on the shifts that are causing the maximum and optimize for those specifically. For example, each iteration, compute the cross-correlation, find the shift with the maximum value, and then adjust h to reduce that particular cross-correlation. Then, the next iteration might focus on the next highest shift.

But how to compute the gradient of the maximum cross-correlation. Since the max is non-differentiable, this could be tricky. However, if we can approximate it by considering only the current maximum shift, then we can compute the gradient for that shift and update h accordingly.

The previous code did this by taking the gradient with respect to the current maximum shift. Maybe improving that part. For example, using a conjugate gradient method or a more efficient optimization algorithm.

Additionally, the perturbation step in the previous code is adding Gaussian noise. However, maybe a different perturbation strategy, such as a more targeted mutation of certain points, could lead to better results.

Another idea: The problem is similar to a covering problem or a scheduling problem where we want to arrange the points in such a way that their shifts (overlaps) are minimized. Maybe using a simulated annealing approach, where we allow for higher perturbations initially and decrease them over time. This could help escape local minima.

But simulated annealing is more computationally intensive. However, with the time budget of 1100 seconds, maybe it's feasible. However, the previous code uses a local optimization method with perturbations, which might be a balance between local search and exploration.

Alternatively, using a different constraint handling. For instance, instead of renormalizing after each step, maybe using a Lagrange multiplier method to directly handle the constraint in the optimization.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a constraint sum(h) = n_points/2. That's correct. But perhaps using a different solver that is more efficient for this type of problem.

Wait, the code uses scipy's minimize with SLSQP. Maybe other solvers like COBYLA could handle the bounds better. Or maybe using a more efficient method for the objective function.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed step size for perturbations. Maybe adjusting the perturbation steps over time, making them smaller as the algorithm progresses, could help in fine-tuning the solution.

Additionally, the code runs multiple perturbations and minimizes from each. Maybe instead of doing this in a loop, using a more sophisticated method like particle swarm optimization or a Bayesian optimization approach. However, these methods might be too slow or complex to implement within the time constraints.

Alternatively, using a better initial guess. For example, if the initial_h_values is given, maybe it's already a good starting point. So perhaps the previous code's initial guess is not the best. If we can find a better initial guess, even with a different distribution, that could lead to a better result.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, and the user says to use it directly. So if that initial guess is part of the parent construction, we can use it. However, the previous code uses it as a starting point. Maybe the initial_h_values is not optimal, so we need to improve upon it.

Another approach: instead of using random perturbations, maybe use a more directed search. For example, after each optimization step, check the cross-correlation values, and if any of them are increasing, adjust the parameters to reduce that particular shift.

But again, this requires knowing which shifts are problematic and how to adjust h to reduce them.

Hmm, perhaps the key is to focus the optimization on the shifts that contribute most to the C5. Since the cross-correlation is evaluated over all shifts, but the maximum is the one that matters. So, during each iteration, find the current maximum shift and optimize h to reduce that specific shift. This is what the previous code did, but maybe with a better optimization strategy.

Wait, the previous code uses a perturbation approach and then runs SLSQP from that perturbed point. But maybe the gradient descent approach could be more efficient. For example, using a line search method that specifically targets the maximum shift.

Alternatively, using a method that explicitly computes the gradient of the maximum cross-correlation. However, since the maximum is non-differentiable, we can approximate it by considering the current maximum shift and backpropagating through that.

In any case, the previous approach may have some inefficiencies. For example, the perturbation method adds random noise and then does a local optimization. However, the random perturbations might not be sufficient to escape local minima. Maybe using a more systematic approach to perturb, like swapping certain points or adjusting them based on their contribution to the maximum shift.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps using a convex relaxation. For example, considering the maximum of the cross-correlations as a convex function, but this might not hold. The cross-correlation for each shift is a linear function of h, so the maximum over all shifts is a convex function, and minimizing it is a convex optimization problem. However, the constraints are linear (sum h = n_points/2, 0 ≤ h ≤ 1). So, this becomes a convex optimization problem. But the maximum over the cross-correlations is the objective, which is convex. Wait, is that true?

Wait, the cross-correlation for each shift is a linear function in h. So, the maximum over linear functions is a convex function. Therefore, minimizing the maximum of linear functions is a convex optimization problem. However, the problem is that the objective is to minimize a convex function with linear constraints, which is a convex optimization problem. So, theoretically, there should be an optimal solution, and we can use interior point methods to find it. 

But how to model this. For example, the maximum of the cross-correlations can be represented as a set of constraints. Let me think: for each shift k, the cross-correlation value at k is given by the sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). So, for each k, the value is the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. But since we're working with a discrete approximation, it's the sum over the discrete points. The maximum of these values is the C5. 

So, the problem is to minimize the maximum of these linear expressions, which is a convex problem. Therefore, perhaps we can model it as a convex optimization problem and use an appropriate solver. However, scipy's optimization tools may not directly support this. Alternatively, we can use an approach called "successive convex approximation" where we iteratively solve for each shift's constraint.

But this is getting complicated. Maybe the previous approach is the best way given the time constraints. 

Alternatively, using a different solver. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a Sequential Least Squares Quadratic Programming method. Maybe using a different solver, such as the ECOS or SCS solvers from the cvxpy package, which are designed for convex problems. However, the previous code doesn't use cvxpy, but the user allows the use of scipy and cvxpy. 

Wait, the user's code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. But if we can formulate the problem as a convex optimization problem, perhaps using cvxpy, that might give better results. 

So, the idea is to model the problem as minimizing a variable t subject to the constraints that for each k, the cross-correlation at shift k is less than or equal to t. Then, we can use a convex solver to find the minimal t. 

But how to formulate this in cvxpy. Let me think: the cross-correlation for shift k is sum_i h[i] * (1 - h[(i + k) % n_points]) * dx. But since the problem is over [0,2], the shift k can be from -n_points+1 to n_points-1. But in the discrete case, the shifts are integers between 0 and n_points-1 (since the full mode of correlate gives shifts from -n_points+1 to n_points-1, but in the code, it's using mode 'full' which returns the full cross-correlation). Wait, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the cross-correlation for all shifts. But since we're working with discrete samples, the cross-correlation for shift k is the sum over i of h[i] * (1 - h[i + k]) if i + k is within the range. However, the exact way this is calculated needs to be considered. 

But for the convex optimization approach, I need to define for each possible shift k, the constraint that the cross-correlation sum is <= t. Then, the problem is to minimize t. This is a convex problem, as each constraint is linear in h and t. 

But the problem is that there are a lot of constraints (for each shift k), which could be computationally expensive. For n_points=70, there are O(n_points^2) possible shifts. However, since the code uses mode 'full', the number of shifts is 2*n_points -1. So for n_points=70, it's 139 shifts. 

Formulating this in cvxpy would involve:

- Variables: h (a vector of size n_points), and t (a scalar)
- Constraints:
   - For each shift k, sum_i h[i] * (1 - h[(i + k) % n_points]) * dx <= t
   - sum(h) * dx = 1
   - 0 <= h[i] <= 1 for all i
- Objective: minimize t

However, the cross-correlation for each shift k involves terms like h[i] * (1 - h[j]), where j = (i + k) mod n_points. But this is a bilinear term, which makes the constraints non-convex. Oh, that's a problem. Because the product of h[i] and h[j] is non-convex, the problem isn't convex anymore. So the previous idea of convex optimization doesn't work directly.

Hmm, this complicates things. Therefore, the problem is not convex, which means that the earlier thoughts about convex optimization are invalid. So, the problem remains a non-convex optimization problem, which is challenging.

In that case, the previous approach of using a heuristic optimization method might be the way to go. So, focusing on improving the previous code.

Let's consider the previous code's approach. It uses SLSQP with random perturbations. However, the perturbations are Gaussian and may not be effective. Perhaps using a different perturbation strategy, such as randomly flipping some points between 0 and 1, or adjusting them in a way that reduces the maximum cross-correlation.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations. Maybe adjusting the number of iterations and the perturbation schedule could help. For example, increasing the number of perturbations, or adjusting the step size dynamically.

Another thing: the initial_h_values might be a good starting point. The previous code uses it, but maybe the code can generate a better initial guess by starting with a more optimal configuration. For example, instead of even spacing, perhaps using a configuration that is more evenly distributed, like using a low-discrepancy sequence (e.g., Halton sequence) to spread the points more evenly. However, generating such a sequence algorithmically may be necessary.

Alternatively, the initial guess could be generated by placing the 35 non-zero points at positions that are as far apart as possible. For instance, using a greedy algorithm where we place each point at the position that minimizes the maximum overlap with the previously placed points. This could lead to a better initial configuration.

But implementing such a greedy algorithm might take time. However, given that the previous code uses a simple even spacing, perhaps improving the initial guess could help.

Another idea: the current code uses a perturbation step that adds Gaussian noise and then renormalizes. Maybe instead of adding noise, we can use a more targeted mutation. For example, for the current maximum shift, adjust the positions that contribute most to that shift by increasing or decreasing their values.

But how to compute which positions contribute most. For example, if a certain shift k is causing a high overlap, the positions i that are in the region where h[i] and h[i + k] are both 1 contribute the most. So, perhaps we can find those positions and adjust them to reduce the overlap.

But this requires knowing which shifts are problematic, and how to adjust h. This seems complex to implement, but could lead to better optimization.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method that handles the non-convex problem better. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate solutions. However, genetic algorithms are more suitable for larger problem sizes, and with n_points=70, it might be too slow.

Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach. However, again, this might be too slow for the given time budget.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the current method. Let's think about the following steps:

1. Increase the number of perturbations and/or the frequency of perturbations to better explore the solution space.
2. Use a more efficient optimizer, such as SLSQP with tighter settings, or using another solver if available.
3. Improve the initial guess by using a more optimal configuration than even spacing.
4. Adjust the perturbation parameters, such as step size and the frequency, to allow for better exploration.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values is used if available. However, perhaps the initial guess can be modified. For example, if the initial guess is not good, we can generate a better one. But since the user provides initial_h_values, we have to use it.

Alternatively, maybe trying different initializations. For example, if the initial_h_values isn't the best, but the code has to use it, then the code can't change that. So the improvement must come from the optimization process.

Another thing: the cross-correlation is evaluated for all shifts, but maybe there are certain shifts that are more critical than others. For example, shifts that cause overlaps with the same pulse positions. Therefore, focusing optimization on the most critical shifts could help.

In the previous code, every time it computes the cross-correlation, it takes the maximum and uses the gradient with respect to that. Perhaps, instead of doing that, it could focus on multiple shifts at once, or use a different strategy to adjust h.

Another idea: use the gradient of the current maximum shift but also consider the next few shifts in case the maximum shifts change. This way, the optimization focuses on the most problematic areas.

In any case, the previous code's method is a starting point. To improve it, I can try the following modifications:

- Use a larger number of iterations or a more refined perturbation schedule.
- Use a more efficient optimization method, perhaps with better options for SLSQP.
- Adjust the perturbation magnitude and frequency to allow for better exploration.
- Maybe implement a learning rate schedule that decreases over time.
- Add more constraints or use a different objective function.

However, given the time constraints, I need to write code that can fit within the 1100 seconds.

Let me consider modifying the previous code. The previous code uses a while loop with a time budget. The main loop runs until the time is up. The perturbations are done every time the budget is left. But perhaps, instead of doing random perturbations, the code can try different approaches.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed step size for the perturbation, which is 0.15 multiplied by (1 - time elapsed / budget). This decreases the perturbation size over time. Maybe adjusting this step size could help. For example, making the initial perturbations larger to explore the solution space more.

Alternatively, using a different perturbation strategy that's more targeted. For example, instead of adding Gaussian noise, perhaps swapping values between points or adjusting certain points that contribute to the maximum shift.

But how to implement this in code. It might be complex. Let's think about what the previous code does. It takes the best h so far, adds Gaussian noise, clips it, renormalizes, and then runs SLSQP from there. This is essentially a local search with random restarts.

To improve this, perhaps increasing the number of perturbations, or increasing the number of SLSQP iterations per perturbation. For example, instead of running SLSQP for 150 iterations per perturbation, maybe run it more or less.

Alternatively, using a different optimizer. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds, which might be more efficient for this problem.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed n_points=70. Maybe trying a larger n_points, like 100, could provide a better approximation. But the user said smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. However, with 100 points, the outer loop would take more time. But if the code can run within the time budget for n_points=70, then that's better.

Alternatively, let's try to improve the previous code by changing the optimization method. For example, using 'L-BFGS-B' with bounds and a more efficient termination. Also, adjusting the step size and other parameters.

But I need to write the code. Let me outline the changes:

- Use a better optimizer, like 'L-BFGS-B'.
- Adjust the 'ftol' and 'gtol' parameters to get a more accurate solution.
- Increase the number of iterations or the frequency of perturbations.
- Use a more aggressive initial perturbation.

But let's consider the code structure. The previous code has a while loop that runs for the time budget. Inside the loop, it does a random perturbation, then runs SLSQP. So maybe the code can be modified to use a better optimizer.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with options like ftol=1e-9, which might be too strict and causing the optimizer to take too long. Maybe loosening these parameters could improve the speed.

Also, in the previous code, after the perturbation, the code renormalizes the perturbed vector to make sure the sum is n_points / 2. However, this might introduce some bias. Perhaps, instead of renormalizing, using the constraint in the optimizer.

But in the current code, the constraint is already added to the minimize function, so the renormalization should be unnecessary. Wait, no: the perturbed vector is clipped and then renormalized to ensure sum(h) = n_points /2. This is done explicitly because the perturbation might cause the sum to change. However, the constraint in the minimize function ensures that sum(h) = n_points/2. So, this step is redundant and might be causing issues. Removing this step might be better.

Wait, the code has:

perturbed = perturbed * (ones_count / np.sum(perturbed))

This line scales the perturbed vector to have the correct sum. But this is done before passing to the optimizer, which already has the constraint. So, this may not be necessary. Removing this step could allow the optimizer to handle the constraint correctly, and perhaps avoid some inaccuracies.

But I'm not sure. Maybe this is an optimization that can be done.

Another idea: instead of random perturbations, we can generate perturbations based on the current h. For example, for the current maximum shift, adjust the points that contribute most to that shift. However, this requires more sophisticated code.

Alternatively, the code can be modified to use a different initial guess, but since initial_h_values is available, we are using it.

Given all this, let's proceed to adjust the code as follows:

- Use the 'L-BFGS-B' method for optimization instead of 'SLSQP'.
- Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for faster convergence.
- Remove the clipping and renormalization steps, relying on the optimizer's constraints.
- Increase the number of iterations per optimization.
- Use a different perturbation strategy, such as adding a random step to certain points.

But implementing this requires testing. 

Alternatively, using the previous code but making the perturbations more effective. For example, instead of adding Gaussian noise, perturbing the h values in a way that targets the regions contributing to the maximum cross-correlation.

But without knowing which regions are contributing, this is hard.

Another thing: the previous code's objective function is the max of the cross-correlation. But calculating this max each time is computationally expensive. However, with n_points=70, it's manageable.

In summary, the main improvements I can think of are:

1. Changing the optimization method to 'L-BFGS-B' or another efficient method.
2. Removing or modifying the renormalization step to avoid introducing biases.
3. Adjusting the perturbation parameters to allow for better exploration.
4. Increasing the number of iterations or the frequency of perturbations.
5. Using a more efficient way to handle the constraints.

Let me try to adjust the code accordingly. Also, ensuring that the code fits within the 1100-second budget.

Another idea: since the previous code's result was 0.380949, which is slightly above the target of 0.380876, the code needs to find a solution that's better. Perhaps using a different initial guess or a better optimization strategy.

But since the initial_h_values is given, and the user says to use it, the code must use it. Therefore, the only way to improve is through the optimization process.

Finally, I'll write the code with these modifications, possibly changing the optimization method, adjusting the perturbation, and tightening the constraints.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 70
    ones_count = n_points // 2
    if 'initial_h_values' in globals():
        h = initial_h_values.copy()
    else:
        h = np.full(n_points, 0.5)
    h = np.clip(h, 0, 1)
    h = h * (ones_count / np.sum(h))
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = np.max(np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')) * (2.0 / n_points)
    start_time = time.time()
    total_steps = 500
    for step in range(total_steps):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Priority: optimize the current max shift
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        max_k = np.argmax(corr)
        h_indices = np.arange(len(corr))
        grad = np.zeros(n_points)
        for i in range(n_points):
            for j in range(n_points):
                shift = (i - j) % n_points
                if shift == max_k:
                    grad[i] -= (1 - h[j]) * (2.0 / n_points)
                    grad[j] += h[i] * (2.0 / n_points)
        alpha = 0.2 * (1 - step / total_steps)
        h_candidate = h - alpha * grad
        h_candidate = np.clip(h_candidate, 0, 1)
        h_candidate = h_candidate * (ones_count / np.sum(h_candidate))
        result = minimize(
            fun=lambda x: np.max(np.correlate(x, 1 - x, mode='full')) * (2.0 / n_points),
            x0=h_candidate,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=[(0, 1)] * n_points,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda x: np.sum(x) - ones_count},
            options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-8, 'disp': False}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
        h = result.x if result.success else h
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```