<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and we need to get it down to 0.380876 or lower. 

First, I need to understand what the problem is asking. The function h is a step function on [0,2] that integrates to 1. The overlap integral C₅ is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. We need to minimize this maximum value.

The previous approach used a random initial guess and then perturbations with SLSQP optimization. But maybe that's not efficient enough. Let's think about possible improvements.

One idea is to use a more structured initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point, but maybe there's a better way to construct it. For example, using a periodic or symmetric pattern could help balance the overlap.

Another thought is that the problem resembles a covering problem, where we want to minimize the maximum overlap. Maybe using a greedy approach where we iteratively adjust h to reduce the maximum overlap. But how to implement that?

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of several integrals, perhaps we can model this as an optimization problem with constraints. The previous code used SLSQP, but maybe a different optimization method or a more efficient algorithm would help. For example, using a genetic algorithm or a particle swarm optimization could explore the search space more effectively, especially if we're trying to avoid local minima.

Wait, but the previous code already uses SLSQP with perturbations. Maybe the issue is the choice of initial guesses. If we start from the initial_h_values and then use some local optimization, but maybe we can also try different initial configurations. For instance, using a checkerboard pattern or a more regular structure might lead to better results.

Another angle: the overlap integral for different shifts k. To minimize the maximum, perhaps we can model this as a game where we try to balance the overlaps for all possible shifts. However, since k can be any real number, it's challenging. But in the discretized version, we have to consider the shifts that correspond to the samples.

Wait, the discretization uses n_points samples, and the correlation is computed with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. But the actual integral for a shift k would be approximated by the correlation at that shift. However, the exact value depends on the spacing between samples. Maybe there's a way to choose the samples such that the overlaps for critical shifts are minimized.

Another idea is to use a more efficient optimization approach. For example, using a gradient-based method with a better initial guess. The previous code uses SLSQP, but maybe using a different solver like COBYLA or BFGS could be better. Also, perhaps using a more sophisticated perturbation strategy, like simulated annealing, to escape local optima.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations and a decaying noise scale. Maybe instead of that, we can use a more adaptive approach, like varying the noise scale based on the current best solution. Or perhaps using a multi-start approach with different initial configurations.

Also, considering the constraints: the sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. This is a equality constraint, which the previous code handles with SLSQP. But maybe using a different optimization framework, like CVX, could help, but the user mentioned using scipy and numpy.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that minimizes the maximum overlap with its shifted versions. This is akin to a problem in signal processing where you want a signal that doesn't overlap too much with its shifts. Maybe using techniques from that field, like designing a signal with certain properties.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is over [0,2], perhaps the optimal h is a periodic function with certain symmetry. For example, a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap too much. But since the integral must be 1, the total area under h is 1. So for n_points=100, each sample is 0.02 in width. So maybe a piecewise constant function with certain intervals.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a specific construction. Let me think about what that could be. If the initial guess is a certain pattern, maybe it's a periodic function with a specific period. For example, if the initial guess is a square wave with a certain duty cycle. But without knowing the exact initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the user says that the initial_h_values is provided, so maybe it's a known good starting point.

So, perhaps the previous approach is not sufficient because it's stuck in a local minimum. To improve, maybe we can try different initial configurations. For example, using a more regular structure, like a sine wave or a more complex pattern.

Another approach: instead of using SLSQP, use a global optimization method. But with the time budget, that might be challenging. However, maybe using a combination of local optimization and global search strategies could help. For example, using a genetic algorithm to generate diverse initial guesses and then refining them with local optimization.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing method. Let's think about the previous code. It uses multiple initial guesses, perturbs them, and then optimizes. Maybe the problem is that the number of perturbations is too low. For example, 300 perturbations might not be enough. Also, the phase_decay is 0.96, which reduces the noise quickly. Maybe adjusting the parameters could help.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradients and can handle constraints. Or using a Bayesian optimization approach to find the best parameters.

Another idea: the objective function is the maximum of several correlation values. To minimize this maximum, perhaps we can use a penalty method where we try to minimize the maximum by penalizing large values. However, this is what the current approach is doing.

Wait, the current code computes the max of the correlation, which is the C5 value. The optimization is trying to minimize this maximum. So, the problem is a convex optimization problem? Not sure. The function to minimize is the maximum of several convex functions (since the correlation is a convex function?), but the maximum of convex functions is convex. However, the constraints are linear. So, maybe this is a convex optimization problem, and we can use a solver that handles convex problems more efficiently.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is for nonlinearly constrained optimization. However, if the problem is convex, then using a convex solver like ECOS or SCS might be better. However, the user mentioned using scipy, so maybe the available solvers are limited. For example, the previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe switching to a different method or using a more efficient solver could help.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be transformed into a more tractable form. For example, since the integral is over x and the shift k, maybe we can find a way to represent the problem in terms of Fourier transforms. However, I'm not sure how to proceed with that.

Another angle: the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) dx is 1, this becomes 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, the C5 is the maximum over k of 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. So, minimizing the maximum of this expression is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. 

This suggests that the problem is related to maximizing the minimum cross-correlation between h and its shifts. So, perhaps designing h to have high cross-correlation with its shifts would lead to a lower C5. But how to achieve that?

Alternatively, maybe using a function that is as "spread out" as possible. For example, a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged such that their shifts don't overlap much. But with the integral constraint, this requires balancing the areas.

Another idea: using a function with multiple "blocks" of 1s and 0s. For example, if the function is 1 for a certain length, then 0, then 1 again, etc., arranged periodically. However, the exact arrangement would need to be optimized.

But how to translate this into code? Maybe starting with a structured initial guess, like a periodic function, and then optimizing it.

Let me think about the previous code. It starts with initial_h_values, which might be a certain structured guess. The code then generates random initial guesses and perturbs them. However, maybe the initial guess is already a good starting point, and we can focus on optimizing it more effectively.

Perhaps the issue is the optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe using a more efficient optimization method, like using a gradient descent with momentum, or using a better solver.

Alternatively, maybe using a different approach: instead of trying to minimize the maximum directly, we can use a bilevel optimization approach where we try to find h that minimizes the maximum overlap. But this is likely to be computationally expensive.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum, maybe we can use a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to balance the different overlaps. However, this is vague.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is determined by certain critical shifts, perhaps we can focus on optimizing h to minimize the overlaps for those critical shifts. For example, if we can identify which shifts are most problematic, we can adjust h to reduce those overlaps.

But how to identify those shifts? It's not clear. However, during the optimization process, we can track which shifts contribute the most to the maximum and adjust accordingly.

Another idea: using a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. However, for the integral, we need to consider the shifts that are within the interval [0,2]. But perhaps there's a way to compute only the relevant shifts, which could speed up the computation and allow for more iterations.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the main issue is the optimization method. Let's think about the previous code's parameters. The number of perturbations is 300, and the phase_decay is 0.96. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or adjusting the decay rate could lead to better results. Also, the initial guesses are generated randomly, but perhaps using a more structured initial guess could help.

Wait, the user mentioned that the initial_h_values is available. So maybe starting from that and then using a more effective optimization method would be better. For example, using a local optimization method with a better initial guess.

Another approach: using a genetic algorithm. Each individual is a vector of h values. The fitness function is the C5 value, and we want to minimize it. The genetic algorithm would evolve the population over generations, selecting individuals with lower C5 values. This could potentially find a better solution than the previous method, especially if the initial guess is not good enough.

But implementing a genetic algorithm within the time budget might be challenging. However, given that the previous code uses a local optimization approach, maybe combining it with a genetic algorithm could help. However, the code needs to be efficient.

Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach. Each particle represents a candidate solution, and the swarm moves through the search space to find the optimal solution. PSO is known for its ability to escape local optima and could be effective here.

But again, implementing PSO within the time constraints might be complex. Let me think about the previous code's structure. It uses multiple initial guesses and perturbations. Maybe instead of perturbing, we can use a more systematic approach to explore the search space.

Another idea: using a surrogate model to approximate the objective function and guide the optimization. For example, using a Gaussian process to model the C5 value as a function of h, and then using Bayesian optimization to find the minimum. However, this requires more complex code and might be time-consuming to implement.

Alternatively, perhaps the previous code can be improved by using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method in scipy.optimize.minimize, which is a quasi-Newton method that can handle bounds. This method might converge faster than SLSQP.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (300) for each perturbation. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could lead to better results, but this would take more time. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, so we need to balance between the number of iterations and the number of perturbations.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed noise scale that decays exponentially. Maybe instead of that, using a different noise schedule, such as a larger initial noise and a slower decay, could help explore the search space more effectively.

Let me outline a possible strategy:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as the base guess.
2. Use a local optimization method (like L-BFGS-B) to refine the guess.
3. Use a multi-start approach with different initial guesses, including the initial_h_values and some randomly generated ones.
4. Use a more efficient optimization method that can handle the constraints better.
5. Adjust the perturbation strategy to explore the search space more thoroughly.
6. Consider using a different solver, like COBYLA or SLSQP with better parameters.

But how to implement this in code?

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, perhaps we can use a penalty method where we penalize the maximum value. However, this is what the current code is already doing.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem. For example, if we can find a way to represent the maximum as a convex function, then we can use a convex solver. But I'm not sure how to do that.

Another angle: the integral ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx can be rewritten as ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since ∫ h(x) dx is 1, this becomes 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, the C5 is the maximum over k of 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. So, minimizing C5 is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over k.

This suggests that we need to maximize the minimum cross-correlation between h and its shifts. This is similar to designing a signal with high autocorrelation, but here it's about the minimum cross-correlation with its shifts.

This problem is similar to the concept of a "good" sequence in coding theory, where you want sequences with low cross-correlation. Perhaps techniques from that field can be applied here.

In coding theory, sequences with low cross-correlation are used in spread spectrum communications. The goal is to design sequences where the cross-correlation between any two shifted versions is minimized. This is similar to our problem, except we have a single sequence h and want to minimize the maximum cross-correlation with its shifts.

So, perhaps using techniques from sequence design, such as using a Barker code or other low-correlation sequences, could help. However, Barker codes are for binary sequences and have specific properties. For example, a Barker code of length 11 has cross-correlation values of 0 or 1, but it's not clear how to apply that here.

Alternatively, using a sequence with a certain structure, like a de Bruijn sequence or a Golomb ruler, might help. But again, it's not straightforward.

Another thought: the problem is similar to the "minimum maximum overlap" problem, which is what the Erdős constant is about. The current best known value is around 0.38, and we need to improve it. 

Given that the previous code achieved 0.380969, we need to find a better solution. Perhaps the key is to use a more efficient optimization method and a better initial guess.

So, here's a plan for the new code:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as the base guess.
2. Use a more efficient optimization method, such as L-BFGS-B, which is better for bound-constrained problems.
3. Use a multi-start approach with multiple initial guesses, including the initial_h_values and some random ones.
4. Use a larger number of perturbations and adjust the noise schedule to allow for more exploration.
5. Use a more aggressive optimization with more iterations per perturbation.
6. Consider using a different solver, like COBYLA, which handles bounds and constraints well.

Additionally, we can try to generate better initial guesses by using a structured approach. For example, creating a periodic function with certain properties.

But how to implement this in code? Let's outline the steps.

First, the code needs to generate initial guesses. The initial_h_values is provided, so we can use that as one initial guess. Then, generate a few other initial guesses, perhaps with different structures.

For the optimization, instead of using SLSQP, maybe use L-BFGS-B. However, since the problem has a constraint (sum(h) = target_sum), we need to handle that. The L-BFGS-B method can handle bounds and equality constraints via the constraints parameter.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with an equality constraint. The L-BFGS-B method does not support equality constraints directly, but we can use a penalty method or reformulate the problem.

Alternatively, we can use the 'SLSQP' method again but with better parameters. Or use a different solver.

Another idea: since the sum constraint is linear, we can use a method that handles equality constraints. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with the equality constraint.

But perhaps the previous code's optimization is not converging sufficiently. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance parameters could help.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the necessary values or vectorizing the operations.

Now, considering the time budget of 100 seconds, we need to make sure that the code runs within that time. The previous code uses multiple perturbations and optimizations. Maybe reducing the number of perturbations but increasing the number of iterations per optimization could be better.

Alternatively, using a different approach: instead of perturbing the initial guess, use a more systematic search. For example, using a grid search over certain parameters, but that's likely to be too slow.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a gradient descent approach where we adjust h to reduce the maximum overlap. However, the objective function is non-differentiable, so this might be challenging.

Alternatively, using a stochastic gradient descent approach, where we randomly sample shifts and adjust h to reduce the overlap for those shifts. But this is more of a heuristic.

In summary, the key improvements could be:

- Using a more efficient optimization method.
- Using a better initial guess.
- Adjusting the perturbation strategy to explore the search space more effectively.
- Increasing the number of iterations or the number of initial guesses.

Now, translating this into code. Let's think about the code structure.

The previous code uses multiple initial guesses and perturbs them. Let's try to improve that.

First, use the initial_h_values as the first guess. Then, generate a few more initial guesses, perhaps with different structures. For example, a random guess, and a structured guess like a periodic function.

Then, for each initial guess, perform an optimization. The optimization should use a method that is efficient and can handle the constraints.

In the previous code, the optimization uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Let's try using L-BFGS-B with a penalty for the constraint. However, since L-BFGS-B doesn't support equality constraints directly, we can use a penalty method. Alternatively, use the 'SLSQP' method with better parameters.

Another idea: use the 'COBYLA' method, which handles bounds and constraints. Let's try that.

Also, adjust the number of iterations and the tolerance. For example, increasing the maxiter to 500 and reducing ftol to 1e-10.

Another thing: the previous code computes the correlation for all shifts and takes the maximum. This is correct, but perhaps there's a way to compute it more efficiently. However, for the purposes of this code, it's probably acceptable.

Now, let's outline the code changes:

- Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.
- Generate additional initial guesses, perhaps with a structured pattern.
- For each initial guess, perform an optimization using a more efficient method.
- Use a larger number of iterations per optimization.
- Adjust the perturbation strategy to allow for more exploration.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code uses a loop over initial_guesses, and for each, performs perturbations. Maybe instead of perturbations, we can use a more systematic approach.

Alternatively, use a multi-start optimization with different initial guesses and let the optimizer find the best solution.

Another idea: use a combination of local optimization and global search. For example, use a genetic algorithm to generate diverse initial guesses and then refine them with local optimization.

But implementing a genetic algorithm might be time-consuming. However, given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to stick with the previous approach but improve the optimization parameters.

So, here's the plan for the new code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.
2. Generate a few more initial guesses, like random ones.
3. For each initial guess, perform an optimization using the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations and tighter tolerances.
4. Use a different perturbation strategy, perhaps with a slower decay in noise scale to allow for more exploration.
5. Track the best solution found and return it.

Now, let's think about the code implementation.

First, the initial_h_values is provided. The code will start with that. Then, generate a few random initial guesses. For each, perform an optimization.

The optimization function will take the initial guess and try to minimize the maximum overlap. The objective function is the maximum of the correlation values multiplied by dx.

The constraints are that the sum of h is equal to target_sum (n_points / 2).

In the previous code, the optimization uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Let's increase the maxiter to 500 and reduce ftol to 1e-10.

Also, the perturbation strategy can be adjusted. Instead of decaying the noise scale quickly, maybe keep it higher for more iterations. Or use a different schedule.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the current best guess, use a different initial guess for each optimization run. This way, we can explore different regions of the search space.

But the previous code already does that by generating multiple initial guesses.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to compute the correlation. For example, using FFT-based convolution, which is faster for large n_points. However, for small n_points (like 100), the difference might be negligible.

In the code, the correlation is computed with np.correlate, which is O(n^2). For n_points=100, this is manageable.

Now, let's think about the code structure. The previous code uses a loop over initial_guesses, and for each, performs perturbations. Let's modify that to use a more efficient optimization method.

For example, instead of perturbing, use the initial guess and perform an optimization with the 'SLSQP' method, with more iterations.

But how to handle the perturbations? Maybe the previous approach of perturbing the current best guess is a way to explore the search space, but perhaps it's not effective. Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses.

In the new code, perhaps we can use the initial_h_values and a few random guesses, and for each, perform an optimization with the 'SLSQP' method, allowing more iterations.

Let me outline the code steps:

- Set the initial guess as initial_h_values.
- Generate a few random initial guesses.
- For each initial guess, perform an optimization with SLSQP, with more iterations and tighter tolerances.
- Track the best solution found.

This would be simpler than the previous approach, which used perturbations. However, it might not explore the search space as thoroughly.

Another idea: combine both approaches. Use the initial guesses and then perform perturbations on the current best solution.

But given time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to use the initial_h_values and a few random guesses, perform an optimization with more iterations, and see if that improves the result.

Now, implementing this in code. Let's adjust the previous code to use a different optimization method and parameters.

For example:

- Use the 'SLSQP' method with higher maxiter and lower ftol.
- Use the initial_h_values and a few random guesses.
- For each guess, perform an optimization and track the best result.

This would be simpler and might lead to better results.

Another possible improvement: using a different solver. For example, using the 'COBYLA' method, which handles bounds and constraints.

But I need to check if the solver can handle the equality constraint. The 'COBYLA' method can handle equality constraints via the constraints parameter.

So, in code, the constraints would be:

cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})

And the bounds would be [(0, 1)] * n_points.

So, using the 'COBYLA' method with this constraint.

Let me try to adjust the code accordingly.

Another thing: the previous code uses a perturbation strategy with noise, but if we use a more efficient optimization method, perhaps we can eliminate the perturbations and just use the initial guesses.

In conclusion, the new code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.
- Generate a few random guesses.
- For each guess, perform an optimization with a more efficient method (like COBYLA or SLSQP with better parameters).
- Track the best solution found.

This should be more efficient and might lead to better results.

Now, implementing this in code. Let's adjust the previous code to use COBYLA and increase the number of iterations.

But I need to make sure that the code is within the time budget. Let's proceed.

The final code would look something like this:

import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Generate multiple initial guesses
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess]
    # Generate 2 random initial guesses
    for _ in range(2):
        random_h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
        random_h = random_h * (target_sum / np.sum(random_h))
        initial_guesses.append(random_h)
    
    # For each initial guess, run the optimization
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Optimization with COBYLA
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            guess,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

But wait, the previous code used a perturbation strategy with multiple iterations. This code uses only one optimization per initial guess. However, this might not be sufficient. To improve, perhaps we can use a multi-start approach with more initial guesses and more iterations.

Alternatively, use a combination of different optimization methods.

Another idea: use the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is faster for bound-constrained problems. However, it doesn't handle equality constraints directly. To handle the equality constraint, we can use a penalty method. For example, adding a penalty term to the objective function that enforces the constraint.

But this complicates the code. Alternatively, use the 'SLSQP' method with better parameters.

Let me adjust the code to use 'SLSQP' with more iterations and tighter tolerances.

Another possible improvement is to use a larger number of initial guesses. For example, generate more random initial guesses to explore the search space.

In the previous code, the initial_guesses are generated with 3 guesses (initial + 2 random). Maybe increasing this to 5 or 10 would help.

But with time constraints, it's important to balance between the number of initial guesses and the time spent on each optimization.

In conclusion, the new code would use a more efficient optimization method (like COBYLA or SLSQP with better parameters), generate multiple initial guesses, and track the best solution found.

Now, let's write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Generate multiple initial guesses
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess]
    # Generate 3 random initial guesses
    for _ in range(3):
        random_h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
        random_h = random_h * (target_sum / np.sum(random_h))
        initial_guesses.append(random_h)
    
    # For each initial guess, run the optimization
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Optimization with SLSQP with tighter tolerances
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```