<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used a perturbation-based optimization approach with SLSQP, but maybe there's a better way.

First, I should understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k is minimized. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The challenge is to minimize the maximum of these integrals.

The previous approach used multiple initial guesses, perturbations, and SLSQP optimization. But maybe that's too slow or not effective enough. Let me think about alternative strategies.

One idea is to use a different optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization method could help escape local minima. However, global optimization is computationally expensive. Alternatively, maybe a more efficient local search with better heuristics.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem or a scheduling problem where we want to distribute the function h such that overlapping with its shifted versions is minimized. Perhaps there's a pattern or structure that can be exploited.

The initial guess is given as initial_h_values with n=100 points. Maybe starting from that and trying to refine it with a better optimization approach could help. Also, maybe trying different numbers of points. The previous code used n=100, but maybe a smaller n could be faster and still effective?

Wait, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe trying with n=50 or 100 points is better. Let me check the previous code's n_points. The initial_h_values is for n=100. So maybe keeping n=100 is acceptable.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP, maybe use a different optimization library or method. For example, using genetic algorithms or simulated annealing. But those might be too slow for the time budget. Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient local search with gradient-based methods.

Wait, the previous code's objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. The cross-correlation here is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'). The maximum of this over all shifts k. But the integral is multiplied by dx, which is 2/n_points.

But how is the cross-correlation computed? For a function h, the cross-correlation with 1-h would be the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx for each shift k. However, the mode='full' in numpy's correlate gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. But since the original function is on [0,2], shifting by k would require considering k in a certain range. However, the maximum is taken over all k, which in the code is computed as the maximum of the cross-correlation values multiplied by dx.

But maybe there's a way to model this more efficiently. For example, the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since h is a step function, maybe we can model this as a set of intervals where h is 0 or 1, and then compute overlaps.

But perhaps that's too abstract. Let's think about the optimization approach again. The previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe the problem is that the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. To improve, perhaps using a different initial guess or a more effective optimization strategy.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the initial guess, maybe use a more systematic approach. For example, using a grid search over certain parameters, or using a Bayesian optimization approach to find the best h.

Alternatively, maybe using a different formulation. The problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals. This is a min-max problem. Maybe we can model this as a convex optimization problem, but I'm not sure. The integrals are linear in h, but the maximum is a non-convex operation. So it's challenging.

Wait, perhaps we can use a dual formulation. For example, for each k, the integral is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Let me think about the constraints. The integral over x of h(x) dx is 1. So maybe we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we have to minimize the maximum of several linear functions (the integrals) subject to the integral constraint.

But since the maximum is over multiple integrals, it's a semi-infinite optimization problem. However, since we are working with discretized h, maybe we can approximate it by considering all possible shifts k that are relevant. For example, in the discretized case, the shifts k would be multiples of dx, but perhaps only certain shifts are critical.

But how to handle this in practice? Maybe the previous approach of using the cross-correlation is the way to go, but perhaps with a better optimization method.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (300) and a decay in noise. Maybe adjusting these parameters could help. For example, using more perturbations but with smaller steps, or using a different perturbation strategy.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method which handles bounds well, or the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm. Or maybe using a combination of methods.

Wait, the previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe changing the method could help. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method which is a bounded optimization method. Or using a different solver like 'SLSQP' with tighter tolerances.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, perhaps we can use a penalty method where we try to minimize the maximum by adding a penalty term. However, this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, perhaps using a multi-objective optimization approach where we try to balance the integrals for different shifts. But again, this is not straightforward.

Let me think about the current code's structure. It starts with an initial guess, then generates a few random initial guesses, and for each, performs a series of perturbations and optimizations. The best result from all these is returned.

But maybe the initial guess is not good enough. The initial_h_values might be a suboptimal starting point. Perhaps generating better initial guesses could help. For example, using a more informed initial guess based on known patterns or structures.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be approached by dividing the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 0 or 1, and then optimizing the placement of these regions to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, if we can find a way to arrange the regions such that the overlap with shifted versions is minimized.

But how to model this? It might be complex. However, for a step function with n points, maybe we can model it as a binary vector (0 or 1) and then optimize the positions. But that's a combinatorial problem, which is difficult for large n.

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy approach. For example, starting with a uniform distribution and then iteratively adjusting the function to reduce the maximum overlap.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is such that the overlap with any shift is roughly the same. This is similar to a uniform distribution in some sense. But how to achieve that?

Alternatively, considering the problem as a covering problem where we want to cover the interval [0,2] with regions where h is 1, such that shifting these regions doesn't overlap too much. But again, how to model this.

Perhaps looking for existing literature or known constructions for the Erdős problem. But since I can't access external resources, I need to think from first principles.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe we can model this as a game between two players. One player chooses h, the other chooses k to maximize the overlap. Our goal is to choose h such that the second player's best move gives the smallest possible value.

This is a min-max problem, which is challenging. However, in practice, we can approximate it by considering the cross-correlation as the maximum over k.

Let me think about the previous code's objective function. The code computes the cross-correlation between h and 1-h, then takes the maximum value and multiplies by dx. But perhaps there's a way to compute this more efficiently or with better numerical stability.

Wait, the cross-correlation in numpy's correlate function might not be exactly the same as the integral. For example, the cross-correlation for mode 'full' gives the convolution of h with the reversed 1-h. But the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx for a shift k would correspond to a certain part of the cross-correlation. Maybe there's a way to compute this more accurately.

Alternatively, perhaps the code is correct, but the way the cross-correlation is computed could be adjusted. For example, ensuring that the shifts are properly accounted for.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (300) and a decay factor. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations could help, but that would take more time. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, so we need to balance between the number of iterations and the time spent per iteration.

Alternatively, maybe using a different perturbation strategy. For example, instead of adding random noise, using a more structured perturbation that targets specific regions of the function.

Another idea: using a different optimization method for each initial guess. For example, using a genetic algorithm for the initial exploration and then switching to a local optimizer once a good candidate is found. However, implementing a genetic algorithm might be time-consuming and may not fit within the time budget.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimizer. For example, using the 'BFGS' method with bounds, which might converge faster. Or using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method, which doesn't require gradients but can be effective for certain problems.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe the problem is that the optimization is too slow or not effective. Let me think about the constraints. The constraint is that the sum of h is fixed. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation values.

Another approach: since the maximum is over all k, perhaps we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we minimize the maximum of several linear functions. However, this is a semi-infinite problem. But with the discretized h, we can approximate it by considering all possible k that are relevant. For example, in the discretized case, the shifts k can be multiples of dx, but perhaps only certain shifts are critical.

But how to handle this in practice? Maybe we can compute the cross-correlation for all possible shifts and take the maximum. However, this is what the previous code does.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different formulation. For example, for each possible shift k, the integral is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Let me expand this:

∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx = 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx.

So the overlap integral is 1 minus the integral of the product of h and its shifted version. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x) h(x + k) dx over all k.

But I'm not sure if this helps directly. However, perhaps this formulation can be used to model the problem differently.

Another idea: since the integral of h(x) h(x + k) dx is related to the autocorrelation of h, perhaps there's a way to model this as an autocorrelation problem. However, I'm not sure how to proceed with that.

Let me think about the previous code again. It uses multiple initial guesses and perturbations. Maybe the problem is that the initial guess is not good enough. The initial_h_values might be a suboptimal starting point. Perhaps generating better initial guesses could help. For example, using a more structured initial guess based on known patterns.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess, such as a uniform distribution, or a distribution that alternates between 0 and 1 in a certain pattern.

Another thought: since the problem requires the integral of h to be 1 over [0,2], which is equivalent to the average value of h being 0.5. So the function h is a step function that averages 0.5. So perhaps the optimal h is a binary function (0 or 1) with equal numbers of 0s and 1s, but arranged in a way that minimizes overlap.

But for a binary function, the overlap integral would be the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since h is binary, this becomes the measure of the set where h(x) = 1 and h(x + k) = 0. So the overlap is the length of the intersection between the regions where h is 1 and the regions where h is 0 shifted by k.

Therefore, the problem reduces to arranging the regions where h is 1 such that their shifted versions overlap as little as possible. This is similar to a covering problem where we want to place intervals (or regions) such that their shifted versions don't overlap too much.

For example, if the regions are placed in a periodic fashion, perhaps with certain spacing, this could minimize overlap. However, the exact arrangement is not obvious.

But how to model this for a step function with n points? Maybe using a periodic pattern. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and setting h to 1 in certain intervals. For instance, if we divide [0,2] into m intervals and set h to 1 in half of them, arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

But how to choose m and the arrangement? This might be a way to generate an initial guess. For example, using a pattern like 1,0,1,0,... which would have a certain overlap when shifted. However, this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern, such as a sine wave-like function, but since h is a step function, this might not be directly applicable.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is such that the overlap for any shift k is approximately the same. This would suggest that the function h is designed to have uniform overlap properties. For example, a function that is "balanced" in some way.

But how to construct such a function? Maybe using a random permutation of 0s and 1s, but ensuring the integral constraint. However, this might not be effective.

Let me think about the previous code's performance. The previous code achieved a C₅ of 0.380969, which is slightly above the target of 0.380876. To improve this, perhaps we need to find a better initial guess or a more effective optimization strategy.

Another approach: instead of using SLSQP, use a different optimization library or method. For example, using the 'COBYLA' method which handles bounds and constraints. Or using 'SLSQP' with different settings.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the cross-correlation for all shifts and finding the maximum. However, the previous code already does this.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (300) and a decay factor. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations could help, but that would take more time. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, so we need to balance.

Alternatively, using a different perturbation strategy. For example, instead of adding random noise, using a more systematic approach to perturb the function. For example, flipping certain points or adjusting them in a way that targets specific regions.

Another idea: using a Bayesian optimization approach to find the best h. This would involve defining an acquisition function that balances exploration and exploitation. However, implementing this might be complex and time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a multi-start optimization approach with different initial guesses. For example, generating multiple initial guesses based on different patterns and optimizing each one.

But how to generate these patterns? Maybe using different initial guesses like uniform, alternating, or random.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a penalty method where we try to minimize the maximum by adding a penalty term. For example, the objective function could be the maximum of the cross-correlation values, and we can use a solver that can handle this.

But the previous code already uses this approach. So perhaps the issue is with the optimization method or the initial guesses.

Let me think about the previous code's hyperparameters. The number of perturbations is 300, and the phase_decay is 0.96. Maybe adjusting these parameters could help. For example, using a smaller phase_decay to allow more perturbations with larger noise initially, which could help escape local minima.

Alternatively, using a different number of initial guesses. The previous code uses 3 initial guesses (the initial_h_values plus two random ones). Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help find a better solution.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations per initial guess. Maybe varying the number of perturbations based on the progress. For example, if the current best is improving, continue with more perturbations, else stop.

But how to implement this within the time budget?

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for each initial guess. For example, using a combination of local and global optimization steps.

Another idea: using a different way to compute the cross-correlation. For example, instead of using numpy's correlate, compute it manually for each shift. This might be more accurate or faster.

Wait, the cross-correlation in the code is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'). However, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx for a given k is the same as the cross-correlation value at shift k multiplied by dx. But perhaps the way the cross-correlation is computed is not exactly matching the integral. Let me check.

For example, the cross-correlation of h and 1-h is defined as:

cross_corr[k] = sum_{i} h[i] * (1 - h[i + k]) for all valid i.

But in the case of mode='full', the cross-correlation includes all possible shifts. However, the actual integral would require integrating over x, which in the discretized case is approximated by summing over the grid points multiplied by dx. So the code's approach is correct.

Another thought: the previous code uses the same dx for all shifts, but maybe there's a way to adjust the shifts to account for the discretization. However, this might not be necessary.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h has certain symmetry properties. For example, being symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2]. This could help in reducing the maximum overlap.

But how to enforce this symmetry in the optimization? It would require adding constraints to the optimization problem, which might complicate things.

Alternatively, generating symmetric initial guesses and optimizing them. For example, starting with a symmetric pattern and then optimizing.

Another approach: using a different optimization library. For example, using CVXOPT or other solvers that might be more efficient for this problem. However, the previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize, which is a general-purpose solver.

Wait, the user mentioned that we can use scipy, numpy, cvxpy, etc. Maybe using cvxpy to formulate the problem as a convex optimization problem. However, since the problem involves a max of linear functions, it's not convex. But perhaps using a different formulation.

Alternatively, using a relaxation of the problem. For example, relaxing the step function to a continuous function and then solving the relaxed problem. However, this might not give the exact solution but could provide a good approximation.

But given the time constraints, perhaps focusing on improving the existing approach is better.

Let me think about the previous code's performance. The code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe the issue is that the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. To address this, perhaps using a different optimization method, such as the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a bounded optimization method and might converge faster.

Alternatively, using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method, which doesn't require gradients and can handle non-smooth functions.

Another idea: using a combination of methods. For example, using a global optimization method to find a good initial guess and then refining it with a local optimizer.

But again, implementing this might be complex.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe instead of perturbing the current best, we can use a more systematic approach, such as varying the parameters of the function in a structured way.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, starting with a function that has a certain pattern, like a periodic function with a specific period, which could help in minimizing overlap.

For example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into m equal parts and set h to 1 in every other part, this could create a pattern that when shifted, overlaps less. But how to choose m and the pattern?

Alternatively, using a random initial guess with a certain structure. For example, generating a random binary vector with half 0s and half 1s, then optimizing it.

But how to ensure that the integral constraint is satisfied? The previous code scales the random guess to meet the sum constraint.

Another idea: using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing all the necessary shifts and storing them, which might save time during optimization.

But the previous code already computes the cross-correlation each time, which is O(n^2) time. For n=100, this is manageable.

Another thought: the previous code uses multiple initial guesses and perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help find a better solution. For example, using 5 initial guesses instead of 3.

Alternatively, using a different way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a combination of the initial_h_values, random guesses, and structured guesses like alternating 0s and 1s.

Another idea: using a different optimization method for each initial guess. For example, using a local optimizer for the initial guess and then using a global optimizer for the perturbations.

But again, this might be complex.

Let me think about the code structure again. The previous code has a loop over initial_guesses, and for each, performs a series of perturbations and optimizations. The best result from all these is returned.

To improve this, perhaps:

1. Use a better initial guess. For example, using a structured initial guess that has a certain pattern, like a periodic function, which might lead to better results.

2. Use a different optimization method that can handle the problem more effectively.

3. Adjust the hyperparameters, such as the number of perturbations, noise scale, and decay factor.

4. Use a different way to compute the objective function, perhaps with more accurate calculations.

Let me try to implement some of these ideas.

First, let's consider using a different initial guess. For example, instead of the initial_h_values, generate a structured initial guess. For example, a binary function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a certain pattern. However, since the integral must be 1, the number of 1s and 0s must be balanced.

For example, if n is even, we can alternate 1 and 0. For n=100, this would give 50 1s and 50 0s. This might be a good starting point. Let's try generating such an initial guess.

Another idea: use a random initial guess with a certain structure. For example, placing the 1s in a way that they are spaced out.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess but with a certain distribution, like a uniform distribution with some variance.

But how to generate this? The previous code uses random.uniform(0, 1) and scales it to meet the sum constraint. This might be a good starting point.

Another idea: use a different optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method which is more efficient for bounded problems. Let me try changing the method to 'L-BFGS-B' and see if it improves the results.

Also, adjusting the tolerance settings to get a better convergence.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (300), but perhaps reducing this number and increasing the number of initial guesses could help. For example, using 5 initial guesses and 100 perturbations each.

But the time budget is 100 seconds. Let me estimate the time. For each initial guess, the code performs 300 perturbations. For 3 initial guesses, that's 900 perturbations. If each perturbation takes about 0.1 seconds, that's 90 seconds, leaving 10 seconds for other tasks. But this is a rough estimate.

Alternatively, reducing the number of perturbations per initial guess and increasing the number of initial guesses.

Another idea: using a different way to generate perturbations. Instead of adding random noise, using a more structured perturbation, such as flipping certain points or adjusting them in a way that targets specific regions.

But this might be complex to implement.

Let me try to adjust the code to use a different optimization method and see if that helps. For example, changing the method to 'L-BFGS-B' and adjusting the parameters.

Also, perhaps using a different way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the cross-correlation for all shifts and taking the maximum.

But the previous code already does this.

Another idea: using a different way to handle the constraints. The current code uses an equality constraint for the sum of h. Maybe using a different constraint formulation could help.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where the constraint is incorporated into the objective function. But this might complicate the optimization.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed noise scale that decays over time. Maybe using a different noise scale strategy, such as a larger initial noise and a slower decay, to allow for more exploration.

Alternatively, using a larger number of perturbations with smaller noise scales.

Another idea: using a different initial guess. For example, using the initial_h_values and also generating a few structured initial guesses, such as alternating 0s and 1s, or other patterns.

Let me try to implement these ideas.

First, let's try changing the optimization method to 'L-BFGS-B' and see if that helps. Also, adjust the number of perturbations and other parameters.

Another idea: using a different way to generate the initial guesses. For example, in addition to the initial_h_values and random guesses, generate a structured guess like alternating 0s and 1s.

Let me outline the steps for the new code:

1. Generate multiple initial guesses: the initial_h_values, a few random guesses, and a structured guess (like alternating 0s and 1s).

2. For each initial guess, perform a series of perturbations and optimizations using a different method (e.g., 'L-BFGS-B').

3. Track the best result found.

4. Adjust hyperparameters like the number of perturbations, noise scale, and decay factor.

Additionally, adjust the optimization settings, such as the tolerance and maximum iterations.

Another idea: using a different way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing all the shifts and storing them, which might save time during optimization.

But the previous code already computes the cross-correlation each time.

Another thought: using a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. For example, using convolution instead of correlate. However, numpy's correlate is already efficient.

Let me try to write the code with these changes.

First, generate a structured initial guess. For example, an alternating pattern of 0s and 1s. For n=100, this would be 50 0s and 50 1s, alternating. But since the initial_h_values may already be a good guess, perhaps adding this as another initial guess could help.

Next, change the optimization method to 'L-BFGS-B', which is a bounded optimization method that might converge faster.

Also, adjust the number of perturbations and other parameters.

Another idea: using a different way to handle the constraints. The current code uses an equality constraint for the sum of h. This is correct, but maybe using a different formulation could help. However, it's already handled correctly.

Another thought: using a different way to compute the objective function. For example, instead of using np.correlate, compute the cross-correlation manually for each shift. This might be more accurate or faster.

But for the sake of time, perhaps it's better to stick with the current approach.

Putting it all together, the new code would:

- Use multiple initial guesses, including structured ones.

- Use a different optimization method.

- Adjust hyperparameters like the number of perturbations and noise scale.

Let me try to implement this in code.

Also, considering the time budget, it's important to balance between the number of iterations and the time spent per iteration.

Another idea: using a smaller number of perturbations but with a larger noise scale to allow for more exploration.

For example, reducing the number of perturbations to 100 and increasing the initial noise scale.

But I need to test this.

In summary, the plan is to:

1. Use a different optimization method (e.g., 'L-BFGS-B').

2. Generate more initial guesses, including structured ones.

3. Adjust hyperparameters like the number of perturbations and noise scale.

4. Use a more efficient way to compute the objective function.

Now, let's write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Generate multiple initial guesses
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess]
    # Generate 2 random initial guesses
    for _ in range(2):
        random_h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
        random_h = random_h * (target_sum / np.sum(random_h))
        initial_guesses.append(random_h)
    # Generate a structured guess: alternating 0 and 1
    structured_h = np.zeros(n_points)
    structured_h[::2] = 1.0
    structured_h = structured_h * (target_sum / np.sum(structured_h))
    initial_guesses.append(structured_h)
    
    # For each initial guess, run the optimization
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Perturbation strategy
        num_perturbations = 200  # Reduced to save time
        phase_shift = 0.25  # Larger initial noise magnitude
        phase_decay = 0.98  # Slower decay for more exploration
        
        current_best_c5 = float('inf')
        current_best_h = guess.copy()
        
        for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
            # Adaptive noise magnitude based on phase
            noise_scale = phase_shift * (phase_decay ** perturbation_idx)
            
            # Generate perturbed guess
            perturbed = current_best_h + np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, n_points)
            perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
            current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
            scale = target_sum / current_sum
            perturbed = perturbed * scale
            
            # Objective function
            def objective(h):
                one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
                corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
                return np.max(corr) * dx
            
            # Optimization with L-BFGS-B
            bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
            cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
            
            result = minimize(
                objective,
                perturbed,
                method='L-BFGS-B',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=cons,
                options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 100}
            )
            
            if result.success and result.fun < current_best_c5:
                current_best_c5 = result.fun
                current_best_h = result.x
            
            elapsed = time.time() - start_time
            if elapsed >= budget_s:
                break
        
        # Update the global best
        if current_best_c5 < best_c5:
            best_c5 = current_best_c5
            best_h = current_best_h
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```