<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral. The previous code uses SLSQP with perturbations, but maybe there's a better approach. Let me think about the lessons and how to apply them.

First, the lessons mention using SLSQP with equality constraints, which the current code already does. So that's already in place. But maybe the optimization parameters or the initial guesses could be adjusted. Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations and a phase decay, but perhaps a different strategy for generating initial guesses or perturbations could help avoid local optima.

The current code starts with the initial_h_values (n=100) and adds a couple of random guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. Also, the perturbation approach might be too slow. Maybe using a different optimization method, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, could explore the search space more effectively. However, the problem mentions using scipy, numpy, and other solvers, so perhaps sticking to SLSQP but with better parameter tuning.

Another idea: the overlap integral is computed as the maximum correlation between h and 1-h shifted by k. To minimize the maximum, maybe we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we try to minimize the maximum value of the integral over all shifts. However, since the maximum is involved, it's a bit tricky. The previous code uses a perturbation approach with SLSQP, but perhaps we can use a different objective function or constraints.

Wait, the current code uses a perturbation strategy where each iteration adds noise and then optimizes. Maybe instead of perturbing the current best, we can use a more systematic approach, like using a grid search over possible h values, but that might be too slow for large n_points. Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess strategy, such as starting with a periodic function or a piecewise constant function that has certain symmetry properties.

Another observation: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations (300) and a phase decay. Maybe reducing the number of perturbations but increasing the number of initial guesses could help. Also, the noise scale might be too large initially, leading to poor convergence. Maybe adjusting the noise scale parameters or using a different perturbation strategy, like random mutations with varying scales.

Also, the evaluation of the overlap integral uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the full cross-correlation. But perhaps there's a more efficient way to compute this, especially for large n_points. However, given the time constraints, maybe that's not the issue.

Another thought: the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap. So, perhaps we can model this as a minimax problem. However, solving such problems directly is challenging. The previous approach uses a local optimization method, which might get stuck in local minima. Maybe using a global optimization method, like differential evolution, could help find better solutions. But the available solvers in scipy include differential evolution, which might be worth trying.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. If we switch to a global optimizer like differential evolution, it might explore the search space more thoroughly. However, differential evolution can be slower, but with the budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, maybe it's feasible. Let me check the parameters.

Alternatively, maybe combining multiple optimization strategies. For example, starting with a few initial guesses using a global method and then refining with SLSQP. But how to implement that within the given time?

Another idea: the initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which might be a known good starting point. Maybe improving that initial guess could lead to better results. For example, if the initial_h_values are a specific pattern, like a periodic function with certain properties, perhaps tweaking that pattern could help.

Also, the current code uses a fixed n_points of 100. Maybe trying different n_points could lead to better results. However, the problem states that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe keeping n_points around 100 is better for speed.

Another consideration: the constraints. The sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. The current code enforces this with an equality constraint. That's correct.

Let me think about the objective function. The code computes the maximum correlation between h and 1-h shifted by k, multiplied by dx. To minimize this maximum value. The previous code uses a perturbation approach, but perhaps a better way is to use a more sophisticated optimization strategy.

Wait, maybe the problem can be rephrased as minimizing the maximum value of the integral over all shifts. This is a minimax problem. However, solving this directly is difficult. The previous approach uses a local optimization method, which might not find the global minimum.

An alternative approach is to use a gradient-based method, but since the objective function is non-smooth (due to the max operator), gradients might not be straightforward. However, the current code uses SLSQP, which can handle constraints but might not handle the max function well.

Perhaps instead of using the max function in the objective, we can use a penalty method. For example, approximate the max by a smooth function and then optimize. But this might complicate things.

Alternatively, since the maximum is over all k, maybe we can sample a subset of k values and optimize for those. However, this could lead to suboptimal solutions.

Another idea: the overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For the maximum over k, perhaps we can find a h that makes all these integrals as small as possible. This suggests that h should be designed to avoid overlapping with 1 - h in any shift. Maybe a periodic function with certain properties?

For example, if h is a piecewise constant function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that minimizes overlap. However, with the constraint that the integral of h is 1, it's a balance between the number of 0s and 1s.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a specific construction. Let me think: if the initial guess is a certain pattern, maybe we can modify it. For example, if it's a periodic function with a certain period, perhaps adjusting the period or the pattern could help.

But without knowing the exact initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the problem says that the initial_h_values are provided as a global variable. So perhaps the initial guess is a known good starting point, and the code should build upon that.

So, perhaps the previous approach is not sufficient because it's stuck in a local minimum. To improve, maybe using a different optimization strategy, like a genetic algorithm, or a more robust local optimizer.

But given the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to refine the existing method. For example, increasing the number of initial guesses, using a better perturbation strategy, or adjusting the optimization parameters.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (300) and a phase decay. Maybe reducing the number of perturbations but increasing the number of initial guesses could help. Also, the noise scale might be too large, leading to poor convergence. Perhaps using a smaller initial noise scale and a different decay rate.

Alternatively, instead of perturbing the current best, maybe using a random search with a larger number of trials. However, with the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Another idea: using a different optimization method for the inner loop. For example, using the COBYLA method instead of SLSQP, which doesn't require gradients. But COBYLA might be slower.

Alternatively, using a different way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing all possible shifts and then taking the maximum. However, the current code already does that with np.correlate.

Wait, the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which for two arrays of length n_points gives a result of length 2n_points - 1. The maximum of this is the maximum overlap. But perhaps there's a more efficient way to compute this, but I think it's already optimal.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses a fixed n_points of 100. Maybe trying with a smaller n_points, like 50 or 80, which would allow more trials within the time budget. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe that's a good idea. Let me check the previous code: the initial_h_values are for n=100. If we reduce n_points, perhaps we can run more trials and find a better solution.

But how to decide? Let's think: with n_points=100, dx=0.02. If we reduce to n_points=50, dx=0.04. The integral would be scaled by dx, but the overlap might be similar. However, with fewer points, the optimization might be faster, allowing more iterations.

So, perhaps changing the initial guess to a smaller n_points, like 50 or 80, and then optimizing. But the initial_h_values are for n=100. Maybe generating a new initial guess for a smaller n_points?

Alternatively, maybe the previous code's initial guess is not the best. If we can find a better initial guess, that could lead to better results. For example, using a more informed initial guess based on known constructions for the Erdős problem.

But without knowing the exact initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the problem says that the initial_h_values are provided, so perhaps they are a known good starting point. So, maybe the code should start with that and try to improve it.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations (300) and a phase decay. Maybe instead of using a fixed number, we can use a more adaptive approach, like stopping when the improvement is below a certain threshold. Also, the phase_shift and phase_decay parameters might need tuning. For example, starting with a larger noise scale and decreasing it over time.

Alternatively, using a different perturbation strategy, such as adding random mutations to the current best solution, rather than perturbing the entire array. But that's similar to what's already done.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the 1-h array and then computing the cross-correlation efficiently. However, the current code already does this.

Let me think about the parameters. The current code has a phase_shift of 0.15 and a phase_decay of 0.96. Maybe adjusting these values could lead to better convergence. For example, starting with a larger noise scale to explore the search space more, then reducing it to fine-tune.

Also, the number of perturbations is 300. Maybe increasing this number could allow more exploration, but it would take more time. However, with the budget of 100 seconds, perhaps it's feasible.

Another thought: the current code runs multiple initial guesses (initial_guesses) and for each, runs the perturbation loop. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help escape local optima. For example, generating more random initial guesses instead of just 2.

But generating more initial guesses would take more time. However, with the time budget, maybe it's manageable.

Putting this all together, here's a plan:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point, but also generate more diverse initial guesses, such as random ones with the correct sum.
2. For each initial guess, perform a perturbation-based optimization with adjusted parameters (like larger initial noise scale and different decay rate).
3. Use a different optimization method, perhaps COBYLA or differential evolution, to explore the search space more thoroughly.
4. Reduce the number of points (n_points) to allow more trials within the time budget.
5. Adjust the perturbation parameters to balance exploration and exploitation.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code by adjusting the perturbation parameters and increasing the number of initial guesses. Also, using a more efficient optimization method.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations (300). Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help, but that would take more time. Alternatively, using a different method like L-BFGS-B which is faster for certain problems.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a multi-objective approach, where we try to minimize each shift's overlap, but that's not straightforward.

Alternatively, maybe using a surrogate model to approximate the objective function and optimize it more efficiently. But that's more complex.

In conclusion, the main improvements could be:

- Generate more initial guesses to avoid local optima.
- Adjust the perturbation parameters (noise scale, decay) to better explore the search space.
- Use a different optimization method that can handle the problem more effectively.
- Possibly reduce the number of points to allow more trials.

So, modifying the previous code to include more initial guesses, adjust the perturbation parameters, and possibly use a different optimization method.

Let me outline the steps for the new code:

- Start with the initial_h_values and generate more random initial guesses.
- For each initial guess, perform a perturbation-based optimization with a larger initial noise scale and a slower decay.
- Use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, for the inner loop.
- Track the best solution found and return it.

But since the previous code uses SLSQP, maybe switching to differential evolution could be better. However, differential evolution might be slower. Let me check the scipy documentation: scipy.optimize.differential_evolution can handle constrained optimization, but the constraints need to be handled carefully.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: use differential evolution for the initial exploration and then SLSQP for refinement.

But given the time constraints, perhaps sticking with SLSQP but improving the parameters.

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations (300). Maybe increasing this number to 500 or 1000, but that would take more time. However, with the budget of 100 seconds, it's possible.

So, adjusting the code to:

- Generate more initial guesses (say, 5 instead of 3).
- Increase the number of perturbations (say, 500).
- Adjust phase_shift and phase_decay parameters.

Also, using a different way to generate initial guesses, such as using a periodic function or a more structured pattern.

But without knowing the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the problem says that the initial_h_values are provided, so perhaps they are a good starting point.

Another possible improvement: precompute all the shifts and use a more efficient way to compute the maximum overlap. However, the current code already does this with np.correlate.

In the end, the code should be modified to generate more initial guesses, adjust the perturbation parameters, and possibly use a different optimization method. Let's proceed with implementing these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize, differential_evolution
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Generate multiple initial guesses
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess]
    # Generate 5 random initial guesses
    for _ in range(5):
        random_h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
        random_h = random_h * (target_sum / np.sum(random_h))
        initial_guesses.append(random_h)
    
    # For each initial guess, run the optimization
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Use differential evolution for global search
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Differential evolution with constraints
        result = differential_evolution(
            objective,
            bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            strategy='best1bin',
            popsize=15,
            mutation=(0.5, 1.0),
            recombination=0.8,
            tol=1e-6,
            maxiter=100,
            disp=False
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```