<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral. The previous code used a local optimization approach with SLSQP, but maybe there's a better way. Let me think about what could be improved.

First, the initial approach uses a perturbation strategy with random noise and SLSQP. But maybe that's getting stuck in local minima. What if we try a different optimization method? Like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing? But those might be too slow for the time budget. Alternatively, maybe using a different parameterization or a more efficient optimization setup.

Wait, the problem mentions that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The previous code used n_points=100 (from initial_h_values). Let me check: the initial_h_values is probably for n=100. So maybe using a smaller n_points could help. But the user wants to find a better bound, so maybe a higher n_points would allow more precise optimization. However, the time budget is tight. So maybe stick to n=100 or n=200?

Another thing: the previous code uses multiple initial guesses and perturbations. Maybe that's not efficient. What if we use a more structured approach, like starting from the initial guess and then applying some transformations? For example, using a gradient-based method with better initial conditions.

Wait, the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. The cross-correlation here is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'). The maximum of this over all shifts k. So the integral for each k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. But since the function is periodic over [0,2], maybe we can model this as a convolution?

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a more manageable form. For example, since the integral is over x in [0,2], and k is such that x + k is also in [0,2], but I'm not sure. Maybe the maximum occurs for certain k values, like k=0.5, 1.0, etc. So perhaps focusing on those specific shifts?

Another idea: since the integral is over x, and the function h is piecewise constant, maybe we can model the problem as a combinatorial optimization where we assign values to h[i] such that the maximum overlap is minimized. But with n_points=100, this is a high-dimensional problem. So maybe using a more efficient optimization method.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe the problem is that the objective function is non-convex and the optimization gets stuck in local minima. What if we use a different optimization approach, like a genetic algorithm with elitism, or a particle swarm optimization? But implementing those from scratch might be time-consuming. Alternatively, maybe using a different solver, like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, which handle bounds better?

Alternatively, maybe we can use a more efficient way to compute the objective function. The current code computes the cross-correlation for each perturbed h, which might be computationally expensive. But with n_points=100, it's manageable. Wait, the cross-correlation in mode 'full' gives a result of length 2n_points -1. But since our domain is [0,2], maybe the shifts k are in the range [-2, 2], but the actual relevant shifts are those where x +k is within [0,2]. So perhaps the maximum occurs for certain k values. Maybe we can precompute the relevant shifts and only evaluate those?

But how to determine which shifts are relevant? Maybe the maximum occurs when k is such that the overlap between h and 1-h is maximized. For example, when h is shifted by a certain amount, leading to maximum overlap. However, without knowing the structure of h, it's hard to say. So maybe the current approach of computing the full cross-correlation is necessary.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (300) and a phase decay. Maybe adjusting these parameters could help. For example, using more perturbations but with smaller steps, or using a different noise scaling strategy.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values is provided, but perhaps generating better initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, using a more structured initial guess, like a periodic function or a function with certain properties that minimize the overlap.

Wait, the Erdős problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap. So perhaps the optimal h is a function that is as "spread out" as possible. For example, a function that is 1 on intervals and 0 on others, arranged to minimize overlaps. But with the constraint that the integral is 1 over [0,2]. For example, if h is 1 on [0, 0.5] and 0 on [0.5, 2], but that would have integral 1. However, shifting this function would lead to overlaps. But maybe a more optimal structure exists.

But how to model this? Maybe using a piecewise constant function with certain intervals. However, with the given constraints, it's challenging to find such a structure manually. So perhaps the optimization approach is the way to go.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of the integrals, perhaps we can use a bilevel optimization approach. For example, minimize the maximum integral by adjusting h. But this is more complex and may not be feasible with the current time constraints.

Alternatively, maybe using a different formulation. Let's think about the integral for a given k. The integral ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. If we consider k as a shift, then for each k, this is the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k. The maximum over all k is what we need to minimize.

But how to model this? Maybe we can think of it as a convolution. The integral is similar to the convolution of h and (1 - h), but evaluated at certain points. However, the maximum over all shifts complicates things.

Another approach: since the integral is over x in [0,2], and the function h is periodic with period 2 (since we're dealing with shifts within [0,2]), perhaps we can use Fourier analysis. The overlap integral can be expressed in terms of the Fourier coefficients of h. However, this might be complicated, especially with the constraint on the integral of h.

But maybe this can help in finding a better initial guess. For example, if we can model h as a function with certain Fourier components that minimize the maximum overlap. However, I'm not sure how to proceed with this.

Back to the optimization approach. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe we can improve this by using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a gradient-based method with a better initial guess, or using a different solver.

Alternatively, maybe using a different parameterization of h. For example, instead of using a piecewise constant function with values between 0 and 1, maybe using a binary function (0 or 1) but that would violate the integral constraint. However, perhaps using a function with more structure, like a sine wave or a square wave, could lead to better results.

Wait, the initial_h_values is probably a specific construction. Maybe starting from that and applying some transformations could help. For example, using a genetic algorithm where we evolve the h values by mutating and selecting the best candidates.

But implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch might be time-consuming. However, given the time constraints, perhaps it's worth trying.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients. But this might be slower.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals (for different k), perhaps we can use a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to minimize all integrals simultaneously. However, this is challenging because the integrals are interdependent.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a coordinate descent approach. For example, iteratively adjusting the h values to minimize the maximum integral. But again, not sure how to implement this.

Let me think about the previous code. It uses multiple initial guesses and perturbations. Maybe the issue is that the perturbations are too small or not varied enough. What if we use a different perturbation strategy, like adding larger random variations and then refining them?

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method for each perturbation. For example, using a local optimization method with different starting points.

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations (300). Maybe reducing this number and using more efficient perturbations could save time. Or perhaps using a different number of initial guesses.

Wait, the user's previous code had a C₅ bound of 0.380969, and the target is 0.380876. So we need to improve by about 0.000093. How can we achieve that?

Maybe by using a more efficient optimization approach. For example, using a global optimization method that can escape local minima. However, with the time constraints, this might be challenging.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a penalty method where we try to minimize the maximum integral by adding a penalty term. But this is similar to the current approach.

Alternatively, maybe using a different formulation of the problem. For example, instead of minimizing the maximum integral, we can try to minimize the integral for each k, but this is not straightforward.

Wait, the integral for each k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. Let's think about this. For a fixed k, this integral can be rewritten as ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. Since ∫ h(x) dx = 1, this becomes 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, the maximum over k of this expression is 1 - min_k ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx over k.

So, the problem becomes: find h that maximizes the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx over all k. This is an interesting reformulation. Maybe this perspective can help in designing a better optimization strategy.

But how to use this? Perhaps the optimization can focus on maximizing the minimum of these integrals. However, this is still a challenging problem.

Another thought: since the integral ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx is related to the autocorrelation of h. So, maximizing the minimum autocorrelation over shifts k. This might be a known problem in signal processing, but I'm not sure.

But given that, perhaps using a function h that has low autocorrelation would be beneficial. For example, a function with a flat spectrum, like a random binary sequence. However, the integral constraint complicates things.

But given that, maybe the initial guess is a good starting point. Let's think about the initial_h_values. If it's a specific construction, perhaps it's a periodic function with certain properties. For example, a function that is 1 on intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged to minimize overlaps.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to say. However, the previous code uses this initial guess and tries to optimize from there.

Another idea: maybe using a different solver. The previous code uses SLSQP, but maybe using a different method like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B could be more efficient. Also, the constraints are handled via the equality constraint, which is correct.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the shifts that are most likely to contribute to the maximum, and only evaluating those. But how to determine which shifts are relevant?

Alternatively, maybe the maximum occurs for specific k values, like k=0.5, 1.0, etc. So, if we can precompute those shifts and only evaluate the integrals for those k, it might save computation time. For example, for each h, compute the integral for k=0.5, 1.0, 1.5, etc., and take the maximum of those. This could reduce the number of computations needed.

But how to determine which k values to check? Well, since the function is over [0,2], the possible shifts k are in [0,2]. However, the maximum overlap might occur for certain k values. For example, if h is periodic with period 1, then shifts by 1 would be important. But without knowing the structure of h, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, since the function is piecewise constant, the maximum overlap could occur for shifts that align with the discontinuities of h. So, for example, if h has jumps at certain points, then shifts that align with those jumps would lead to higher overlaps.

But again, without knowing the structure of h, this is speculative.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a heuristic that tries to spread out the 1's in h as much as possible. For example, using a function that is 1 on non-overlapping intervals, but this might not be optimal.

But given the integral constraint, the function h must have an average value of 0.5 over [0,2]. So, for example, if h is 1 on [0, 1] and 0 on [1, 2], the integral is 1. However, shifting this function by 0.5 would lead to an overlap of 0.5, which would give an integral of 0.5*(1 - 0.5) = 0.25? Wait, no. Let me compute it.

Wait, the integral for k=0.5 would be ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + 0.5)) dx. For x in [0, 0.5], x+0.5 is in [0.5, 1], so h(x) is 1 and h(x+0.5) is 1. So 1 - h(x+0.5) is 0. So the integral over [0, 0.5] is 0. For x in [0.5, 1], x+0.5 is in [1, 1.5]. h(x) is 1, h(x+0.5) is 0. So 1 - h(x+0.5) is 1. The integral over [0.5, 1] is 0.5 * 1 = 0.5. For x in [1, 1.5], x+0.5 is in [1.5, 2], h(x) is 0, so the integral is 0. For x in [1.5, 2], x+0.5 is in [2, 2.5], which is outside the domain. So the integral is 0.5. So the maximum overlap for this h would be 0.5. Which is worse than the previous record of 0.38. So this suggests that a simple step function isn't optimal.

So, the previous code's approach of using a more complex function is better. But how to improve it?

Maybe the key is to use a more efficient optimization method. Let's think about the previous code. It uses SLSQP with a fixed number of perturbations. Perhaps using a different optimization strategy, like a Bayesian optimization approach, could help find better minima. However, implementing Bayesian optimization from scratch might be too time-consuming.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values is provided, but perhaps generating better initial guesses could help. For example, using a function that is more spread out.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a greedy approach. For example, iteratively adjust h to reduce the maximum overlap. But how?

Alternatively, maybe using a different parameterization of h. For example, instead of using a piecewise constant function with values between 0 and 1, use a function with more structure, like a sine wave or a combination of sine waves. However, this might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, maybe using a different solver. For example, using the COBYLA method which handles bounds and constraints. Or using a different optimization library, like scipy.optimize.minimize with different methods.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a sequential least squares programming method. Maybe using the L-BFGS-B method, which is a bounded optimization method, could be more efficient. Let me think: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation, which is non-convex. L-BFGS-B might get stuck in local minima, but perhaps with a good initial guess, it could find a better solution.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (300) and a phase decay. Maybe adjusting these parameters could help. For example, using more perturbations but with smaller steps, or using a different noise scaling strategy.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess. For example, starting from the initial_h_values and applying some transformations, like shifting or scaling, to generate better initial guesses.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a multi-start approach with different initial guesses. For example, generating multiple initial guesses based on different patterns, like alternating 0s and 1s, or using a random pattern with certain properties.

But how to generate these patterns? For example, if we generate a random binary sequence with the correct sum, and then smooth it to make it a continuous function. However, this might not be feasible within the time constraints.

Alternatively, maybe using a different approach for the initial guess. For example, using a function that is 0.5 everywhere, but that would have an integral of 1. However, this would lead to a maximum overlap of 0.5, which is worse than the current record.

So, the initial guess must be a more structured function.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe reducing the number of perturbations and using more efficient perturbation strategies could save time. For example, using larger perturbations initially and then refining them.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for each perturbation. For example, using a local optimization method with different starting points.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, and see if that improves the results.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe reducing the number of perturbations and using more efficient perturbation strategies could save time. For example, using a smaller number of perturbations but with larger noise scales.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a penalty method where we try to minimize the maximum overlap by adding a penalty term. For example, the objective function could be the maximum overlap plus a penalty for violating the integral constraint. But the integral constraint is already handled via the equality constraint.

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the cross-correlation for all possible k and taking the maximum. However, this is what the current code does.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (300), but with the time budget of 100 seconds, maybe this is too slow. So perhaps reducing the number of perturbations and focusing on more efficient optimization steps.

In conclusion, the key improvements could be:

1. Using a different optimization method (e.g., L-BFGS-B or COBYLA) that might find better minima.
2. Reducing the number of perturbations and focusing on more efficient perturbation strategies.
3. Using a different initial guess, perhaps generated with a more structured approach.
4. Precomputing relevant shifts to reduce the computation time of the objective function.

Let me try to implement these ideas. For example, using L-BFGS-B instead of SLSQP, and reducing the number of perturbations. Also, maybe using a different initial guess.

But how to generate a different initial guess? The initial_h_values is provided, but maybe we can generate a better initial guess by using a more structured approach. For example, using a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged to minimize overlaps.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess with a different distribution. For example, using a function that is 0.5 + some random noise, but scaled to meet the integral constraint.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method and reduce the number of perturbations.

Another idea: since the previous code uses multiple initial guesses, maybe using a single initial guess with more aggressive optimization steps could be better. For example, using a single initial guess and applying a more intensive optimization.

But without knowing the exact structure of the optimal h, it's hard to say.

In the end, I think the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, like L-BFGS-B, and reduce the number of perturbations. Also, perhaps using a different way to compute the objective function, like precomputing the relevant shifts.

So, the plan is:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Use L-BFGS-B optimization method with bounds and constraints.
- Reduce the number of perturbations to save time.
- Use a more efficient way to compute the objective function, perhaps by precomputing the relevant shifts.

But how to implement this?

Let me outline the steps:

1. Define the objective function as the maximum of the cross-correlation.
2. Use the initial_h_values as the starting guess.
3. Use L-BFGS-B optimization with bounds and constraints.
4. Perform multiple optimization runs with different starting points (maybe perturbed versions of the initial guess).
5. Track the best solution found within the time budget.

Also, perhaps using a different way to compute the cross-correlation. For example, instead of using np.correlate, compute the integrals for specific k values that are likely to contribute to the maximum.

But given the time, I'll proceed with modifying the previous code to use L-BFGS-B and reduce the number of perturbations.

Another thing: the previous code uses a phase decay for the noise scale. Maybe removing that and using a fixed noise scale could be better.

In code, the previous code uses:

for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
    noise_scale = phase_shift * (phase_decay ** perturbation_idx)
    ...

Maybe changing this to a fixed noise_scale, or using a different strategy.

But given the time, I'll proceed with modifying the code to use L-BFGS-B and reduce the number of perturbations.

So, the final code would look something like this:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting guess.
- Use L-BFGS-B optimization method.
- Perform a few optimization steps with different starting points.
- Track the best solution found.

Also, perhaps using a different way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the relevant shifts.

But given the time, I'll proceed with the modified code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Generate a few initial guesses based on the initial guess
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess]
    # Add a few perturbed versions of the initial guess
    for _ in range(2):
        perturbed = initial_guess + np.random.uniform(-0.1, 0.1, n_points)
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        perturbed = perturbed * (target_sum / np.sum(perturbed))
        initial_guesses.append(perturbed)
    
    # For each initial guess, run the optimization
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Optimization with L-BFGS-B
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            guess,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 200}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```