<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The problem is about finding a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The current best is around 0.38085, and I need to see if I can get lower than that.

Let me recall what the previous code does. It uses an initial guess based on evenly spaced points, then applies some perturbation and optimization with SLSQP. The constraints are that the integral of h is 1, and it tries to minimize the maximum correlation (which represents the overlap integral).

Hmm. The user says to try different approaches. Maybe the previous approach is stuck in local optima. So perhaps I should think of different strategies. Let me think about possible improvements.

First, the current method uses random perturbations and local optimization. Maybe a better approach is to use a more global optimization method. But the user mentioned that they have a time budget of 100 seconds. So maybe metaheuristics like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing could be better, but those might be too slow. Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization framework, like using a gradient-based approach with more clever initializations.

Another idea: the overlap integral is the maximum of the cross-correlation of h and (1-h). So maybe the problem can be rephrased as minimizing the maximum value of the cross-correlation. The previous code uses a local minimizer, but perhaps a better approach is to use a more structured method, like alternating minimization or some form of convex relaxation.

Wait, but the problem is non-convex. Convex relaxation might not work directly. However, perhaps we can think in terms of constraints. For example, for each shift k, the integral over h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx should be as small as possible. The maximum over k is our target. So perhaps we can model this as a semi-infinite optimization problem, but that's computationally challenging.

Alternatively, maybe we can approximate the maximum over k by considering a finite set of shifts. Since the original problem is on [0,2], the shifts k could be in a certain range. But how to choose them?

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points) and starts from an initial guess. The initial guess is based on even spacing, but perhaps that's not optimal. Maybe starting with a different initial guess, like a more structured pattern (e.g., blocks of 0s and 1s), could lead to better results.

Wait, the problem is similar to designing a binary sequence (since h is a step function, but with values between 0 and 1) that minimizes the maximum overlap. Maybe using aperiodic or structured patterns could help. For example, if we arrange h to have certain spacing between the 1s and 0s, maybe that could balance the overlap.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of points. Maybe using a different number of points could lead to better results. However, the user says that smaller sequences are preferred (less than 1k samples). The previous code used n_points=45 (from initial_h_values). So maybe trying with a different n_points, like 60? But need to make sure that the time is under 100 seconds.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm approach. Since the problem is about optimizing a function with a non-convex landscape, genetic algorithms could explore different regions. However, implementing that in Python with scipy might be challenging, but perhaps manageable.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with perturbations. Maybe instead of that, using a different optimization method. For example, using basin-hopping or differential evolution. But differential evolution might be slower, especially with a large number of variables.

But the user wants to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation. The cross-correlation is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Let me think about what that represents. For a given k, this is the overlap between h and the shifted version of (1 - h). So, for each possible shift, this measure is calculated.

The challenge is that the maximum of these values over k is our objective. So perhaps the problem can be transformed into a constraint where for each shift k, we ensure that the integral is below a certain threshold. However, since the maximum over k is the target, this is equivalent to finding the minimal C5 such that for all k, the integral is <= C5.

But solving this directly is difficult. So maybe the approach is to find a good h that balances the integrals across different shifts.

Another idea: Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps it's related to the concept of a "balanced" function. For example, a function that has good spacing between its activated regions (where h is 1) and their complements (where h is 0) so that shifts don't create too much overlap.

Let me think about the structure of h. If h is a sequence that is 1 for certain intervals and 0 for others, then when shifted, the overlap might be minimized if these intervals are spaced in a way that their overlaps with shifted regions are minimized.

For example, if the function h is a periodic function with certain periods, but that's not sure. Alternatively, if the function has a structure that is roughly evenly distributed, like a binary sequence with 0s and 1s that are arranged in a way that avoids clustering.

But since h can take any values between 0 and 1, not just binary, perhaps using a more continuous approach could be better. The previous code starts with a step function, which might be a good starting point.

Another idea: the current code uses the same number of points as the initial_h_values (n_points=45). Maybe trying with a larger number of points can lead to better results, even though it's more computationally expensive. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. So perhaps using a smaller n_points, like 50 or 60, and a more optimized method would help.

Wait, the initial_h_values have n_points=45. So for the initial code, the n_points is fixed. But the problem allows for varying n_points, as long as it's under 1k. So perhaps trying different n_points could lead to better results. However, the user wants to optimize the code to run within 100 seconds. So maybe using a smaller n_points but with a better optimization method.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess. The previous code uses an even guess, but perhaps using a different construction, like a more optimized pattern, could lead to better results.

Another thought: the problem is similar to the "design of a binary sequence with low autocorrelation", which is a known problem. Techniques like using Reed-Solomon codes or other code structures might inspire the design of h. But since h can be non-binary, maybe this is not directly applicable.

Alternatively, thinking about the problem as a convolution. The cross-correlation is equivalent to the convolution of h and 1-h. So, the maximum value of the cross-correlation is the target. Therefore, we need to minimize the maximum value of the convolution.

But how to find such a function h?

Another approach: since the integral of h is 1, the function is normalized. Maybe using a function that has certain symmetry properties could help. For example, if h is symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], then shifts would have certain properties.

But I'm not sure. Let's think about the previous code's approach. It starts with an initial guess and then perturbs it, then uses SLSQP to minimize. However, this might get stuck in local minima. So perhaps using a different optimization algorithm that's better at escaping local minima, like a global optimization method.

Moreover, in the previous code, the perturbation is done by adding random noise. Maybe instead of perturbing, using a more structured search, like a gradient-based method with a better initial guess.

Wait, the problem requires that the code uses scipy.optimize. The SLSQP method is a local optimizer. Maybe using a different method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, or even using a genetic algorithm, could help explore more of the search space.

But in Python, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch would take time. However, perhaps there's an existing library. Alternatively, using a different optimization approach.

Another idea: maybe the current code's hyperparameters are not optimal. For example, the noise_scale and the number of iterations. Maybe adjusting them could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using multiple initial guesses and combining them. For example, starting with the initial guess, the even guess, and other structured guesses, then optimizing each of them and taking the best result.

But how to generate different initial guesses? The initial_h_values are provided, but maybe generating other patterns, such as placing the 1s in positions that avoid overlaps with shifted versions.

Another thought: the current code's objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. However, when using the optimize.minimize function, it's minimizing the objective, but the maximum is a non-smooth function. So the optimizer might have trouble with that.

Wait, maybe the current approach is to calculate the cross-correlation for all shifts, take the maximum, and minimize that. However, the maximum is a non-smooth function, which could lead to optimization issues. Perhaps, instead, we can model the problem as minimizing the maximum, which can be achieved by adding constraints for each shift.

But with a large number of shifts, this becomes a semi-infinite problem. However, in practice, we can approximate it by considering a few key shifts. Alternatively, we can use a more numerical approach.

Alternatively, we can use a different strategy to approximate the maximum. For example, during optimization, we can evaluate the cross-correlation at several key shifts, and try to minimize the maximum among them. But again, it's not clear.

Another angle: the problem is similar to the covering problem, where we want to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, if we consider the 1s as elements that are "placed" on the interval [0,2], then shifting the function would cause overlaps between these elements and the 0s (which are parts of 1 - h).

So, perhaps the optimal h is a collection of intervals where the 1s are arranged in a way that avoids clustering, so that when shifted, they don't overlap too much with the 0s.

But how to model this? Maybe using a greedy approach: place intervals of 1s such that each new interval is placed as far away from existing ones as possible. However, this is heuristic and may not lead to the optimal solution.

Alternatively, using dynamic simulation. For example, iteratively adjusting the positions of the 1s to minimize the maximum overlap. But this is vague.

Another idea: Given that the problem is non-convex, maybe we can use a convex relaxation approach, and then round it. For example, approximate h as a binary variable, then find a binary function that minimizes the maximum overlap, then convert it to a continuous function. But this is a heuristic.

Alternatively, using a randomized approach. For example, generate a random function h, compute the maximum overlap, and then iteratively improve it by adjusting regions where the overlap is high.

But again, how to implement this within the code?

Let me think about the previous code. It uses an initial guess and then perturbs it. Maybe the initial guess can be improved. For example, the even_initial_guess function creates a function where the 1s are placed at regular intervals. But this might not be optimal.

Let me think about what the even_initial_guess does. It divides the interval [0,2] into m intervals, and places a 1 in positions that are approximately centered. But with the adjustment to make the sum equal to 1. However, this may lead to a certain structure.

But perhaps there are other structures that could be better. For example, placing 1s in a more irregular pattern, or one that avoids certain shifts. However, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to know.

Another possibility is to use the initial_h_values provided and try to improve upon it. Since the previous code starts with that, maybe trying to refine it with different optimization steps.

Alternatively, think of the problem as an optimization problem where for each shift k, we have a constraint that the integral is less than some C5, and we want to find the minimal C5. But solving this is challenging.

Another idea: maybe using an alternating minimization approach. For example, fix some shifts and find the h that minimizes the maximum overlap for those shifts, then update the shifts, and iterate. However, this is not straightforward.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs at certain shifts, we can focus on those. For example, in the previous code's example, the best C5 was around 0.38, which is close to the target. Maybe by adding more constraints to target those shifts, we can find a better solution.

But how to implement this?

Another approach is to use a different optimization method. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate h functions. Each candidate is represented as an array of values, and the fitness function is the C5 value. The algorithm would evolve the population over generations, choosing individuals with lower C5 values.

This could be more effective in finding global minima but might be slower. However, given the time budget of 100 seconds, it's possible to implement a basic version.

Implementing a genetic algorithm:

1. Initialize a population of h arrays (with the same length as initial_h_values).
2. Evaluate the C5 for each individual.
3. Select the best individuals for reproduction.
4. Apply crossover and mutation to create new individuals.
5. Replace the worst individuals with the new ones.
6. Repeat until time is up or a stopping criterion is met.

But in Python, this would require a lot of code and may be too slow for a 100-second budget. However, with the small n_points (like 45), it might be feasible.

Another thought: the current code uses SLSQP with perturbations, which is a local optimizer. Maybe combining it with a global optimization method would help. For example, using a random restart strategy with SLSQP.

Alternatively, using the previous code's approach but with different hyperparameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the noise scale.

But how to determine which hyperparameters work best? It might require experimentation.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is suitable for bound-constrained problems. Let me check the scipy.optimize documentation.

The 'L-BFGS-B' method is a quasi-Newton method that can handle bounds, and it's effective for large-scale problems. Perhaps this method could find a better minimum than SLSQP.

Let me think about the previous code's objective function. It's smooth (since the cross-correlation is a smooth function of h, assuming h is smooth), so maybe using a gradient-based method like L-BFGS-B could be more effective.

But how to handle the non-smoothness of the maximum function? The maximum of the cross-correlation is a non-smooth function, which might cause issues for gradient-based methods. However, if during the optimization, the maximum is evaluated, and the gradients are properly handled, maybe it can work.

Alternatively, we can use a different approach, where we approximate the maximum by selecting the largest value of the cross-correlation and minimize that. This would make the objective function smooth, as the maximum can be taken as a single value.

So, in the optimization, the objective is to minimize the largest value of the cross-correlation. When evaluating the objective, we compute all cross-correlations and take the maximum. This is the same as before, but the gradient of this function would be the gradient of the maximum value. However, this might not be smooth, but the optimizer can still handle it if it uses a method that can manage non-smooth functions, like SLSQP with error handling.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where the objective is the maximum value, and the constraints ensure that the integral is 1.

So, the main difference would be using different optimization methods. Let's consider implementing this.

In the previous code, the optimization uses SLSQP with random perturbations. Maybe switching to L-BFGS-B, which is more efficient for large-scale problems, could help.

But how to handle the non-smoothness? Well, the maximum is a non-differentiable function, but the optimizer might still find a way to minimize it.

Another idea: we can use the current objective function and try to use a global optimization method, such as differential evolution (DE). DE is a population-based optimization algorithm that is good for non-convex problems and can escape local minima.

Implementing DE with the given constraints (sum of h is fixed) would require careful handling of the bounds and constraints.

Let me think: for DE, we can generate a population of h arrays, and for each individual, evaluate the objective function (max cross-correlation). Then, perform mutations and crossovers to generate new individuals. The best individuals are retained, and the process is repeated.

But given that the time is limited, and the population size and generations would need to be carefully chosen.

Alternatively, because the DE method is more robust, it might find a better minimum in less time than the previous approach.

But how to implement DE with the constraints? Since the sum of h has to be fixed, the constraint can be handled by adjusting the mutated individuals to maintain the sum.

But modifying the mutation step to ensure the sum is maintained would add complexity.

Alternatively, during the mutation and crossover steps, allow the sum to vary temporarily and then adjust it to meet the constraint.

But this could complicate the algorithm.

Another approach is to consider that the DE method is applied to the variables, and after mutation and crossover, the constraint is enforced by adjusting the last element to make the sum equal to the required value. This is similar to the previous code's approach of perturbing and adjusting.

This approach could be manageable.

Given that the previous code's SLSQP was not able to find a better solution than the current record, maybe trying a different method like DE is worth it.

So, the plan is:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point, or generate other initial guesses.
2. Implement a genetic algorithm or differential evolution.
3. For each candidate h, compute the C5 value and select those with lower values.
4. Iterate until the time budget is exhausted.

But how to implement this within the code constraints.

Given the time, perhaps using differential evolution is feasible.

Let me outline the steps:

- Generate a population of h_vectors, each of which is a numpy array with n_points elements, between 0 and 1, and their sum is n_points / 2.
- For each h in the population, compute the objective (max cross-correlation).
- Select the best individuals.
- Perform mutations and crossovers to create new individuals.
- Enforce the constraint sum(h) = target_sum by adjusting the last element.

However, implementing this in code would require handling the population and the mutation/crossover steps.

Alternatively, using scipy.optimize.differential_evolution inside the run function.

But scipy's differential evolution has a method to handle constraints. However, the constraint here is that the sum must be equal to a desired value. This is a equality constraint. But the DE method may not handle equality constraints directly. However, the constraint can be incorporated into the objective function using a penalty method.

Wait, the differential evolution function can handle bounds, but not constraints. So to enforce the sum constraint, we can adjust the individuals to meet the constraint after mutation and crossover. This is similar to the previous code's approach where during perturbation, the sum is adjusted.

So the steps would be:

For each individual in the population:

- Mutate and crossover to get a new individual.
- Adjust the individual to meet the sum constraint by scaling or adjusting the last element to ensure the sum is correct.
- Evaluate the objective function (C5) for this new individual.

But how to handle the sum adjustment. For example, after mutation, the sum may not be correct. We can compute the required adjustment and add it to the last element.

This way, the sum constraint is always satisfied.

Implementing this requires modifying the mutation/crossover steps.

In scipy's differential evolution, the bounds are handled, so the individual elements are clamped to [0,1].

But in our case, we also need the sum of the elements to be a fixed value. So, during the mutation and crossover, we can compute the sum, and adjust the last element to meet the required sum.

This approach could work.

So, the code outline would be:

- Generate a population of h vectors, each with sum n_points / 2.
- For each generation, perform the following steps:
   - For each individual, create a mutant by combining with other individuals.
   - Apply crossover to generate a trial vector.
   - Adjust the trial vector to meet the sum constraint.
   - Evaluate the objective function for the trial vector.
   - Select the best individuals to form the next generation.

But in practice, implementing this would require writing the mutation and crossover steps manually, which could be time-consuming.

Alternatively, using the scipy.optimize.differential_evolution function and adding a penalty term for the sum constraint.

But this is tricky because the sum constraint is an equality. So the penalty term would cost a large value if the sum is not equal to the target. However, this may not work well with the differential evolution algorithm.

Alternatively, during mutation, after each step, adjust the individual to meet the sum constraint by scaling.

But this could be computationally feasible.

Another idea: since the sum of the elements must be exactly n_points / 2, we can normalize the individual vectors after any mutation or crossover to ensure this sum.

But normalization can be done by:

sum_h = np.sum(h)
if sum_h != target_sum:
    adjustment = (target_sum - sum_h) / n_points
    h[-1] += adjustment
    h[-1] = np.clip(h[-1], 0, 1)

But this way, the last element is adjusted to meet the constraint. This would ensure the sum is correct.

This approach is similar to what was done in the previous code, where during perturbation, the sum is adjusted.

So, integrating this into the differential evolution process.

But how to implement this in code? Well, during the mutation and crossover steps, after generating a candidate vector, we normalize it to meet the sum constraint.

This can be done as follows:

def adjust_to_sum(h, target_sum):
    current_sum = np.sum(h)
    delta = (target_sum - current_sum) / len(h)
    h[-1] += delta
    h[-1] = np.clip(h[-1], 0, 1)
    return h

But this is just one way to adjust the sum. It might not be perfect, but for the purpose of ensuring the constraint is met, it's acceptable.

Incorporating this into the mutation/crossover steps.

Now, putting this together, the code could use differential evolution with this adjustment step.

But scipy's differential evolution does not allow direct customization of the mutation and crossover steps. Therefore, it's more practical to implement a basic version of DE manually.

But given the time constraints, implementing a basic version might be manageable.

Alternatively, using the previous code's approach but with different optimization method.

Wait, the user may prefer to have a different approach, so maybe trying to use a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, would be a good idea.

So, in summary, the steps I need to take in the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values or generate a better initial guess.
2. Generate a population of h vectors that satisfy the sum constraint.
3. For each generation, perform mutation and crossover to generate new candidates.
4. Adjust the sum constraint for each candidate.
5. Evaluate the C5 value for each candidate.
6. Keep track of the best candidate found so far.
7. Repeat until the time budget is exhausted.

Implementing this would require writing the mutation and crossover steps.

But coding this may be time-consuming. However, for the purpose of the problem, I'll try to outline the code.

But given the complexity, perhaps a better approach is to use a combination of the previous code's method but with a different initialization and optimization parameters.

Alternatively, considering the time, it's possible that the previous code with adjusted hyperparameters can achieve a better result. For example, increasing the number of iterations, using a different optimization method, or better perturbing strategies.

Another idea: the current code uses random perturbation with a noise scale that decreases over time. Maybe adjusting that noise scale or using a different perturbation strategy, such as changing a few points rather than adding Gaussian noise, could help.

For example, in the perturbation step, instead of adding random noise, select a subset of indices and adjust them to try to reduce the C5.

But this is specific to the problem.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with the same optimization method.

Another thought: since the problem is the same as the Erdős constant, perhaps there's known structures or mathematical insights that can be applied. For example, the current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. So the improvement needed is minimal. Perhaps using a more precise optimization method could help.

In the previous code, they use 30 iterations with each iteration having 300 max iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using more aggressive perturbation could help.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, like COBYLA, which is another constrained optimization method.

But I need to decide what to implement.

Given time constraints, perhaps modifying the previous code to use the DE method is not feasible. So, perhaps trying to improve the existing method.

For example, using a different initial guess. The current code uses an even guess. Maybe generating other initial guesses could help. For example, a guess that is a periodic function with certain parameters, or one that's based on the initial guess but with adjusted spacing.

Another approach: the current code evaluates the cross-correlation for all shifts. However, the maximum might be dominated by specific shifts. For example, the shift that aligns the 1s with the 0s (i.e., when k is such that the 1s and 0s overlap). Perhaps focusing on those shifts could lead to a better optimization.

But how to know which shifts are critical? This requires knowing the structure of h, which is unknown.

Alternatively, during the optimization, focus on reducing the values of the cross-correlation for certain shifts. For example, using a subset of shifts for the objective.

But this is not clear.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model for the objective function and optimizing that. For example, using a proxy function that is easier to optimize and then refining with actual evaluations. But this is more complex.

Considering all these possibilities, the previous approach might be the best starting point. So, let me think about modifying the existing code to enhance it.

In the previous code, the main optimization is using SLSQP with perturbations. Maybe we can increase the number of iterations or use a different optimization method.

Another idea: instead of using perturbation, use a better initial guess. For example, using the initial_h_values as a starting point and then perturbing it with a different strategy.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values and then optimizing it with a more precise method.

Another possible improvement: in the previous code, the initial guess is even_initial_guess, but the initial_h_values might already be a better starting point than the even guess. So, perhaps using the initial_h_values as the best initial guess and then perturbing it, rather than comparing even_initial_guess with initial_guess.

But the previous code already starts with the initial_guess and then compares with the even_initial_guess.

Another idea: in the previous code, the even_initial_guess is created by placing 1s at regular intervals. However, with n_points=45, each 1 is spaced by 2 / (m) where m is the number of intervals. But this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial guess should be improved. For example, using a more optimized way to distribute the 1s to minimize the overlap. This could be done by placing the 1s in a way that they are evenly spread, but with some adjustments.

But how?

Alternatively, using a different initial guess, such as one that is derived from the known best solution. However, the known best solution is not available, so this might not help.

Another thought: the initial_h_values might be a good starting point. So, perhaps the code can start with it and then perform some optimization on it, rather than trying multiple initial guesses.

Therefore, modifying the code to focus on the initial_h_values and optimizing it with a better method could help.

In the previous code, after the initial guess and even guess, the best between them is selected. Maybe this is not optimal. Instead, we could start with the initial_h_values and perform optimization on it, without generating the even_initial_guess.

But the previous code compared the initial guess and the even guess. Perhaps, for the current problem, the initial guess is already better than the even guess, so we can focus on that.

So, perhaps removing the even_initial_guess and focusing on the initial_guess. But how to know?

Alternatively, considering that the initial_h_values may not be optimal, it might be better to use a different starting guess.

But without knowing the exact nature of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say.

In any case, to improve the previous code, perhaps the following changes can be made:

1. Use a larger number of optimization iterations.
2. Use more aggressive perturbation, such as larger noise_scale, or different perturbation strategies (e.g., flipping values).
3. Use a different optimization method, like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B.
4. Try multiple starting points and select the best one.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (30 iterations). Maybe increasing this number and allowing more iterations could find a better solution.

However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, it's important to balance the number of iterations and the computation per iteration.

In the previous code, each iteration of the loop runs for 300 iterations of the optimizer. This might be time-consuming. Perhaps reducing the maxiter and increasing the number of iterations (i.e., more perturbations) could be better.

Alternatively, reduce the number of maxiter per optimization and increase the number of perturbations.

But this requires careful tuning.

Another idea: in the previous code, the noise_scale starts with 0.005 and increases with random. This might not be optimal. Perhaps using a decreasing noise_scale, or a higher initial scale to explore the space more.

So, modifying the noise_scale to start higher and decrease over time.

But without knowing the optimal hyperparameters, this is speculative.

In conclusion, the most straightforward way to improve the previous code is to use a different optimization method and adjust hyperparameters. The previous code uses SLSQP with perturbations. Perhaps using a different optimization method like L-BFGS-B with a line search could be more efficient.

So, modifying the code to use L-BFGS-B instead of SLSQP. Let me try to outline this.

The previous code uses:

result = optimize.minimize(
    fun=objective,
    x0=perturbed_guess,
    method='SLSQP',
    bounds=bounds,
    constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
    options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
)

Changing the method to 'L-BFGS-B' might help. However, 'L-BFGS-B' is for bounded constraints. Since the bounds are [0,1] for each element, and the constraint is sum(h) = target_sum, which is an equality constraint.

So, with 'L-BFGS-B', the constraints can be handled by providing the bounds and the equality constraint.

But 'L-BFGS-B' does not handle equality constraints directly. Instead, the equality constraint must be added as an additional constraint. However, 'L-BFGS-B' can handle equality constraints as long as they are declared as such.

Wait, no: the 'L-BFGS-B' method does not support equality constraints; it supports only bounds and inequality constraints. So, the previous approach of using SLSQP was more appropriate for handling equality constraints.

Therefore, switching to 'L-BFGS-B' might not be feasible.

Given that, the previous code's use of SLSQP is appropriate for handling the equality constraint on the sum.

So, back to the previous approach.

Perhaps the main improvement is to increase the number of iterations and allow the optimizer to find a better minimum.

Another idea: in the previous code, the best_h is updated with result.x only if current_c5 is less than best_c5. However, this only checks one point. What if we use a multi-start approach, evaluating multiple perturbations and selecting the best?

Alternatively, using a more deterministic perturbation approach, like using a random direction in the search space.

But this is not clear.

Another thought: the constraint_sum function is defined as a function that returns sum(h) - target_sum, which is correct. But in the previous code, the optimization uses SLSQP, which is suitable for equality constraints.

Another possible improvement: using a better initial guess. The even_initial_guess may not be as good as the initial_h_values. For example, the initial_h_values might already have a better C5 value.

So, perhaps the previous code's initial guess is not the best one. In the previous code, after creating both the initial_guess and even_initial_guess, it selects the better between them. However, the initial_h_values might already be a better starting point. So, perhaps the code can focus on optimizing the initial_h_values without generating the even_initial_guess.

Thus, the code can be modified to start with the initial_guess and optimize it with more iterations.

In addition, increasing the number of perturbations (the number of times the code attempts to optimize from a perturbed guess) could help find a better solution.

For example, changing the loop from 30 iterations to more, like 50 or 100, but ensuring it runs within the time budget.

Thus, modifying the code to have more iterations and better hyperparameters.

Let me outline the changes:

In the previous code, there is a loop for _ in range(30): which runs the optimizer 30 times with perturbations. If I increase this to 50 or 100, it might give more iterations, but may exceed the time budget.

But the time budget is 100 seconds. The previous code's main loop runs 30 times with 300 iterations. This might be time-consuming. So, perhaps reducing the number of iterations in the optimizer and increasing the number of perturbations.

For example, changing the options to have fewer maxiter (like 100) and increasing the number of perturbations.

But how to balance it.

Alternatively, reducing the number of maxiter and increasing the number of times we perturb.

But without knowing the exact timing, it's hard to say.

In conclusion, the main idea is to improve the previous code by:

- Using the initial_h_values as the starting point and not relying on the even_initial_guess.
- Increasing the number of perturbations ( iterations of the loop).
- Adjusting the perturbation noise to explore the search space more effectively.
- Possibly using a different optimization method or adjusting the parameters.

But since the previous code already uses a good starting point, perhaps the main improvement is to increase the number of iterations and try different perturbations.

Another idea: in the previous code, the perturbation is added as a normal distribution with a certain scale. Maybe instead, using a different perturbation strategy, like randomized flipping of values or adjusting certain points.

For example, in each perturbation step, randomly select a few points and adjust them to try to lower the C5.

But this would require knowing which points are responsible for the high overlap, which is not possible without evaluating the overlap.

Alternatively, using a more deterministic approach, such as moving the points in the direction of the gradient.

But again, without knowing the gradient, this is not straightforward.

Given all these considerations, the best approach might be to modify the previous code to increase the number of perturbations and adjust the perturbation parameters to explore the search space more effectively.

Therefore, here's the plan for the new code:

- Keep the same initial guess as the initial_h_values.
- Increase the number of perturbations (iterations in the loop).
- Adjust the noise_scale to be larger initially to encourage exploration.
- Use the SLSQP method with appropriate parameters.
- Track the best solution found.

So, implementing these changes in code.

Let me now write the code accordingly.

The code will use the initial_h_values as the starting point, and will perform more iterations with perturbations. The noise scale may be adjusted, and the number of iterations in the loop increased.

Additionally, the previous code had a loop that runs 30 times. To save time, perhaps increasing the number of iterations in the loop but reducing the number of optimizer iterations.

For example, changing the loop to run 50 times, with each optimizer run having maxiter 100 instead of 300.

But this needs to be balanced to fit within 100 seconds.

In the previous code, the loop runs 30 times, and each optimizer run has maxiter 300.

Let me estimate the time. Each optimizer call takes some time. Assuming that each call takes about 1/10 of a second (which is optimistic), then 30 calls take 3 seconds, allowing for more iterations.

But this is a rough estimate.

In any case, the new code will focus on optimizing the initial_h_values with more iterations.

Thus, the code can be modified as follows:

- Remove the even_initial_guess part.
- Only use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Run more iterations of the loop.
- Adjust the noise scale.

Let me outline the code:

import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    import os
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    # Increase the number of iterations
    for _ in range(50):  # More iterations
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        noise_scale = 0.02 + 0.02 * np.random.rand()  # Larger noise scale for exploration
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)
        
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

This code modifies the previous approach by:

- Using only the initial_guess as the starting point.
- Increasing the number of iterations to 50.
- Increasing the initial noise_scale to 0.02, promoting exploration.
- Reducing the maxiter per optimization to 200 to save time.

This might allow for more exploration and finding a better solution.

However, there's a possibility that this code may take too long. To save time, the code uses a smaller maxiter for each optimization and more iterations.

Additionally, the constraint_sum function is used properly, ensuring the sum is maintained.

Another improvement could be to also consider other starting points, but given the time, this might be manageable.

Thus, this code should provide a better bound than the previous one, assuming that the exploration and optimization are more effective.

So, the final code is as written above, but incorporating these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(x):
        h_vals = np.array(x)
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(x):
        return np.sum(x) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    for _ in range(80):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        noise_scale = 0.015 + 0.015 * np.random.rand()
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)
        
        res = optimize.minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 180, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        
        if res.success:
            current_c5 = objective(res.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = res.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```