<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and our target is to get lower than 0.380876. The previous code uses a perturbation-based optimization approach starting from initial_h_values with n=45 samples. But maybe that's not the best approach. Let me think about how to improve this.

First, the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. To minimize this, we need a function h that overlaps as little as possible with its shifted version.

The previous code uses SLSQP with perturbations and noise scaling. But maybe a different optimization method or a different starting point could help. Also, maybe using more points would allow for a better approximation, but the user prefers smaller sequences. However, the current code uses n=45, maybe increasing n could help? But the user says sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, so maybe sticking to around 50-100 points would be better.

Another thought: maybe using a more sophisticated optimization method. The SLSQP method might get stuck in local optima. Perhaps using a genetic algorithm or a different global optimization method could explore the space better. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, maybe a more efficient method is needed.

Alternatively, consider using a structured approach to construct h. For example, using a piecewise constant function with certain patterns that minimize overlap. The initial_h_values might have a certain structure, like a periodic pattern or alternating high and low values.

Another idea: since the integral is over [0,2], perhaps the optimal h has a period that's compatible with the shifts considered. For example, if h is periodic with period 2/k for some k, then shifting by k could lead to overlaps. But not sure.

Wait, the overlap integral is for all k, but the maximum is taken over k. For the Erdős problem, the optimal construction is likely to be periodic or have some symmetry. Maybe trying to design h with a specific pattern, like a triangular wave or something similar, could help.

But how to translate that into code? Maybe using a heuristic to generate initial guesses. For example, divide the interval into regions where h is 0 or 1, but arranged to minimize overlap.

Alternatively, think of this as an optimization problem where the objective is to minimize the maximum cross-correlation. Maybe using a coordinate descent approach, where we iteratively adjust each point to reduce the maximum overlap.

Another point: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (30) with decreasing noise. Maybe we can try a different strategy, such as simulated annealing, which allows for more exploration by gradually reducing the temperature.

But with the time constraints, maybe it's better to try a different optimization method. For example, using a genetic algorithm where each individual is a candidate h. However, genetic algorithms can be slow unless optimized.

Alternatively, perhaps using a convex relaxation. However, since the problem is non-convex, that's not straightforward.

Wait, the constraint is that the integral of h is 1. So the sum of h is n_points / 2. The problem is non-convex because we are minimizing the maximum of a set of convex functions (cross-correlation values). So maybe a better approach is to use a more efficient optimization method.

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is a convolution-like operation, perhaps we can model it as a maximization over shifts. For each shift k, the integral is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum of these integrals.

But evaluating this for all k is expensive. However, in the code, they use np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum of those values is the C5.

So the objective is to find h that minimizes the maximum of these values.

Another approach is to use a gradient-based method with a better initial guess. The initial_h_values given might not be optimal, so perhaps generating a more optimal starting point could help. However, without knowing the initial_h_values, I can't recompute that. But the code says to use initial_h_values if available.

Alternatively, maybe using a different starting point. For example, trying to construct a h that has high variance to minimize overlaps. For instance, alternating between 0 and 1 as much as possible, but constrained by the integral.

Another thought: since the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], when n_points is even, each sample is 0.5 in sum. For example, with n_points=45, the sum is 45/2=22.5. So h is a piecewise constant function with values in [0,1], summing to 22.5.

To minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps h should be as spread out as possible. So regions with high h should be spaced apart so that when shifted, they don't overlap with the 1-h regions.

But how to model this? Maybe using a regular pattern, like dividing [0,2] into intervals where h is 1 or 0, but arranged in such a way that the shifts don't cause overlaps. For example, placing 1s spaced apart by more than some distance. But with the integral constraint, that's tricky.

Alternatively, think of the problem as designing a function that is a pulse with certain width and spacing. For example, if h is a square wave that is 1 for a certain length and 0 otherwise, but adjusted to sum to 1. However, the square wave would have high overlap when shifted by its period.

Wait, the Erdős problem's constant is known to be related to the optimal packing of such pulses. So perhaps the optimal h is a square wave that is 1 for 1/k of the interval and 0 otherwise, but with certain k. However, I'm not sure.

In any case, the previous code's approach was to perturb the initial guess and try to minimize the objective. But maybe we can try a different optimization method, such as using the COBYLA method which handles bounds and constraints, or a different solver.

Another idea: the problem can be rephrased as an optimization with constraints. We need to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation values, which is a non-smooth and non-convex function. So optimization might be tricky.

But perhaps we can use a more efficient method, such as using the optimize.minimize function with different methods. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method which doesn't require gradients. Or maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach.

Alternatively, using a more structured initialization. For example, starting with the initial_h_values and then applying some transformations to spread out the values.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (30) with decreasing noise. Maybe instead, using a larger number of iterations but with a better method. Or trying different hyperparameters like the number of iterations, noise scale, convergence criteria.

Alternatively, try to use a different starting point. If the initial_h_values are not good, maybe generating a new starting point by randomly placing 1s and 0s with the required sum. For example, with n_points=45, we can have around 22.5 ones and 22.5 zeros, but since we can't have half ones, maybe using a combination of 0s and 1s and some values in between. But how to generate that?

But the user's code already uses the initial_h_values. So maybe the initial guess is not the best. However, without knowing what that initial_h_values is, it's hard to tell.

Another possible improvement is to sample the function h with more points. But the user mentioned that small sequences are preferred. So maybe keeping n_points=45 is better.

Another idea is to consider the cross-correlation and how it depends on h. The overlap integral for shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Expanding this, it becomes ∫ h(x) - h(x)h(x +k) dx = ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. But since ∫ h(x) dx = 1, this becomes 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, maximizing the overlap integral is equivalent to minimizing ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. Thus, the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx over k.

But since the integral of h is 1, the maximum of this term is what we need to minimize. So maybe this formulation is useful for some methods. But I'm not sure how to apply it.

Alternatively, considering that for a given h, the cross-correlation with itself (but maybe not directly relevant here).

Another approach: since the cross-correlation is a convolution, perhaps we can model this as a convolution problem and use techniques from signal processing. For example, using a filter that minimizes the maximum of the cross-correlation. But I'm not familiar with such methods.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. The previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. But for a function defined on [0,2], the maximum shift would be 2. However, the correlation between h and 1 - h would be over all possible shifts that result in overlapping regions.

But this depends on the actual implementation. The code is using the full mode, which gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts, including those that go beyond the original domain. However, the integral for the overlap is taken over the intersection of [0,2] and [k, k+2], so maybe the code's way of computing it via the full correlation is correct?

Not sure, but assuming the code's method is correct.

Now, the previous code uses a perturbation approach. Perhaps we can try a more global optimization approach. For example, using a genetic algorithm. Each individual is a h array, and we evolve them to minimize the C5.

But implementing a genetic algorithm might be time-consuming and may not fit within the 100-second budget. However, given that the current code's best value is 0.381160, perhaps a genetic algorithm could find a better solution.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method which is a quasi-Newton method. Or using the 'COBYLA' method which handles bounds.

Another possible improvement is to use a better initial guess. For instance, generating a random starting point with the required sum and then optimizing from there. But this might not be better than the initial_h_values.

Another thought: the code uses a fixed noise scale that decreases over time. Maybe a different schedule for perturbation, like exponential decay, or alternating between different noise scales.

Alternatively, using a random restart strategy where we try multiple different initial guesses and pick the best one.

But given the time constraints, how to fit this into the code.

Another idea: split the time into phases. For example, first perform a coarse search with larger noise scale, then a fine search with smaller noise. This can help escape local optima early on.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization library. For example, using a method like the 'SLSQP' with different settings, or using a different solver.

Wait, the code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe using the 'Nelder-Mead' method could be better for the problem's non-smoothness.

Another thing to consider is the constraints. The constraint is sum(h) = n_points / 2. The code uses an equality constraint. But maybe adding other constraints or using a different formulation.

Alternatively, using a different way to compute the objective. For example, precomputing all the cross-correlation values and then taking the maximum, which is what the code does.

But perhaps there's a way to vectorize the computation more. However, the code already uses numpy's correlate function.

Another possible optimization is to use parallel processing. However, the code is supposed to run on a single CPU, so that's not helpful.

So, to sum up, possible improvements to the code:

1. Try a different optimization method, like Nelder-Mead or COBYLA.
2. Use a more effective perturbation strategy.
3. Try multiple random initial guesses and select the best.
4. Implement a more structured approach to generate initial guesses.
5. Experiment with different numbers of iterations and noise scales.
6. Use a better way to handle the optimization constraints.

Let me think about how to implement these.

For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method could be better for non-smooth objectives. Let's modify the optimization method.

Also, the code's current method has a fixed max_iter=30, but maybe increasing it or adjusting the noise scaling.

Another idea: the current code uses 30 iterations, each time perturbing the previous best solution with noise. But maybe we can use a more efficient exploration strategy, such as using a larger number of perturbed points at the start, then gradually reducing.

Alternatively, use a simulated annealing approach where the temperature starts high and decreases over time, allowing for more exploration.

But implementing simulated annealing might be complex. Alternatively, trying different optimization parameters.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a fixed noise_scale that decreases each iteration. Maybe instead, the noise_scale could be adjusted based on the improvement. For example, if the objective improves, reduce the noise scale more quickly.

Alternatively, use a larger number of initial perturbations, but this might take too much time.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses the initial_guess as the starting point, but maybe generating multiple initial guesses and selecting the best one could help. For example, generating a few different starting points by perturbing the initial_h_values, then optimizing each of them.

But this would take more time and might not be feasible within the budget.

Alternatively, using a more effective initial guess based on some pattern. For example, designing a h that alternates between 0 and 1, but adjusted to satisfy the sum constraint. However, the initial_h_values may already have such a pattern.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a binary sequence (if h is 0 or 1) with certain autocorrelation properties. For example, in coding theory, sequences with low autocorrelation are desired. However, our problem is a bit different because h is not binary, and we are considering cross-correlation with 1 - h.

But perhaps using ideas from binary sequences with low autocorrelation. For example, using a Barker sequence or similar. However, the length here is 45, and Barker sequences are limited in length. Alternatively, using a de Bruijn sequence or other combinatorial designs.

But without knowing the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the code provided uses the initial_h_values, which may not be optimal.

In any case, to make the code better, perhaps changing the optimization method and parameters.

Let me consider modifying the code to use the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a limited-memory BFGS method with bounds. However, this requires gradients. The current objective function is non-smooth due to the maximum operation, which complicates things. But maybe the maximum is dominated by certain values, and the gradient can be approximated.

Alternatively, using a different method that doesn't require gradients, like COBYLA.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the previous solution, perform a grid search over different initial points. However, with n_points=45, this would be too slow.

Another possible improvement: use a different way to compute the objective. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which may not be the most efficient or accurate. Let me check what this does.

The np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full') returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. For example, for a signal of length N, the full mode returns a result of length 2N-1. The maximum value among these, multiplied by dx, is the C5.

But the integral ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx is over x where both x and x +k are within [0,2]. So for shifts k in [-2, 2], but the code's approach might include some values that are not valid. However, in the code, the dx is scaled correctly, so perhaps the full mode is correct.

But I'm not sure. Maybe it's better to compute the cross-correlation for shifts k in [0, 2], which would correspond to certain positions. Alternatively, the code's method might be correct.

In any case, the code's current approach seems to be using the full mode, which is acceptable.

So, back to the code. Let me think about modifying it.

First, changing the optimization method from SLSQP to another method. For example, using the 'COBYLA' method, which handles bounds and constraints.

But COBYLA might require more iterations. Also, the constraint is an equality constraint, which COBYLA can handle.

Alternatively, trying the 'SLSQP' with more iterations and better settings.

Another thing to change: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (30), but perhaps it's better to run for longer, but track time.

Another idea: the constraint sum(h) = n_points / 2 is an equality constraint. The code uses equality constraints in the minimize function. That's correct.

Another possible improvement: the initial guess is the initial_h_values. But maybe the initial guess isn't good. However, without knowing what the initial_h_values are, perhaps the code is already using the best possible starting point.

So, perhaps the main improvements are in the optimization method and parameters.

For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds, but this requires the objective function to be differentiable. However, since the objective function is max(correlation), which is non-differentiable, this might be challenging.

Alternatively, use a smoothed version of the max function. However, this would complicate the code.

Alternatively, using a different approach to approximate the max. For instance, using a penalty method where we want to minimize the sum of the cross-correlation values, but this might not directly target the max.

But given the time, perhaps the best way is to adjust the code's optimization method and parameters.

So, modifying the code to use COBYLA with more iterations. Let me try that.

Also, the previous code's perturbation strategy may not be sufficient. Maybe instead of perturbing the previous best solution, we can use a more diverse set of initial guesses, but this may not fit within the time budget.

Alternatively, trying multiple initial guesses and selecting the best.

But with the given code structure, maybe it's best to adjust the optimization method.

Another thing to note: the code uses the 'SLSQP' method, which can be sensitive to the initial guess. Perhaps using a method that is more robust to initial parameters.

So, changing the optimization method to 'COBYLA' and see if that helps.

Also, adjusting the settings like the 'ftol' and 'eps' parameters.

Another thing: the previous code uses 'maxiter' of 200 for each optimization call, but that's perhaps too much for each iteration. However, the total time is limited.

But given that the code is supposed to run for 100 seconds, the actual number of iterations and their settings are crucial.

Another possible change is to increase the number of iterations or use different noise scaling.

But in code, the current setup has a max_iter of 30, with noise_scale decreasing by 0.95 each iteration.

Maybe increasing the number of iterations or changing the noise scale decay rate.

Alternatively, try using a random restart approach where multiple different initial guesses are generated and optimized, then choose the best one. However, this might use more time.

In conclusion, the code can be modified to use a different optimization method, such as 'COBYLA' or 'Nelder-Mead', and adjust the hyperparameters to improve performance.

Let me outline the changes in code.

First, in the optimize.minimize call, change the method to 'COBYLA'.

Also, adjust the 'ftol' and 'eps' parameters for better convergence.

Additionally, perhaps using a more aggressive perturbation schedule, or adjusting the noise scale.

But without knowing the exact initial_h_values, it's hard to adjust. However, the code uses the initial_h_values as the starting point.

Another thing: the initial guess is copied, but maybe it's better to generate a better initial guess. However, if the initial_h_values are already good, then we should use them.

So, putting it all together, modifying the code to use the COBYLA method, and see if that helps.

Another possible change: the objective function can be optimized by precomputing the cross-correlation values, but this is already done.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to calculate the maximum correlation. However, the current method is already using numpy's correlate function, which is optimized.

So, the code's main issue is the optimization method. Changing the method to 'COBYLA' and adjusting the parameters.

Let me adjust the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    import os
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    # Perturbation schedule: decreasing noise scale over iterations
    max_iter = 30
    noise_scale = 0.05
    for iter in range(max_iter):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Adaptive noise scaling for exploration
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)
        
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
        # Reduce noise scale over time
        noise_scale *= 0.95
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```