<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to improve the upper bound for C₅, which is the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The user wants me to find a better construction.

First, the previous code uses a random perturbation approach with SLSQP optimization starting from an initial guess. But maybe that's not the most efficient way. Let me think about what could be done differently.

The problem is to find a step function h over [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum of the correlation between h and 1-h. So, the goal is to arrange the step function so that when you shift it by k, the area of overlap is minimized as much as possible.

The current approach samples the function and uses optimization. But perhaps there's a better way to structure the h function. Maybe using symmetry or certain patterns that distribute the 1s in h evenly, avoiding overlaps. For example, if the function has intervals where it's 1 and 0, arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

The initial_h_values is a starting point with n=45 samples. But maybe starting with other constructions could lead to better results. Like, maybe using a more optimal initial guess. Also, the previous code uses random perturbations, but maybe a smarter search method would help.

Another idea: the problem resembles designing a set of points such that their shifts don't overlap too much. This might be similar to packing intervals or anti-correlation. Maybe considering the function h as a set of intervals where h(x) is 1, and ensuring that the intervals are spaced in a way that overlapping with shifted versions is minimized.

Let me think about the constraints. The total integral of h is 1, so the total length of the intervals where h is 1 is 1. The overlap integral depends on the maximum convolution between h and 1-h. So for each shift k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. To minimize the maximum of these.

An approach could be to model h as a binary function (0s and 1s) but that's not necessarily the case. However, since we're dealing with step functions, maybe a binary representation is a good start, but the previous code uses real values. However, for optimization purposes, using binary might be easier but perhaps not optimal. However, the problem allows h to be any step function in [0,1], so maybe allowing some fractional values could help in balancing the overlaps.

Wait, but the previous code uses a continuous optimization with bounds on each h[i], so maybe that's a good approach. However, the optimization might get stuck in local minima. So, perhaps using a different method, like simulated annealing, or a genetic algorithm, could help escape local optima. But given the time constraints (100 seconds), maybe that's not feasible.

Alternatively, maybe using a more structured approach. For example, partition the interval [0,2] into segments where h is either 0 or 1, and arrange these segments to minimize overlap. This would reduce the problem to choosing positions and lengths of intervals, which is a combinatorial problem. However, with 45 points, this might be too complex.

Another thought: the problem is similar to the problem of minimizing the maximum pairwise overlap between two sets. But here, the overlap is over all shifts. So, the function h needs to be arranged such that when you shift it by small amounts, the overlap is minimized.

Let me think about the convolution. The overlap for shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. Which can be rewritten as integral h(x) dx - integral h(x)h(x +k) dx. The first term is fixed, since the integral of h is 1. So the overlap is 1 - integral h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, the maximum overlap integral is 1 - min_k integral h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing min_k integral h(x)h(x +k) dx.

Wait, that's an interesting rephrasing. So our goal is to maximize the minimum of the cross-correlations between h and itself. That's an important insight. Therefore, the problem becomes maximizing the minimal cross-correlation over all shifts k. This changes the perspective.

So, perhaps the problem can be transformed into finding a function h with a total integral of 1 that maximizes the minimal cross-correlation with its shifted versions. This might suggest that we need h to be as "spread out" as possible, avoiding overlapping with its shifts.

So, what kind of function would have high minimal cross-correlation? Maybe a function with a uniform distribution of 1s. For example, if h is a uniform distribution over [0,2], then the integral would be 1. But in that case, the cross-correlation with shifts would be high. Wait, but that's the opposite of what we want. Wait, no. If h is uniform, then h(x)h(x +k) would be uniform as well, so the integral would be 1*dx * (average of h(x)h(x+k)). Wait, but that's not helpful. Maybe not the right direction.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral is the maximum over k, so to minimize it, we need to arrange h such that for any shift k, the overlap is as small as possible. So, if we can make the function h to have its 1s spaced out such that when you shift it by any k, the overlap is small.

This seems similar to the problem of designing a set of points with minimal overlap under shifts. For example, in the case of a set of points, if they are spread out, their shifts will not overlap much.

But how to model this. Maybe for a given h, which is a step function, we can find the shifts that maximize the overlap, and then try to minimize that maximum.

Another approach: since the problem is about maximizing the minimal cross-correlation, perhaps using a greedy algorithm. For example, placing the 1s in h in such a way that each new 1 is placed as far as possible from existing ones, but considering that the total area is 1.

But with a continuous function, this is tricky. However, since we can use discretized samples, maybe a more structured approach.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a binary optimization problem. If h is allowed to take only 0 and 1, then the problem may have a better structure, and perhaps more efficient optimization. However, the previous code uses continuous variables, which might allow for better flexibility.

But given that the current approach may not be sufficient, perhaps altering the optimization method. For example, using a different optimizer. The previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe using a different method, such as differential evolution, which is better for global optimization. But with 45 variables, it may be too slow.

Alternatively, maybe using a gradient-based method with better initial guesses. The previous code starts from an even distribution and a random perturbation, but perhaps a better initial guess could be constructed.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe trying multiple starting points and using a more robust optimization strategy could help.

Another idea: the problem is similar to the problem of minimizing the maximum of a set of functions. So, perhaps using a saddle point approach where we try to balance the overlaps.

Alternatively, the problem is similar to finding a function h that is as "orthogonal" as possible to its shifted versions. This is similar to the concept in signal processing where a function is orthogonal to its shifts, which would make the cross-correlations zero. However, that's impossible here due to the integral constraint. But perhaps designing a function that's as orthogonal as possible.

But how to model this. Maybe the function should have a certain Fourier transform that is flat. However, this is getting into more advanced harmonic analysis, which may be complex.

Alternatively, considering that the cross-correlation integral is related to the Fourier transform. The cross-correlation of h and h is the Fourier transform of h squared. So, the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx is the Fourier transform evaluated at k. Wait, perhaps not exactly, but the Fourier transform can be used to analyze these correlations.

But maybe that's overcomplicating. Let's get back to the problem.

The previous code uses a simple gradient-based method with random perturbations. To improve this, perhaps we can use a better initial guess. For example, instead of an even distribution, maybe a more structured initial guess based on known optimal structures.

For example, in the Erdős problem, the classic solution for C₅ uses a specific pattern. However, since the problem allows for a construction with n=45 points, maybe the initial guess is a suboptimal one, and a better one can be designed.

Alternatively, the initial_h_values may be a starting point that can be improved. But how?

Another approach: since the optimization is over the samples of h, perhaps using a different optimization method that can handle the constraints better. For example, using a genetic algorithm with crossover and mutation. But given the time budget, this might be too slow.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to sample the space more efficiently. But again, this is complex to implement quickly.

Wait, the previous code uses scipy's SLSQP with constraints. Maybe adjusting the parameters, like increasing the number of iterations, but the previous code runs 30 iterations. However, with the time budget constraint, maybe that's not enough.

Alternatively, using more efficient exploration of the search space. For instance, using a combination of local optimization with different starting points.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps focusing on reducing the maximum overlap by iteratively optimizing for the worst-case shift. For example, for each step, find the shift k that gives the highest overlap, and then optimize h to reduce this particular overlap. However, this is a greedy approach and may not lead to the global minimum.

But how to implement this. Maybe using a loop where we first compute the maximum overlap, then optimize h to reduce that specific overlap, then recompute the maximum, and repeat. However, this could get stuck in local minima.

Alternatively, using a Monte Carlo approach where we randomly sample different h functions and evaluate their C₅, then selecting the best. But this is expensive without a good search strategy.

Another thought: the previous code uses a random perturbation of the current best solution. However, perhaps using a more directed approach, such as gradient-based optimization with a better initial guess.

Wait, the initial guess in the previous code is an even distribution, which may not be optimal. Let's try to find a better initial guess. For example, using a pattern that is spread out. For example, placing the 1s in the function in a way that their corresponding intervals are spaced apart. If the length of each interval is small, and they are spaced far apart, the overlap with shifts would be minimized. However, with the total integral of 1, the sum of the lengths of the intervals must be 1.

For instance, if we divide the interval [0,2] into several segments where h is 1. Suppose there are m such intervals, each of length l. Then m*l = 1. The spacing between the intervals would need to be such that when you shift by any k, the overlap is minimal.

However, this is getting into the territory of designing a set of intervals. For example, placing them as evenly spaced as possible. For example, if there are m intervals, each of length l, then the centers are spaced along [0,2] with some spacing between them.

But how to calculate this. Let's say m intervals, each of length l. The total length is m*l = 1. The length of [0,2] is 2, so the spacing between intervals needs to be such that they are as spread out as possible.

But perhaps starting with a certain number of intervals, e.g., m=5 or 6, and spacing them evenly. However, the problem allows for continuous step functions, not just discrete intervals. Therefore, maybe a better initial guess is a binary step function with m intervals spaced evenly, each of length l.

For example, m=5 intervals of length 0.2 (since 5*0.2=1), spaced evenly over 2 units. Let's calculate their positions. The total length of the intervals is 1, so the spacing between them would need to be such that they don't overlap. However, the spacing between the intervals would depend on how they are placed.

Alternatively, if we divide the interval [0,2] into 5 regions, each of length 0.2, spaced apart. For example, each interval is centered at positions like 0.2, 0.6, 1.0, 1.4, 1.8, with a width of 0.2. Then their total length is 1, and they are spaced apart. However, when shifted by k, their overlaps would depend on the shift. This might be a good initial guess.

But how to create such a function. Let me think: for a given number of intervals m, we can create a step function where each interval is of length l = 1/m, and spaced such that they are as far apart as possible. However, the exact spacing would depend on how the intervals are arranged.

Alternatively, using a binary construction with m intervals, where each is placed periodically. For example, if we have intervals placed every T units, then T would be chosen such that the total length of the intervals is 1. But how?

For example, if there are m intervals, each of length l, and they are placed every (2/m) units. Then the spacing between the intervals is (2/m) - l. Wait, but that's not necessarily the case. This is getting too vague.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to the problem of minimizing the maximum overlap between the function and its shifted versions, which is equivalent to a packing problem. The function h should have its 1s distributed such that the overlaps with shifts are minimized. 

So, if I can model the function as a set of points where h=1, then the problem becomes equivalent to packing these points in [0,2] such that the maximum overlap is minimized. For example, if I place the points in a periodic manner, but ensuring that shifting by small amounts doesn't cause overlaps.

But since the function is continuous, it's not exactly points, but intervals. However, perhaps the initial guess can be constructed as a set of intervals spaced evenly. For example, for n_points=45, the function could be a set of intervals that are arranged periodically.

But how to compute this. Let's think: the sum of the areas of the intervals is 1. So if we have m intervals, each with width w, then m*w = 1. The positions of these intervals need to be arranged in [0,2] such that they are spread out.

For example, if m is a divisor of 2, say m=2, then the intervals can be placed symmetrically. But this may not be optimal. Alternatively, perhaps arranging the intervals to be spaced such that the distance between any two adjacent intervals is maximized. This would minimize the chance of overlap when the function is shifted.

But again, this is a bit abstract. Let's think of creating a binary function where 1s are placed at certain positions. For example, placing 1s at positions that are evenly spaced. Let me consider the case where m=5, with each interval of length 1/5 = 0.2. Then arrange them evenly in [0,2]. The total length is m*l=1, which satisfies the constraint. 

If the intervals are spaced with their centers at 0.2, 0.6, 1.0, 1.4, 1.8, each of length 0.2, then the intervals would be from 0.1 to 0.3, 0.5 to 0.7, etc. The spacing between the intervals is 0.2 units. If the function is shifted by a small k, say 0.1, then the overlap between the first interval and the second would be the area of overlap between [0.1-0.3] and [0.5-0.7] shifted by 0.1, which would be [0.2-0.3] and [0.6-0.7], which have no overlap. Similarly for small shifts. However, if the shift is larger, say k=0.4, then the first interval [0.1-0.3] shifted by 0.4 would be [0.5-0.7], which overlaps with the second interval [0.5-0.7], giving a full overlap. This would result in a large overlap, which would be bad.

Thus, this construction may not be optimal. So this approach might not be correct.

Another idea: to make the function h such that its Fourier coefficients are as small as possible. This would result in minimal overlap with shifts. However, calculating this might be complex.

Alternatively, think about the function h as a combination of basis functions that have minimal cross-correlation. For example, using orthogonal functions. However, with the integral constraint, this is difficult.

Alternatively, using a function that is a sampled version of a fractal or a wavelet. But this is probably not helpful for the optimization.

Given the time constraints and the need for a practical approach, perhaps the best is to improve the initial guess and use a more efficient optimization method.

The current initial guess is an "even" distribution, which may not be optimal. Creating a better initial guess could help. For example, using a pattern that spreads the 1s as much as possible.

Another approach: for the initial guess, create a function that has intervals of 1s placed at positions that are as far apart as possible. For example, if there are m intervals, each of length l, positioned periodically across the interval [0,2]. 

To do this, the positions can be determined by spacing them out. Let's say m=number of intervals. Each interval has length l=1/m. The positions can be determined such that the intervals are as spaced out as possible. 

For example, suppose m=5. Then the total length is 1. The interval [0,2] is divided into 5 sections. The first interval starts at 0. The next interval starts at 0.5, but this depends on the spacing. However, this is not the right way. 

Alternatively, if the intervals are placed such that they are centered at positions that are spaced evenly. For example, for m=5 intervals, their centers are at positions 0.3, 0.7, 1.1, 1.5, 1.9. Each has width 0.2, so they occupy ranges from 0.2 to 0.4, 0.6 to 0.8, etc. This way, the intervals are spaced with some gap between them. 

This could be a better initial guess. So, for the initial guess, create a function with m intervals of length l = 1/m, centered at positions spaced evenly over [0,2]. The spacing between centers would be (2 - (m * l)) / (m + 1), but this is complex. Alternatively, for a given number of intervals m, the spacing between them can be calculated as (2 - m * l) / (m + 1), but I need to think carefully.

Wait, the total length of intervals is m*l = 1. The rest of the space is 2 - 1 = 1, which can be distributed as spacing between intervals. For m intervals, there are m+1 spaces (before the first interval, between intervals, and after the last). Assuming equal spacing, each of these spaces would be (1)/(m+1). So the first interval starts at 0, then the next starts at (l) + (1/(m+1)), and so on. But this is getting into detailed calculations.

Alternatively, if we arrange the m intervals to be spaced as evenly as possible. For example, the centers of the intervals are placed at positions that are equally spaced. So for m intervals, the centers would be placed at positions starting from 0.2 up to 1.8, with spacing of 0.4. Then the intervals would be of length l = 0.2, spaced with 0.2 between them. 

This arrangement would maximize the spacing between the intervals, which might help in minimizing overlap. 

However, for the current initial guess, the code uses an even distribution. Maybe changing the initial guess to this alternative approach would yield better results.

Another possibility: use the initial_h_values provided, but apply a transformation to it. For example, spread out the 1s more. But without knowing what the initial_h_values is, it's hard to say. However, the user says to use it directly if available, and not redefine it. 

In the previous code, the initial guess is an even distribution constructed by creating a step function that is 1 in ranges around certain positions. However, perhaps this even distribution is not optimal. Maybe a better initial guess could be created with more spread-out 1s.

Another idea: for the optimization, instead of perturbing the current best solution with small random noise, use a more targeted approach. For example, for the current best solution, compute the maximum overlap and then optimize specifically to reduce that overlap. This is a form of greedy optimization.

But how to implement this. For example, in each iteration, find the shift k that gives the largest overlap, then optimize the h function to reduce that particular overlap. This would involve modifying the objective function to focus on that specific k, which could be done with a penalty term or by directly optimizing for that k.

However, this is computationally intensive and might not be feasible within the time budget. 

Alternatively, using the previous code's approach but with a better initial guess. For example, using a binary step function with evenly spaced intervals. Let me try to create such a function.

Let's take n_points=45. The total length of intervals is 1, so if the intervals are of length l, and there are m intervals, then m*l=1. The number of intervals m can be determined based on the length. Suppose we choose m=20, then l=0.05. The spacing between the intervals would need to be calculated such that they are spread out.

But how to create such a function with n_points samples. Perhaps using a periodic pattern. For example, placing the intervals at regular intervals.

For example, with m=20 intervals, each of length 0.05, spaced equally. The total length of the intervals is 20*0.05=1, which satisfies the constraint. The spacing between intervals would be (2 - 1) / (20 + 1) = 1/21 ≈ 0.0476. This spacing is small. But this might not be the best way.

Alternatively, place the intervals at positions that are spaced as far apart as possible. For example, the first interval is placed at the start, then the next is placed at the end of the interval plus some spacing, and so on.

But this is getting too detailed. Perhaps the best way is to modify the initial guess creation. For example, instead of an even distribution, use a more spread-out binary pattern. 

In the previous code, the create_even_guess function tries to create a step function by placing 1s in positions around certain points. Perhaps modifying this to create a more spread-out pattern.

Another approach for the initial guess is to use the initial_h_values and spread out the 1s. For example, if the initial_h_values has a non-uniform distribution, we can adjust it to be more even.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial_h_values is already a good starting point, and the previous code's optimization is not sufficient. In that case, modifying the optimization approach might help.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of optimization iterations (30). Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or using more adaptive strategies could help. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, this may be possible.

Additionally, the previous code uses a simple SLSQP optimizer with bounds. Perhaps using a different optimizer, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which is derivative-free and might explore the space better. However, Nelder-Mead may not be as efficient as SLSQP for high-dimensional problems. But with 45 variables, it's possible.

Alternatively, using a combination of different optimizers. For example, using SLSQP for local optimization and Nelder-Mead for global exploration.

Another possible improvement is to evaluate the C₅ value not just once but in a way that focuses on the worst-case shift. This could be done by modifying the objective function to penalize the maximum overlap more heavily.

Another point: the current objective function returns the maximum overlap. However, during optimization, the algorithm may get stuck in a region where this maximum is not the true maximum. Therefore, adding a constraint that ensures that all shifts are considered may help, but this is complex.

In summary, the plan is to:

1. Improve the initial guess by using a more spread-out pattern of 1s.
2. Use a more robust optimization method that can escape local optima.
3. Evaluate the C₅ value more effectively during optimization.
4. Possibly use a different optimization strategy, such as simulated annealing or multi-start methods.

Given the time constraints and the need to code this quickly, I'll focus on improving the initial guess and using a more effective optimization method. 

For the initial guess, let's create a binary pattern with evenly spaced intervals. For n_points=45, let's say we have m=10 intervals, each of length 0.1 (since 10*0.1=1). Then, place these intervals at positions that are spread out. For example, each interval is centered at positions 0.2, 0.6, 1.0, etc. Then, in the sample points, each interval corresponds to a range where h is 1. But how to code this.

Alternatively, for the initial guess, divide the interval [0,2] into 10 segments of length 0.2 each, and place each segment as a 1. This would give 10 intervals of width 0.2, total length 2, which doesn't match the constraint. Wait, no. The sum should be 1. So if m=10 intervals, each of length 0.1, summers to 1. Then the spacing between intervals needs to be calculated. For example, if we have m=10 intervals, each of length 0.1, and want them spaced as evenly as possible. The total length of intervals is 1, and the remaining space is 2-1 = 1. If we distribute this remaining space equally as spacing between intervals, the spacing would be 1/(m+1) = 1/11 ≈ 0.0909. So the intervals would be placed with spacing of ~0.09 between them.

However, coding this for the initial guess would require generating a binary function. Once that is done, perhaps the initial guess is better.

In code, this could be done by creating an array where h[i] is 1 in certain positions and 0 elsewhere. However, with n_points=45, it's possible to create such a pattern by dividing the interval into m intervals.

But perhaps it's better to use a continuous function with a certain distribution. Alternatively, use the previous code's even distribution but with a different number of intervals. 

But given time constraints, perhaps modifying the initial guess creation function to create a spread-out pattern is the way to go. 

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values as the starting point, but with some modifications. 

Another idea: the previous code's even_initial_guess is constructed by placing 1s in positions around certain points. Perhaps changing the number of positions or their spacing can yield a better initial guess.

But without knowing the exact structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to make precise changes. Therefore, perhaps the best approach is to focus on improving the optimization process. 

In the previous code, the optimization uses SLSQP with constraints. Perhaps switching to a different optimizer like differential evolution (DE) might be more effective, even though it's slower. However, with the time budget, it might be feasible. 

Differential evolution is a population-based optimization algorithm that can explore the search space more broadly and may find a better solution. However, it requires more time and computational resources. But given that the budget is 100 seconds, perhaps it's worth trying.

So, the revised plan is:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Use a differential evolution optimizer to minimize the C₅ value.
- Adjust the number of iterations and population size to stay within the time budget.
- Evaluate the best solution found.

This approach could potentially find a better solution than the previous method.

But how to implement this in code.

The scipy.optimize.differential_evolution function is available. However, for high-dimensional problems, it can be slow. But with 45 variables, it may take time.

Moreover, the differential evolution requires the bounds, and the objective function to minimize. However, in our case, the objective is to minimize the maximum overlap, which is the C₅ value.

So, the steps would be:

1. Define the objective function as before.
2. Use differential evolution with the initial guess as the starting point.
3. Run the optimization and return the best result.

But the previous code uses a similar approach with SLSQP, but with random perturbations. Switching to DE may help.

Another consideration is the constraint that the sum of h is fixed. In the current code, this is enforced via a constraint. For differential evolution, the constraints can be handled by using bounds and a penalty function, or by adding an equality constraint.

However, the differential_evolution function allows for bounds and a constraint. So, the code can include the constraint sum(h) = target_sum.

Alternatively, the约束 can be enforced by adjusting the objective function with a penalty term. However, the previous code uses an equality constraint, which is more precise.

Therefore, in the new code, I'll use the differential_evolution optimizer with the constraints.

But the code is limited by the time budget. So, how many generations can be run? For example, setting maxiter=50, with a population size of 20, and evaluating a few generations.

This is a trade-off between exploration and computation time.

Another thing: the differential evolution's performance depends on the bounds and the objective function. Perhaps the initial guess can be used as the initial population, but that's not standard.

Alternatively, start with the initial_h_values as the initial population.

So, the revised code would:

- Use differential evolution, starting from the initial_h_values as the initial population.
- Run for a limited number of iterations within the time budget.
- Return the best solution found.

But I need to implement this in code, making sure it fits within the constraints.

Another possible improvement: the objective function returns the maximum overlap, which is what needs to be minimized. So, during the optimization, the differential evolution will try to minimize this value.

Now, coding this.

But considering that the previous code uses SLSQP, which is gradient-based and may not explore the space as well as DE. DE could find better solutions.

Another possible change: the previous code uses multiple random perturbations and optimizes each of them. Now, DE is exploring the space in parallel, which may be more efficient.

So, the code will be modified to use the differential evolution approach.

However, the previous code has an initial guess and an even guess. The new code will start from the initial_h_values and use DE.

But the code is advanced, and the user may not have enough time to code this. However, given the time constraints, it's worth trying.

In code:

Import the necessary modules, define the objective function, and use differential_evolution.

But, the previous code has already imported numpy and scipy.optimize as optimize. So, in the new code, I can use optimize.differential_evolution.

So, the code would look something like this:

def run(...):
    ...
    bounds = ...
    def objective(h_values):
        ...
    result = optimize.differential_evolution(objective, bounds, ...)

But there's also the constraint that sum(h_values) == target_sum. So, how to handle this.

The differential_evolution function allows for bounds, and the equality constraint can be added via the constraints argument. However, the constraints are handled using the method of penalties. Alternatively, we can include a constraint in the optimization.

Alternatively, the sum constraint can be handled by adjusting the objective function with a penalty term. For example, adding a large penalty if the sum is not equal to target_sum. However, this may not be as efficient.

In the previous code, the constraint is added as an equality constraint to the SLSQP optimizer. For differential evolution, the constraints can be included as a penalty in the objective function.

But for this problem, the sum of h_values must be exactly target_sum, which is n_points / 2. So, during the optimization, h_values are constrained to have this sum. To achieve this, we can add a penalty to the objective function when the sum is not met.

But the differential evolution may still explore the space with different sums, which could be better or worse. We need to penalize the objective when the sum is not correct.

So, the modified objective function would be:

def objective(h_values):
    h = np.array(h_values)
    # compute the overlap
    corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    max_overlap = np.max(corr) * dx
    # penalty for sum not correct
    penalty = 1e6 * np.abs(np.sum(h) * dx - 1)
    return max_overlap + penalty

This way, any h values that don't satisfy the sum constraint are heavily penalized, encouraging the optimizer to find the correct sum. However, this might be too harsh, causing the optimizer to focus only on the sum constraint. Alternatively, the penalty can be adjusted to a smaller value.

But in practice, the differential evolution is already handling the bounds, which ensures that h[i] is in [0, 1], and the penalty ensures the sum is approximately correct.

Another option is to use the constraints argument in differential_evolution, but it's a bit more complex. The constraints can be specified as a list of dictionaries, but it's not clear how to handle the equality constraint here. So, adding the penalty is a simpler approach.

Thus, the code would use differential evolution with an objective function incorporating the penalty for sum constraint.

But the 'n_points' is fixed as the length of initial_h_values, which is provided. So, the code would define the bounds, and the objective function with the penalty.

Once the differential evolution is run, the best solution is returned.

This approach may lead to better results than the previous SLSQP-based method.

Another possible improvement: running the differential evolution for a limited number of generations within the time budget. For example, maxiter=50 or similar, with a population size of 20. This would allow exploration of the search space while staying within time limits.

Implementing this in code, and then returning the best solution.

In code:

import scipy.optimize as optimize

def run(...):
    ...
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        max_overlap = np.max(corr) * dx
        penalty = 1e5 * np.abs(np.sum(h) * dx - 1)
        return max_overlap + penalty

    result = optimize.differential_evolution(
        objective,
        bounds,
        strategy='best1bin',
        maxiter=50,
        popsize=20,
        mutation=(0.5, 1),
        recombination=0.9,
        tol=1e-8,
        polish=True,
        disp=False
    )

    best_h = result.x
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

But this code may not be sufficient. The differential evolution may not find the best solution in the given time, especially with 45 variables. However, it's worth trying.

Another thing to consider is the previous code uses the initial_h_values, which might be a better starting point than the differential evolution's default population. So, adding an initial population based on initial_h_values.

But the differential evolution doesn't allow a direct initial population, but it's possible to include it as a starting point for the optimizer. Alternatively, run the differential evolution with a starting point derived from the initial_h_values.

But this is complex. However, the code for differential evolution does not accept an initial population, so starting from the initial_h_values may not be possible. So, in this case, the differential evolution starts from random points in the bounds.

Another possible change is to use a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution: use DE for global exploration and then use SLSQP for local optimization. But this may be complex to implement in time.

Given the time, I'll proceed with using differential evolution with the penalty for the sum constraint.

Another thing to note is that the previous code's even_initial_guess may help in the optimization. However, the differential evolution may not need it if it can explore the space effectively.

In conclusion, the revised code will use differential evolution with a penalty for the sum constraint, aiming to find a better solution within the time budget.

But the user's previous code achieved C₅ = 0.381152. The target is 0.380876, which is very close. To improve further, the differential evolution may find a better solution.

Testing this approach should be the next step. However, due to time constraints, I need to code it as efficiently as possible.

Finally, the code should be written with the required structure, using the pre-imported functions, and returning the best solution within the time limit.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        max_overlap = np.max(corr) * dx
        penalty = 1e5 * np.abs(np.sum(h) * dx - 1)
        return max_overlap + penalty
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    result = optimize.differential_evolution(
        objective,
        bounds,
        strategy='best1bin',
        maxiter=50,
        popsize=20,
        mutation=(0.5, 1),
        recombination=0.9,
        tol=1e-8,
        polish=True,
        disp=False
    )
    
    best_h = result.x
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    elapsed = time.time() - start_time
    if elapsed > budget_s:
        # Fallback to initial guess if time runs out
        best_h = initial_guess
        best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```