<think>
Alright, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and my goal is to get even lower, like 0.380876. The previous approach used a local search with perturbations and SLSQP optimization. But maybe I can do better by changing the method or improving the algorithm.

First, I should consider why the previous method might not have found the optimal solution. It uses a fixed number of iterations (40) with perturbations that decrease over time. But maybe a different optimization approach could work better. Perhaps using a genetic algorithm or a more global search strategy would help avoid local optima. However, given the time constraints, maybe a better local optimization with smarter parameter choices would be more effective.

Another thought: the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the convolution of h and 1-h. Maybe there's a way to model this as a convex optimization problem or use some mathematical structure to guide the search.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. But maybe using a different method like differential evolution could be better for finding global minima. However, with the tight time budget, differential evolution might be too slow. Alternatively, I can try to improve the existing approach by making more efficient perturbations or using better initial guesses.

Another idea: instead of starting from the initial guess, maybe generate multiple initial points with different patterns. For example, using a structured pattern like a sine wave or periodic function with different frequencies. But since the problem requires h(x) to integrate to 1 over [0,2], the average value of h is 0.5. So maybe a piecewise constant function that alternates between high and low values.

Wait, the previous code uses the initial_h_values. If that's a known good starting point, then maybe I can try to refine it with more sophisticated optimization.

Looking at the constraints, the integral of h is fixed. So the problem is constrained optimization. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the convolution. The previous approach uses local search with perturbations, which might get stuck in local minima.

Alternatively, maybe using a quadratic programming approach with some approximations. But given the high dimensionality (n_points up to 1k or so), that might not be feasible.

Wait, but the user wants to keep n_points small, under 1k. The previous code uses n=45, which is manageable. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a better approximation, but that might take more time. However, the previous code with 45 points achieved a bound of 0.381156, so maybe aiming for a slightly higher n_points could help, but I need to check.

Another approach is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a metaheuristic like simulated annealing. But again, with time constraints, perhaps adjusting the parameters of the existing method would be better.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a different space. For instance, since the integral of h is fixed, maybe using Lagrange multipliers to incorporate the constraint into the objective function. But this might not be straightforward due to the max function.

Wait, the overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts k. So the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This seems challenging due to the max operation. Perhaps discretizing the problem more effectively could help. For example, sampling k at different intervals, but the current code uses the full convolution, which might include all k.

Wait, the evaluation uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the convolution result for all possible shifts. The maximum of these values is what's being minimized. So the code is correct in that aspect.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the solution each time, maybe use a more targeted approach. For example, identifying regions where the overlap is high and making adjustments there. But how to implement that in code?

Alternatively, maybe using a gradient-based optimization. However, the max function makes the objective non-differentiable, which complicates gradients. But perhaps using subgradients or smoothing the max function could help. However, implementing this might be complex.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe increasing the number of iterations, or adjusting the tolerance parameters? But with time constraints, maybe not.

Alternatively, trying to use a different initial guess. The initial_h_values might be a local minimum, so starting from a different pattern could lead to a better solution. For example, using a more regular structure that spreads out the 1s and 0s more evenly.

Another approach: the optimal h should have a certain symmetry or periodicity. For instance, if we partition the interval [0,2] into equal segments and assign h(x) to alternate between 1 and 0. But that might not satisfy the integral condition. For example, if n_points is even, then alternating 1 and 0 would sum to n/2, which meets the constraint. However, the overlap integral might be high because for any shift, there would be significant overlap.

But maybe using a more sophisticated pattern, like using multiple alternating segments. For example, using a piecewise function with multiple levels of 0.5, 0, 1, etc., arranged in a way that minimizes overlap.

Alternatively, using a function that has high values in one region and low in another, but with some overlap. But how to model that?

Wait, perhaps considering the problem as a covering problem. The goal is to place the 1s in h such that when shifted, the overlap with the 0s is minimized. So, placing the 1s in regions where shifting them would not cause them to overlap much with the 0s.

Another idea: use a symmetry-based approach. For example, if h is symmetric around 1, then the overlap for k and 2 -k would be similar. But I'm not sure how to exploit this.

Alternatively, considering the optimal h as being composed of several segments with varying heights. For example, using a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, but with varying widths.

But how to translate this into code? Maybe using an initial guess based on a regular sampling of the interval with varying values.

Another thought: since the integral is fixed, the problem is about balancing the number of 1s and 0s. Maybe using a more uniform distribution of 1s and 0s, but that might not be optimal. For example, if the 1s are spread out as much as possible, their shifts would have less overlap.

Wait, the current initial_h_values is provided. Maybe I can try to refine that using a better optimization approach. For example, instead of using perturbations and SLSQP, use a different optimizer like COBYLA or a more efficient method. Or, use a combination of local search and global search strategies.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm. Each individual is a vector h, and the fitness is the C5 value (lower is better). Selection, crossover, and mutation can be applied to evolve better solutions. However, with the time constraint, this might be too slow unless implemented efficiently.

But given that the user wants to keep n_points small, perhaps a genetic algorithm with a population size of 50-100 could be manageable. However, implementing this would require more code.

But the previous code uses a more straightforward approach. Maybe I can adjust the parameters of the existing SLSQP optimization to get better results. For example, increasing the number of iterations, or using a better initial guess.

Another idea: the perturbations added in the previous code are Gaussian with decreasing variance. Maybe trying different noise patterns or using different perturbation strategies, like random swapping of values or local optimization.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model to approximate the objective function and guide the search. But this would complicate the code.

Alternatively, trying to find a closed-form solution or mathematical structure that minimizes the overlap. For example, using a periodic function with specific properties. But I'm not sure.

Wait, the problem is similar to designing a function that minimizes the maximum overlap with its shifted version. This might relate to the concept of a "minimum overlap" or "least correlation" between a function and its shifts. Perhaps there's existing literature or methods for this.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a quadratic optimization problem. Let's think: the overlap integral for a specific shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Expanding this, we get ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. The first term is constant, and the second term is the cross-correlation. So minimizing the maximum over k of (C - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx), where C is 1.

But the constraint is that ∫ h(x) dx = 1. So the problem becomes minimizing the maximum of the cross-correlation terms. But this might not directly help with the optimization.

Another approach is to model this as a convex optimization problem. However, the max function makes it non-convex. Maybe using a convex relaxation, but I'm not sure how.

Back to the code: the previous approach has some parameters that could be adjusted. For example, the number of perturbation steps (40), the noise scale, and the optimization method. Maybe increasing the number of steps or using a different perturbation strategy.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations. Maybe using a decreasing step size for perturbations and alternating optimization steps could be better.

Alternatively, instead of perturbing and then optimizing, maybe using a more targeted approach, like gradient descent with constraints, but dealing with the non-differentiability of the max function.

But given the time constraints and the need for code, perhaps sticking with a local search method but improving the parameters.

Wait, let's think about the objective function. The overlap integral is the maximum over k. So during optimization, perhaps the algorithm could focus on reducing the maximum value by identifying the worst offenders. For example, during each iteration, find the k with the highest overlap and adjust the function to reduce that particular overlap.

But how to implement this? It would require calculating the overlap for all k each time, which the previous code already does.

Another idea: using a more efficient optimization method with better convergence. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method instead of SLSQP, but with the constraint enforced via the sum of h being fixed.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with bounds and constraints. Maybe using a different optimization method or adjusting the parameters like ftol and eps could lead to better convergence.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach where multiple initial guesses are tried. For example, generating several starting points from the initial_h_values and other patterns and running the optimization from each.

But again, given the time, how to implement this efficiently.

Also, the code could be modified to run multiple optimizations in parallel, but with only one CPU available, that's not feasible.

Another idea: trying to use a different starting point. If the initial_h_values is a local minimum, maybe generating a different starting pattern, such as a sparser distribution of 1s and 0s, could lead to a better solution.

For example, instead of a periodic pattern, using a pattern where the 1s are spaced out more. This would reduce the overlap when shifted. But how to generate such a pattern?

Perhaps using a random starting point but ensuring the sum is correct. For example, randomly selecting positions to set h to 1 or 0, then adjusting to meet the sum constraint. But this might not be efficient.

Alternatively, using a structured pattern. For instance, if n_points is even, split the interval into two equal parts and set h to 1 in one half and 0 in the other. But this would have a high overlap when shifted by half the interval. However, this is a simple case, so maybe not optimal.

Another possible approach is to use a more skewed distribution of h. For example, having more 1s in certain regions and fewer in others, creating a pattern that when shifted, overlaps less with the 0s.

But without knowing the optimal pattern, it's hard to say. So, perhaps the best approach is to improve the existing code by making more efficient use of the optimization steps.

Let me consider the previous code's parameters. It runs 40 iterations, each with a perturbation of random noise scaled by 0.015 * (1 - _ / 40). This decreases the noise over time. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the noise scale could help.

Also, the optimization uses SLSQP with a maxiter of 200 per iteration. Maybe increasing the maxiter could allow better convergence, but this would take more time. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, so perhaps limiting the total number of iterations.

Another idea: using a different perturbation strategy. Instead of adding noise, maybe swapping some values between 1 and 0 or adjusting them in a more targeted way based on the current overlap.

But this would require additional logic in the code.

Alternatively, using a two-phase optimization: first a global search to find a good initial guess, then a local search to refine it. The global search could use a different method like random sampling, and the local search uses SLSQP with constraints.

But how to implement this within the given time?

Perhaps combining the existing approach with a more efficient global search. For example, using a small number of random initial guesses and optimizing each, then selecting the best result.

But again, time is limited.

Another point: the previous code's evaluation uses the full convolution, which might be computationally expensive. However, for small n_points, it's manageable. Maybe optimizing the objective function computation could help, but in Python, this is probably already optimized enough.

In conclusion, the key steps for improvement are:

1. Try different initial guesses, possibly generating multiple variations to avoid local optima.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization method, such as increasing the number of iterations, changing the perturbation strategy, or using different optimization techniques.
3. Possibly combining local and global search strategies.
4. Exploring different mathematical structures for h(x) to guide the search.

Given the code constraints, I'll proceed to implement an improved version of the existing approach. I'll increase the number of iterations, adjust the noise scale, and perhaps add more perturbation methods. Also, I'll try a different initial guess by generating a more evenly spaced pattern.

Another idea: the initial_h_values could be a certain pattern. If it's not the optimal, generating a different pattern could help. For example, if the initial_h_values is a periodic pattern with some symmetry, perhaps generating a pattern with different spacing or frequencies.

Alternatively, using a sinusoidal-like function, but since h must be piecewise constant, perhaps generating a pattern that resembles a sinusoidal with different amplitudes.

But generating such patterns algorithmically would require some code.

For example, to create a pattern with high and low values in a regular way, perhaps using a cosine function scaled to the interval [0,2], then discretizing it. However, I need to ensure the sum is correct.

But how to discretize it and ensure the sum is n_points / 2. Let's think.

If I create a function f(x) = 0.5 + 0.5 * cos(π * x), then integrating over [0,2] gives 1 (since the integral of cos(π*x) over 0 to 2 is zero, so the average is 0.5, and multiplied by 2 gives 1). So this function integrates to 1. But it's continuous, but we need a piecewise constant function. So, perhaps sampling this function at n_points points and using the sampled values as h. However, this would give a smooth function, but the problem allows any function in [0,1], so this could be a good starting point.

But the initial_h_values is already provided, so I can use that as a starting point. Alternatively, I could generate a different initial pattern based on this idea.

But how to implement this in code without long literals? For example, generate a vector where each value is 0.5 + 0.5 * cos(π * x_i), where x_i is i * dx. However, this would be continuous, and then we can discretize it.

But the problem is that the function needs to be piecewise constant, but if we just sample it, it's already piecewise constant (with step size dx). So for the initial guess, I could generate a different pattern by using a function like this. However, the user's initial_h_values is provided, and the code is expected to use that. So perhaps modifying the initial guess could help.

Alternatively, perhaps using a combination of the initial guess and the generated pattern to create a new starting point.

But given that the user's previous program starts from the initial_h_values, maybe generating a different starting pattern could help. Let's think about generating a new initial guess based on a more even distribution of 1s and 0s.

For example, if n_points is even, we can alternate between 1 and 0, ensuring the sum is correct. But for n_points = 45, which is odd, this would require adjusting the last value. Let's see: for n_points = 45, the total sum needs to be 45/2 = 22.5. So if we have 22 1s and 23 0s, the sum would be 22, which is less than 22.5. So perhaps a pattern where some positions are 1, some are 0.5, and others are 0 to reach the exact sum.

But generating such a pattern algorithmically would involve calculating the required number of 1s, 0s, and 0.5s. For example, for n_points even, can have half 1s and half 0s. For odd n_points, one more 0 than 1 or vice versa.

But this would be a very structured pattern, which might not be optimal. However, it could serve as a better starting point than the initial_h_values.

But without knowing the initial_h_values, I can't say. The code must use the initial_h_values if available.

In conclusion, to improve the previous code:

- Increase the number of iterations.
- Adjust the perturbation strategy, perhaps using different scales or methods.
- Use different optimization methods or parameter settings.
- Maybe use a more structured starting guess.

So, modifying the code:

- Increase the number of iterations to, say, 100.
- Adjust the noise_scale to start larger and decrease more slowly.
- Use a different optimization method, perhaps with better tolerance settings.

Also, perhaps using the L-BFGS-B method instead of SLSQP, which is better for bounded problems.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method with stricter tolerances.

I think the key is to make the local search more effective by adjusting the parameters and increasing the number of trials.

So, here's the plan:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Perform a more extensive local search, increasing the number of iterations and adjusting the perturbation parameters.
- Use a different optimizer, perhaps with different settings.
- Return the best solution found within the budget.

The code would then look something like this, adjusting the parameters and increasing the number of iterations.

Also, trying to use a different initial guess by generating a more evenly spaced pattern could help.

But given the time constraints and the requirement to keep code concise, I'll proceed to adjust the previous code's parameters to improve the result.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    for _ in range(60):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        noise_scale = 0.025 * (1 - _ / 60)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```