<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find a better upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and we need to get it lower, ideally around 0.380876.

So, the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The function h is a step function over [0,2], and we need to minimize the maximum value of the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x+k)) dx for different shifts k. The constraints are that the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1, and h(x) is between 0 and 1.

The previous code uses a perturbation approach with SLSQP optimization starting from an initial guess. It does a few iterations with random noise added to the best guess so far. But maybe there's a better way to approach this.

First, I should think about the structure of the problem. The overlap integral is essentially measuring how much h(x) and its shifted version 1 - h(x+k) overlap. To minimize the maximum overlap, h should be designed to avoid overlapping with its shifted versions as much as possible. 

Since the current best is achieved with a certain pattern, maybe there's a way to improve upon that. The previous code uses a starting point from initial_h_values, which has 45 samples. Maybe trying different initial points could help. Also, the SLSQP method might be getting stuck in local optima. Perhaps a different optimization approach, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, could explore more of the solution space.

But given the time constraints (100 seconds), using optimization methods that are computationally heavy might not be feasible. So maybe a better approach is needed. Let's think about the problem structure again.

The integral is over the interval [0,2], and h is a step function. The overlap for different shifts k could be considered. Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps a way to structure h would be to have regions where h is 1 and 0 in a pattern that avoids overlapping with shifted versions.

One idea is to distribute the ones in h as evenly as possible. For example, if h is 1 for intervals of length 1/5, then when shifted by 1/5, the overlap might be minimized. Wait, but the exact structure isn't clear. Maybe there's a known construction for the Erdős problem that can be adapted here.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a minimax problem, perhaps using a grid-based approach. For instance, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and assigning h(x) to be 1 or 0 in a way that balances the overlaps. But how to model this?

Another approach is to consider that the maximum overlap integral is over all k. Since the integral is over x, and for each k, we need to compute the integral. The maximum over all k. To minimize this maximum, the function h should be designed such that for any shift, the overlap is as small as possible.

Given that the integral of h(x) is 1, the average value of h(x) is 0.5. So the function is kind of balanced between 0 and 1.

Let me think about the previous code. It starts with the initial_h_values and does a series of perturbations. Maybe the initial guess isn't good enough. Alternatively, maybe the optimization can be done more effectively by using a different method, such as using a coordinate descent approach or a more efficient optimization like BFGS with constraints.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the parameters (like ftol, etc.) could help. But the code already runs for 40 iterations, each with a perturbation. Alternatively, maybe a different starting point would yield a better result.

But the problem states that we can use other starting points. So, perhaps generating a different initial guess, like a periodic pattern or some other structured function, could lead to a better solution.

Another idea is that the overlap integral for a shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Let's change variables for the integral. Let y = x + k. Then the integral becomes ∫ h(y - k)(1 - h(y)) dy. So, the overlap for shift k is the same as the overlap for shift -k. Therefore, the maximum is over all k in some interval, but perhaps considering k in [0, 2], since the function is periodic or symmetric in some way.

But how does that help? Maybe we can model this as a convolution or use Fourier analysis. However, given the complexity, that's not straightforward.

Another idea is to consider that the overlap integral for shift k is equal to ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since the total integral of h(x) is 1, then the first term is 1. So the overlap integral becomes 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum of this expression is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. So, perhaps the problem can be transformed into maximizing the minimum over k of that integral.

But this might not directly help in optimization, unless there's a way to use that structure.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be cast as a quadratic optimization problem, but with a large number of variables. However, with n_points of perhaps 100, the number of variables could be manageable.

But given the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to refine the existing code. For example, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method, or using a different initial guess.

Wait, the previous code uses a starting point from initial_h_values. But if the initial construction isn't good, maybe generating a different initial guess could lead to better results. How can we generate a good initial guess?

One possible approach is to use a periodic pattern. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into 5 equal parts (since the problem is related to C₅, which is the fifth Erdős constant), and setting h(x) to 1 in certain parts. Let's say, for example, a pattern that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that balances the overlaps.

Alternatively, perhaps using a greedy approach. Start by setting some points to 1 and others to 0, ensuring that the integral is 1, and then iteratively adjust to minimize the maximum overlap.

Another idea is to use a relaxation of the problem. For example, allowing h to take values between 0 and 1, and then solving the optimization problem with some regularizers. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, perhaps using a grid search over possible h patterns with certain symmetries. For example, considering that the optimal h could be symmetric around 1.0 or other points, allowing the code to generate such patterns.

But given that the user wants the code to be concise and efficient, perhaps the best way is to tweak the previous code.

Let me think about the previous code's approach. It uses SLSQP with constraints, and adds noise to the current best guess. The current code's best result is around 0.381156, and the goal is to get to 0.380876. The difference is about 0.0003. So, even a small improvement could be significant.

Possible improvements:

1. Increase the number of iterations or adjust the perturbation parameters. For example, varying the noise scale, or using different methods for perturbation.

2. Use a different optimization method, such as Nelder-Mead or another algorithm that might better handle the constraints.

3. Use a different initial guess. For example, generating an initial guess with more structured patterns, like dividing the interval into equal parts and setting h to 1 for some intervals.

4. Use a more efficient way to calculate the overlap integral, possibly by precomputing the necessary terms.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral is a max over correlations, maybe we can find a way to directly minimize that max, perhaps using a different formulation.

Wait, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the cross-correlation. The maximum of that is the C5 value. But for each shift k, the integral is computed. However, the code uses a discretization of h, so the max is over the integer shifts in the discrete grid.

Wait, the problem is to find the step function h, which is represented by samples over [0,2], and the evaluation uses the full correlation, which gives the integral for each shift. However, in the code, the correlation is computed with the discrete samples and then multiplied by dx. So the code's evaluation is correct.

Another point: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (40), with perturbation and optimization each time. Maybe instead of doing 40 iterations, we can vary the parameters more dynamically. For example, using a larger initial perturbation and reducing it over time, or using a different method to generate the perturbed guesses.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method could be beneficial. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method. If the function is too noisy or has many local minima, a derivative-free method like differential evolution could find a better solution.

But differential evolution (DE) is more suited for problems with a lot of local minima. However, given the time constraints, maybe it's worth trying.

Another approach is to use a genetic algorithm. However, with the time limit, this might be too slow. Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method.

Wait, the user is allowed to use scipy, so perhaps using optimization with different methods. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP, but perhaps using L-BFGS-B with bounds. Or maybe using a different method like COBYLA.

But I need to think about how to make this code more efficient. Let's think about possible changes:

- Instead of adding random noise to the current guess, perhaps use a more structured perturbation. For example, randomly flipping some of the samples between 0 and 1, or adjusting a subset of them.

- Using a different number of samples. The previous example uses n_points=45. Maybe increasing the number of samples could lead to better results, but with more computation time. However, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred, as they are faster. So perhaps keeping the same n_points is better.

Another idea: perhaps the current initial guess is not optimal. If we can generate a better initial guess, that could help. For instance, creating a pattern that evenly distributes the ones in h.

For example, if the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], then the area under h is 1. If we have n_points samples, each value contributes to the sum. So sum(h) = n_points / 2.

Suppose we create an initial guess where h alternates between 1 and 0, but in such a way that the average is 0.5. However, with even spacing, that's a way to distribute the 1s and 0s. For example, if n_points is even, and we set h[i] = 1 for the first half and 0 for the second. But that would have a maximum overlap of 0.5, which is worse than the current best. So that approach isn't helpful.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more complex pattern, like a triangular wave or a sine wave. However, since h is a step function, that's not directly applicable.

Another idea is to use a pattern where h has several regions of 1s, each separated by a certain distance to minimize overlapping. For example, if we divide the interval into 5 equal parts, each of length 0.4, and have h(x) be 1 in two of these parts and 0 in the other three. But how to choose which parts?

Alternatively, using a random initial guess. For example, generating a random h where the sum is n_points / 2. This could be done by generating a random array of 0s and 1s, then adjusting to meet the sum constraint. But that might not be efficient.

But the user's previous code starts with an initial guess and perturbs it. So maybe using the initial_h_values is a good start, but perhaps generating different initial patterns could help.

So, back to the code. Let's think about modifying the previous code. What if instead of adding Gaussian noise, we take the current best guess and apply a small random perturbation to some of the points? For example, selecting a subset of points to flip their values, ensuring that the sum remains the same.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which is a derivative-free optimization algorithm. Let's try to adjust the code to use a different method.

Another idea is to use a larger number of iterations, but with smaller steps. The current code runs for 40 iterations. If we increase that, perhaps with a decreasing noise scale, leading to more refined optimization.

Wait, the previous code's noise_scale is 0.015 * (1 - _ / 40), so as the iteration count increases, the noise scale decreases. That's a good approach, as it allows for larger changes initially and finer adjustments later.

But perhaps the optimization parameters could be tuned further. For example, increasing the maximum number of iterations, or adjusting the ftol and eps parameters.

Another thing to consider is that the objective function might be expensive to evaluate. For each call to optimize.minimize, the objective function is computed, which involves the correlation. However, since the correlation is a convolution-like operation, it's O(n^2) in time for each evaluation. With n_points=45, that's manageable. But for larger n_points, it could be slow.

But in the code, the initial_h_values has 45 samples. Let's think about the time. The code runs for 40 iterations, each with an optimization that may take a few hundred steps. Each objective evaluation is O(n^2), which for 45 is acceptable.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to calculate the overlap. For example, precomputing the necessary values or using a different approach to compute the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to represent the problem. For example, using a quadratic programming approach to minimize the maximum overlap integral. However, that might be complex.

Another idea: since the overlap integral for each shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx, which can be represented as a quadratic form. If we can express this in terms of the elements of h, then the problem becomes a constrained optimization where we minimize the maximum of several quadratic expressions. However, this would be a non-convex problem and hard to solve directly.

Alternatively, using a relaxation technique. For example, using the fact that the maximum of several functions can be minimized by using a convex relaxation. But again, this is getting into complex optimization territory.

Another angle: the problem is similar to designing a function that has low mutual overlap with its shifted versions. This is related to the concept of "mutual coherence" in signal processing. Maybe there are known patterns or constructions from that field that could be adapted here.

For example, using a set of points that are spaced in such a way that their shifted versions don't overlap much. This could be achieved by placing the 1s in h in a way that they are spread out over the interval. For example, a uniform distribution of 1s and 0s.

But again, how to translate that into code. Maybe generating an initial guess using a uniform distribution of 1s and 0s with the correct sum.

For example, for n_points=45, the sum is 45/2 = 22.5. So we need to select 22 or 23 points to be 1, and the rest 0. This can be done by randomly selecting 22.5 points and rounding. But perhaps the initial_h_values uses a more structured pattern, so generating a different initial guess might help.

So, perhaps modifying the code to generate a different initial guess. For example, setting h[i] = 1 for i in a certain pattern. For instance, spreading the ones as evenly as possible.

In the previous code, the initial guess is fixed as initial_h_values. If that's not optimal, perhaps generating a different initial guess could lead to better results. So, what's the initial_h_values? Since it's provided by the system, we can't know its structure, but the user says that initial_h_values is provided. So we can use that as a starting point or generate a different one.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess that has a more balanced distribution. For example, creating a pattern where each 1 is spaced 2 / 10 apart (since 10 data points would give that). But this is speculative.

Another thought: the previous code's evaluation of C5 uses the full correlation, which for each shift k, computes the integral. However, in a discretized form, the maximum value of the full correlation corresponds to the maximum overlap. So, to minimize the maximum overlap, the code is effectively minimizing the maximum of these cross-correlation values.

Now, considering that, perhaps the problem is similar to finding a signal h that minimizes the maximum cross-correlation with its inverse, but with certain constraints.

Another approach is to look for existing research or known optimal constructions for the Erdős constant. For example, the Erdos problem is about the minimal maximum overlap, and there are known constructions for it. However, without access to that, I need to proceed with the code.

Alternatively, since the previous code uses SLSQP and perturbation, perhaps the main improvement is to enable more iterations or use a better optimization method.

Let me consider modifying the previous code by using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a derivative-based method with bounds. This might converge faster or find better optima.

Another idea: using a larger number of iterations. The previous code runs 40 iterations. If we increase that, perhaps with smaller perturbations, it could refine the solution further. But with the time budget of 100 seconds, we need to ensure the code doesn't take too long.

Wait, the user's code runs with the initial_h_values. If that's a specific construction (like a periodic pattern), then perhaps the initial guess is already good. However, if the initial guess is not optimal, generating a different one could help. For example, generating a uniform random initial guess with the correct sum.

But the code's initial setup is to use initial_h_values. So unless the user provides a different starting point, we have to use that. So perhaps the initial guess is already good, and the code's current approach is the best possible.

Alternatively, trying different initial guesses. For example, generating a few different starting points and choosing the best one. However, with the time constraints, that might not be feasible.

Alternatively, considering that the current code's best result is around 0.381, and the target is 0.3808, perhaps there is a way to improve the optimization parameters. For example, adjusting the ftol or eps parameters to get more accurate solutions.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to calculate the objective function. For example, precomputing the shifted versions of h and calculating the integrals more efficiently. However, the current code uses np.correlate, which is already efficient.

Wait, the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum of this, multiplied by dx, is the C5 value. However, the full correlation for a length n_points array would return a result of length 2*n_points - 1. The maximum of this corresponds to the maximum overlap for shifts from - (n_points -1) to n_points -1. However, in our problem, the shifts are over real numbers, but in the discretized case, the maximum may be found in some of those shifts.

But for the code, the maximum value of the full correlation is the right one to consider.

Another idea: perhaps the code is missing some shifts. For example, the maximum overlap could occur at k values that correspond to shifts that are not in the full correlation. Wait, no, the full correlation includes all possible shifts. However, since the original integral is over real numbers k, but the discretization only samples at specific points. So the maximum in the discretized case might not be the same as the real maximum, but for the problem's purposes, it's approximated by this.

Another possible issue: the code uses the discrete samples to compute the correlation, which might lead to inaccuracies. For example, if the function h has a structure that causes overlaps at particular shifts not captured by the discrete grid. However, with enough samples, this should be negligible.

So, to improve the code, perhaps the best way is to fine-tune the optimization settings.

Let me consider modifying the code's optimization steps. For example, increasing the number of iterations, or using different optimization methods.

In the previous code, the optimization method is 'SLSQP', with constraints. The optimization runs for 200 iterations per step. Perhaps increasing the maxiter or adjusting the tolerance could help. Also, using a different method like 'L-BFGS-B' might give better results.

Another possible improvement is to use a genetic algorithm. However, implementing that within the time constraints might be challenging. Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization algorithm.

Let me try modifying the code to use the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a derivative-based method with bounds. Let's adjust the code accordingly.

Also, perhaps using a different initial guess. If the initial guess is not optimal, generating a different one could help. For example, generating a random initial guess with the correct sum.

But since the initial_h_values is provided, and the code is supposed to use it, perhaps we should use that. However, perhaps there's a way to generate a better initial guess.

Alternatively, generating a few different initial guesses and choosing the best one. For example, generating a random initial guess with the required sum and using it as the starting point.

But how to generate a random initial guess. For example, create an array of 0s and 1s, with sum equal to n_points / 2. However, since n_points may be odd, perhaps we need to have sum(h) = floor(n_points/2) or ceil, but the constraint is sum(h) = n_points/2 exactly. So, for even n_points, it's straightforward. For odd, it's not possible, so perhaps using floating points. But the code uses float values for h.

Wait, the constraint is sum(h) * dx = 1. So sum(h) is exactly n_points / 2. So for any n_points, sum(h) should be exactly that. So in the code, the initial_h_values has sum(h) * dx = 1. So the code must ensure that sum(h) is exactly n_points / 2.

Thus, generating a good initial guess could be done by randomly selecting h[i] values between 0 and 1, ensuring that the sum is correct. However, this is a bit complex. Alternatively, generating a random array of zeros and ones, then adjusting one value to meet the sum requirement.

For example, for n_points samples, generate a random array with 0.5 * n_points of 1s and 0.5 * n_points of 0s. If n_points is even, that's easy. If odd, we can have floor or ceil. But the sum must be exactly n_points / 2. For example, for n_points=45, sum(h) must be 22.5. So, we can create a random array with 22 ones and 23 zeros, but that would give sum 22.0. So we need to adjust. So, for the sum to be exactly 22.5, maybe set some values to 0.5. But this would make the function h not a step function anymore. Wait, the problem states that h is a step function, but the samples are just samples. So, the code allows h[i] to be any value between 0 and 1, not necessarily 0 or 1.

Ah right, the function h is a step function, but the samples can take any value between 0 and 1. So, the initial guess doesn't need to be binary. Thus, generating a random initial guess with sum(h) = n_points / 2 is straightforward.

But in the previous code, the initial guess is fixed as initial_h_values. So if that's not optimal, perhaps generating a better initial guess is needed. However, without knowing what initial_h_values is, it's risky to change it. So perhaps the initial code is using a good starting point.

So the best way to improve is to adjust the optimization process. For example, using a more accurate optimization method, like 'L-BFGS-B', which may converge faster or find better optima.

Another idea: using a more targeted perturbation. Instead of adding Gaussian noise, maybe perform a gradient-based update. However, that requires the gradient of the objective function, which is not trivial to compute.

Alternatively, the code could use a different optimization method, like the 'COBYLA' method, which is suitable for bounded problems with constraints.

So, to modify the previous code, here's what I could do:

1. Change the optimization method from 'SLSQP' to 'L-BFGS-B' or 'COBYLA'.

2. Adjust the perturbation step to be more effective. For example, instead of adding Gaussian noise to the entire array, selecting a subset of points to perturb.

3. Increase the number of iterations or adjust the parameters of the optimization method.

Let me try modifying the code to use the 'L-BFGS-B' method and see if that leads to better results.

Also, adjusting the objective function to return the maximum correlation as the value to minimize. The current code does that.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (40) with perturbations. Maybe increasing that number or varying the noise scale differently could help.

So, here's a plan for the new code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

- Perform multiple optimization steps, each time perturbing the current best guess.

- Use a more efficient optimization method like 'L-BFGS-B' or 'COBYLA'.

- Adjust the noise scale and other parameters to improve convergence.

Let me code this.

First, import necessary libraries.

Then, define the run function.

In the previous code, the initial guess is taken from initial_h_values. For the new code, let's assume that the initial_h_values is the starting point. We can keep that.

Then, for each iteration, we perturb the current best guess with noise, and optimize.

But changing the optimization method. Let's try 'L-BFGS-B' which allows box constraints and uses bounds.

Also, perhaps increasing the number of iterations, or allowing more iterations per optimization step.

But the time budget is 100 seconds. So we need to balance between the number of iterations and the time each optimization takes.

Another idea: use a different perturbation strategy. For example, instead of adding Gaussian noise, we can generate a new guess by selecting a subset of the current h and adjusting them. For example, taking 10% of the points and randomly flipping their values, then adjusting to maintain the sum constraint. This could lead to more effective exploration of the solution space.

However, this might complicate the code, and with time constraints, perhaps it's better to stick with adding noise.

In terms of code changes:

- Replace the optimization method with 'L-BFGS-B'.

- Adjust the objective function to ensure it's properly formatted.

- Change the constraints handling.

Wait, the previous code uses 'SLSQP' with a constraint on the sum. The 'L-BFGS-B' method does not support equality constraints directly, so we need to handle that.

Ah, right. The constraint is that the sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. This is an equality constraint, so for 'L-BFGS-B', we need to include a penalty term in the objective function, or use another method. Alternatively, we can modify the objective to penalize deviations from the sum constraint.

But this complicates the objective function. Another approach is to use the 'SLSQP' method, as it can handle equality constraints.

So, the previous code uses 'SLSQP', which is appropriate for the equality constraint.

So perhaps changing the optimization method to 'SLSQP' and adjusting other parameters.

Let me look at the previous code's optimization:

In the previous code, the constraints are {'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}.

So, using 'SLSQP' is appropriate.

So, perhaps the problem is in the optimization parameters or the number of iterations.

Another possible improvement: using a higher maximum number of iterations per optimize call, or a smaller tolerance.

In the previous code, the options are {'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}.

The 'ftol' parameter determines the tolerance for the function value. Making it smaller could lead to more accurate minima, but may take longer.

Alternatively, adjusting the 'eps' parameter, which is the tolerance for the variables.

But perhaps the code's previous approach is sufficient.

The key factor is the initial guess. If the initial guess is good, the code might converge to a better solution.

Another idea: perhaps the current code's perturbation strategy isn't effective. Instead of adding Gaussian noise, we can perform a local search, such as adjusting individual elements to find better local minima.

But this would require additional steps.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to perturb the guess: instead of adding noise, we can generate a new guess by slightly changing some of the parameters.

But given time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to tweak the previous code's parameters.

Another possible change: the number of iterations. The code does 40 iterations, each with a perturbation and optimization. Maybe increasing this to 50-60 could lead to better results, but it depends on the time.

But with the time budget of 100 seconds, we need to ensure that the code runs within that time.

Let me estimate: the code runs for Budget_s = 100 seconds. Let's say each iteration takes about 1 second, then 40 iterations would take about 40 seconds. So with 100 seconds, we could do more iterations.

So, modifying the code to run for more iterations, say 80, and adjust the perturbation parameters.

Another idea: using adaptive noise scaling. For example, gradually reducing the noise scale over time, which allows for larger changes initially and finer adjustments later.

The current code uses noise_scale = 0.015 * (1 - _ / 40). For example, in the first iteration, it's 0.015, and it decreases to 0.0 by iteration 40.

But perhaps adjusting the noise_scale to start higher or with a different decay rate could help.

In addition, for each optimization step, using a more accurate method. For example, increasing the maxiter to 500, and adding tighter tolerances.

But I need to make sure that the code doesn't exceed the time budget.

Putting it all together, here's how the code could be modified:

- Increase the number of iterations to 80.

- Increase the maxiter for each optimization call.

- Adjust the noise_scale to start higher.

- Use the 'SLSQP' method with tighter tolerances.

But in code terms, changing the loop from 40 iterations to say 100, and adjust the noise_scale accordingly.

But given that the previous code uses 40 iterations, and with the time budget, maybe increasing it to 80 or so.

Let me try modifying the code to do more iterations, with a smaller noise scale, and adjusting the optimization parameters.

Also, perhaps changing the initial guess to a different starting point could help, but in the absence of knowing what initial_h_values is, I'll assume it's the provided one.

Another possible change is to use a different initial guess by randomly generating one. For example, create a random initial guess with sum(h) = n_points/2.

But again, without knowing initial_h_values, it's risky. However, the problem says that initial_h_values is provided if available. So, the code should use it if available. So, the code's initial_h_values is used.

Thus, the final code would look something like this:

Import numpy and scipy.optimize.

Define the run function.

Use initial_h_values as the initial guess.

In the loop, for each iteration, perturb the best guess with noise, and optimize with SLSQP, adjusting the parameters as needed.

Let me write this code.

The code would have:

- more iterations (e.g., 80)

- noise_scale starting at 0.02, decreasing over time.

- optimization parameters with tighter tolerances.

But to keep the code concise, and within the time, I'll adjust these parameters.

Another thing: the constraint_sum function is np.sum(h_values) - target_sum. This is correct.

Thus, after considering all these possibilities, the improved code would be an enhanced version of the previous one with better parameters and more iterations.

Finally, I'll write the code accordingly, making sure to keep it within the line and character limits.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    for i in range(100):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        noise_scale = 0.02 * (1 - i / 100)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```