<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is even lower. The previous approach used a random perturbation and SLSQP optimization, but maybe there's a better way. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated using the correlation of h and 1-h. So the goal is to design a step function h that minimizes the maximum value of this integral over all shifts k.

The constraints are that h is a step function over [0, 2] with integral 1. The current initial_h_values is a 45-point sample, which might be a starting point. But maybe I can find a better starting point or adjust the optimization process.

The previous code uses a random perturbation approach, which might get stuck in local optima. Perhaps a different optimization strategy could help. Maybe using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing? But those might be too slow, especially with the time budget of 100 seconds. Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient local optimization method.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP with some perturbations. But maybe refining the perturbation strategy could help. Also, perhaps using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values might not be the best starting point. What if I try generating a different initial guess, like a more evenly spaced or optimized one?

Another thought: the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap. This resembles a covering problem. Maybe a structured approach could be better. Like, ensuring that the function h has certain properties that spread out the overlaps. For example, making h have peaks spaced in a way that when you shift it, the overlap regions are minimized.

But how to translate that into an algorithm? Maybe using a regular structure, such as placing k ones in h such that they are spread out. However, the integral constraint requires that the total area is 1. So for a function over [0,2], maybe a uniform distribution of values?

Alternatively, think of the problem as a resource allocation problem where we need to assign values in h to balance overlapping integrals. Maybe using a gradient-based method. But how to compute the gradients for the max function?

The objective function is the maximum of several integrals. The max function is non-differentiable, which complicates gradient-based methods. However, during optimization, we can track which integral is the maximum at each step and optimize that.

So, perhaps modifying the previous approach to focus on the current maximum integral during the optimization process. Instead of just minimizing the maximum, maybe during each iteration, we can identify the k that gives the highest overlap and optimize specifically for that.

But how to implement this? Let's think about the previous code. The objective is to compute the maximum of the correlation, then minimize that. Maybe in each optimization step, we can have a more directed approach based on which shift is the most problematic.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe consider that each shift k corresponds to a certain interval. For example, if we can ensure that the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) is small for all k, then that would be good. So perhaps looking for h that has a certain symmetry or pattern that minimizes these overlaps.

But how to construct that? Maybe using a periodic function? Since the domain is [0, 2], perhaps a function that's periodic with a certain period that divides 2. For example, a function that repeats every 1 unit. But the integral over [0, 2] needs to be 1, so maybe each segment of length 1 has an area of 0.5.

Alternatively, maybe a function that has a certain number of peaks. For example, if we divide the interval into regions where h is 1 or 0, but that's not flexible. Since h is a step function, maybe using a piecewise constant function with certain intervals.

But the problem allows for h to be any step function with values between 0 and 1. So maybe using a combination of intervals where h takes on different values.

Another approach: since the overlap integral is over the entire domain, maybe the worst-case shift k is when the overlap region is maximized. For example, when the shifted function 1-h(x +k) overlaps most with h(x). To minimize this, perhaps h should avoid being high where 1-h is also high. So, the function h should have low values where 1-h is high, and vice versa. Which suggests that h should have regions where it's high when 1-h is low, and vice versa. Therefore, the function h should be as "spread out" as possible.

This sounds similar to a checkerboard pattern, where h alternates between high and low values. But with the integral constraint, maybe a regular pattern of high and low regions.

But how to translate this into a step function? For example, if the domain is divided into intervals where h is 1, 0, or some other values, such that the overlapping integrals are minimized. However, the exact structure might be complex to compute.

Alternatively, perhaps using a binary function (h(x) is 0 or 1) is not ideal, since that might not satisfy the integral constraint. For example, if h is 1 for 0.5 length of the domain and 0 otherwise, the integral would be 0.5*1 = 0.5, which is less than 1. Wait, the integral needs to be 1. Oh, the domain is [0, 2], so if h is 1 for a length of 1, then the integral is 1. So if the function is 1 over some subinterval of length 1, and 0 elsewhere, then that would satisfy the constraint. But then the maximum overlap would be when the shift k places the 1s of h to overlap with the 0s of 1-h. Wait, not sure.

Let me think about a simple example. Suppose h is 1 on [0,1] and 0 on [1,2]. Then 1-h is 0 on [0,1] and 1 on [1,2]. The overlap integral for k=0 is the integral of h(x)(1-h(x)) dx = 0. For k=1, it's the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x+1)) over x in [0,2]. But h(x) is 1 on [0,1], and h(x+1) is 1 on [1,2], so 1-h(x+1) is 0 on [1,2]. So the overlap integral is 0. For other k's, perhaps similar. Wait, but this seems like the integral would be zero. But that can't be right because the maximum overlap would be zero. But this contradicts the problem's current best, which is higher. So maybe this example isn't valid.

Wait, no. Because the overlap integral is the integral over x of h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For k=0, it's the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x)) dx, which is zero. But for other k's, for example, k = -0.5. Then, h(x + k) would be h(x - 0.5). So over the entire domain, this might result in some overlap. For example, when k is such that h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0, their product would be zero. But when h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 1, the product is 1-1 = 0, but the overlap is h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) = 1 * (1 - 1) = 0. So maybe in this case, the overlap integral is zero. But that's not possible, since the integral is over x in [0, 2], and for some k, there might be overlaps. Wait, maybe my example is wrong.

Alternatively, maybe the function h(x) that is 1 on [0,1] and 0 elsewhere. Then, the overlap for k=1 is the integral from x=0 to x=1 of h(x) * (1 - h(x + 1)) dx. Since h(x+1) is 1 when x+1 is in [0,1], which is x in [-1,0], but since x ranges from 0 to 2, the integral would be from x=0 to x=1 of h(x)*... but h(x+1) is 0 for all x in [0,1], because x+1 is [1, 2]. So 1-h(x+1) is 1. So the integral becomes 1 * 1 dx from 0 to 1, which is 1. So the overlap integral for k=1 is 1. Which would be worse than the previous example.

So this suggests that a binary function with a single interval isn't good. Hence, the need for a more complex function.

Back to the original problem. The previous code uses a perturbation-based optimization with SLSQP. But maybe there's room for improvement. Perhaps using a different optimization method, like a more effective local search, or a better initialization.

Another idea: since the overlap integral depends on correlations, maybe using a Fourier analysis approach. The integral can be represented as a convolution, and perhaps there are properties of the Fourier transform that could be exploited. However, since the problem is a discrete optimization, it's unclear how to apply this.

Alternatively, maybe considering that the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to the maximum of several integrals for different shifts. Perhaps focusing on the worst-case k and optimizing accordingly.

Let me think about the code. The previous code does a perturbation-based optimization. Maybe instead of using random perturbations, use a more directed approach. For example, during each iteration, compute the current maximum overlap, then adjust the function h to reduce that specific overlap.

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm approach where we evolve a population of h functions, but that might be too slow for the given time budget.

Another thought: the problem is similar to the covering problem, where we want to cover the domain with intervals in such a way that the overlaps are minimized. Maybe a greedy approach could be used, but again, not sure.

Alternatively, using a more diverse set of initial guesses. For example, generating several different starting points and optimizing them, then selecting the best one. But the initial code uses the initial_h_values, which may not be the best. Maybe generating a different initial guess could help.

Wait, the initial_h_values may be from a previous solution. Maybe I can create a different initial guess. For example, using a uniform distribution with some variation. Let me think: if the function h is such that it's roughly 1/2 on the interval, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint. But that would give an integral of 1, since n_points is 45, and dx is 2/45, so sum(h) must be 45/2 = 22.5. Wait, no. Wait, the sum(h) * dx = 1, so sum(h) = 1/dx. dx = 2/n_points. So sum(h) = n_points/2. For 45 points, that's 22.5. So each h[i] can be a value between 0 and 1, summing to 22.5.

If I create an initial guess with h[i] = 1 for half the points and 0 for the rest, but that's not possible since the sum would be 22.5. For example, if I set half of the points to 1 and the other half to 0, that would sum to 22.5, which is correct. But this is a binary function. However, as we saw earlier, such a function may not perform well.

Alternatively, perhaps using a regular pattern. For example, setting h[i] to be 1 for certain intervals. But how to structure that.

Another idea: the optimal function h is likely to be a periodic function that distributes the "ones" in h evenly over the domain. For instance, if the domain is [0,2], maybe h is 1 for intervals of length 1/3, 1/3, 1/2, etc., arranged to minimize overlap. But this is vague.

Alternatively, think of it as a scheduling problem: you have a certain total resource (area) to distribute across the domain, and you need to spread it such that when you shift it, the overlap with 1-h is minimized.

But how to model this. Perhaps using a piecewise constant function with several levels, but again, not sure.

Let me think about the optimization process. The previous code uses a loop that runs 40 times, with noisy perturbations. But maybe instead of random perturbations, use a more systematic approach, like gradient descent with a direction that reduces the maximum overlap.

However, the max function makes the objective non-differentiable. But in practice, during optimization, we can track which peak in the correlation is the largest and optimize for that. For example, in each iteration, compute the current max and focus the optimization on reducing that particular integral.

Alternatively, maybe using a numerical gradient with a perturbation. For each step, compute the gradient of the max integral with respect to each h[i], and adjust accordingly.

But how to compute that gradient? The max function's gradient would be zero except when the current maximum is achieved by a particular shift. So if we can identify which shift contributes to the maximum overlap, then we can calculate the gradient for that specific integral and optimize it.

This suggests that during the optimization, we should focus on the shift k that currently gives the highest overlap. So, the algorithm could be:

1. For the current h, compute the correlation and find the shift k that gives the maximum overlap integral.
2. Then, optimize the h to minimize that specific integral (for that k), while maintaining the integral constraint.

But how to do this in practice? For each step, the optimization problem becomes a constrained optimization where we minimize the integral for a specific k.

This approach might lead to better convergence, as each step targets the worst-case scenario.

But integrating this into the code would require modifying the objective function. Let's see.

In the current code, the objective function is the max of all integrals. But if we can identify the specific k that gives the maximum, then we can optimize for that integral. However, this would require a way to track which k is the current maximum.

But how to compute that? Well, for each h, compute the correlation and find the maximum value, but in practice, the code already does that. So in the code, during each optimization step, we can first find the maximum integral, then use that as the objective function for the optimization.

But the problem is that when optimizing for one specific k, the other k's may also change. However, focusing on the worst-case k may lead to a better overall solution.

So perhaps modifying the code to, in each optimization iteration, compute the current maximum and focus on that specific integral. This would be a local optimization step, but could lead to better convergence.

Let me try to adjust the previous code to implement this idea.

For example, in the code, during each iteration, after perturbing the guess, compute the correlation and identify the shift k that gives the maximum value. Then, the objective function for the optimization is that specific integral. However, since the correlation is calculated for all shifts, maybe we can choose the largest one as the target.

But how to model this in the code. Let's think.

In the existing code, the objective function is the maximum of all the integrals. But if we can change the objective to minimize the specific integral that is currently the maximum, perhaps this would be more effective.

But how does this fit into the existing code structure?

Alternatively, perhaps use the same objective function (max of all integrals), but during the optimization, focus on reducing the max by adjusting the parameters. However, the previous approach with random perturbations may not be sufficient.

Another idea: use a more efficient optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP with some constraints, but maybe a different method could be better. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients and might be more robust for non-smooth functions. However, it's possible that for higher-dimensional problems, SLSQP is better.

Alternatively, try a multi-start approach with different initial guesses. But the initial guess is given, and maybe we can create a few different initial guesses and select the best.

Another thing to consider is the hyperparameters of the optimization. The previous code uses noise_scale decreasing over time. Maybe adjusting the noise_scale or the number of iterations could help.

Alternatively, instead of perturbing the current best solution, perhaps doing a more structured search, like grid search over certain parameters, but that's not feasible in the given time.

Alternatively, trying different initial guesses. For example, generating a more even distribution of h's values.

Wait, the initial_h_values may not be optimal. Perhaps generating a random initial guess that satisfies the integral constraint could lead to better results. For example, generating a vector where each h[i] is a random value between 0 and 1, then adjusting to meet the sum constraint. But how to do that.

Alternatively, use a uniform distribution, but scaled to meet the sum. For example, for each h[i], set it to a random value between 0 and 1, then scale all values so that the sum is 22.5. But this might lead to poor initial guesses.

Alternatively, create a function that has a certain structure. For example, a periodic pattern. Suppose we divide the interval [0,2] into m intervals, and set h(x) to have a certain value in each interval. This could be done algorithmically.

But perhaps this is getting too abstract. Let's think about code modifications.

In the existing code, the initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which may be a good starting point. But maybe generating a different initial guess, such as a uniform distribution, could help.

Alternatively, trying to find a better initial guess by optimizing from a random starting point. However, with limited time, it's better to start from the initial_h_values.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution has a certain symmetry. For example, the function h is symmetric around the center of the interval. If we enforce this symmetry, perhaps the optimization could converge faster.

But how to implement that. For example, if the domain is [0,2], then h(x) could be symmetric around x=1. So for each x in [0,1], h(x) = h(2 - x). This would reduce the number of variables by half.

But adding this constraint would require modifying the code's bounds and the optimization process. However, this could reduce the search space and improve efficiency.

Alternatively, if the initial guess is symmetric, but there's no guarantee that the optimal solution is symmetric. But maybe in the cases where the optimal solution is symmetric, this constraint could help.

Another thought: the current code's loop runs 40 times with decreasing noise scale. Maybe adjust the number of iterations, or the noise scale, to find a better balance between exploration and exploitation.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, like the L-BFGS-B algorithm, which allows for bounds and constraints. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is more flexible for general constraints.

Let me think about the previous code's hyperparameters. The noise_scale decreases over time, and the number of iterations per optimization is 200. Perhaps decreasing the noise_scale too quickly leads to premature convergence. Maybe adjusting the noise_scale to stay higher for more iterations.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, using a different construction. Maybe using a function that has more regular intervals. For example, having h(x) be 1 for a certain pattern of intervals that alternate between high and low values.

But how to construct that algorithmically. For example, if we divide the domain into several intervals and assign h values accordingly. Let's say we divide [0,2] into n intervals and set h to a certain value in each. For example, alternating between high and low values.

For example, suppose we divide into m intervals, and set h(x) to be 1 in some intervals and 0 in others. But ensuring that the sum is correct. However, since the domain is of length 2, and the integral is 1, each interval's contribution to the sum would be the length of the interval times the value.

But designing such intervals to minimize the overlap could be complex. For example, if the intervals are evenly spaced, maybe that's a good starting point. However, the function may not be smooth, but the problem allows for step functions.

But generating such an initial guess could be done algorithmically. For example, creating a function that is 1 for every other interval of length 1/m, with the rest being 0. However, the exact parameters might need to be adjusted.

But given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to focus on modifying the existing code.

Let me think about modifying the previous code. The existing code has a loop that runs 40 times, each time perturbing the current best solution with some noise. It then optimizes the perturbed guess using SLSQP to minimize the max integral, with constraints on the sum.

To improve this, perhaps reducing the number of iterations and increasing the noise scale, or increasing the number of iterations with different strategies.

Alternatively, trying to use more iterations but with smaller noises. But how to balance that.

Another idea: during the optimization, instead of using a single objective function (max correlation), perhaps calculate the gradient of the max correlation and use that in the optimization. However, the max function is not differentiable, so this could be challenging. However, for practical purposes, during each iteration, we can compute the gradient of the specific integral that is currently the maximum and use that as a direction to move.

But how to implement that. For example, in the code, whenever we find the maximum correlation value, we can calculate the gradient of that specific integral with respect to h, and use that in the optimization.

However, this might require some modifications to the optimization routine.

Alternatively, using the current code's objective function, but modifying the optimizer to focus on the current maximum.

Given the time, perhaps the best way is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method, or adjust the parameters to gain better results.

Another possible adjustment: increasing the number of iterations. The previous code runs 40 iterations, but with a fixed noise_scale decreasing over time. Perhaps allowing more iterations with larger noise scales.

Alternatively, using a different optimizer. For example, using COBYLA, which is similar to SLSQP but doesn't require gradients. Or using a Bayesian optimization approach.

But given the time constraints and the need to fit within the code, perhaps the best approach is to modify the noise_scale and number of iterations, or use a different initial guess.

Another idea: the current code uses a perturbation with normal distribution. Maybe using a uniform distribution instead could provide more diverse samples. Or using different types of perturbations.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated perturbation strategy, such as based on the current gradient.

But again, without gradient information, this might be difficult.

Given the time, perhaps the key improvement is to use a more effective optimization method. For example, using a multi-start approach, or using a different optimizer.

Alternatively, let's think about the initial_h_values. If the previous solution had a C5 of 0.381156, which is higher than the target of 0.380876, we need to find a better solution. Let's consider that the initial_h_values may not be the best starting point. Perhaps, instead of starting from that, we can create a different initial guess that is more structured.

For example, creating a function that has certain peaks spaced evenly. For instance, dividing the interval [0,2] into several regions where h(x) is 1 for a certain length, 0 for another, etc.

Let me think of a simple example. Suppose we divide [0,2] into M intervals of equal length. For example, M=3, each interval has length 2/3. If we set h(x) to be 1 in two of the three intervals and 0 in one, then the integral would be 2 * (2/3) *1 = 4/3 = 1.333, which is more than 1. To adjust, we could set h(x) to be 1 in one interval of length 2/3 and 0 elsewhere, which gives an integral of 2/3, but that's less than 1. So to get exactly 1, the sum must be 1. So for example, in M=3 intervals, each of length 2/3, set h(x) to be 1 in one interval and 0.5 in another interval. The integral would be (2/3)*1 + (2/3)*0.5 + (2/3)*0 = 2/3 + 1/3 = 1. This satisfies the constraint.

But how to translate this into a step function. For example, for each point in the domain, if it's in the interval where h=1, set h to 1, otherwise 0.5. But this would create a structured pattern. However, it's unclear if this pattern would minimize the overlap integral.

But how to generate such a pattern algorithmically. For example, using a regular pattern with certain intervals. Let's see.

But this is getting too abstract. Given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to modify the existing code to use a different initial guess. For example, creating a more evenly distributed initial guess. For instance, creating a function where each h[i] is a value that alternates between 0.5, 1, 0.5, etc., to create a pattern that spreads the values out.

Alternatively, generating a random initial guess that meets the sum constraint, but this might not be as effective.

Alternatively, using a function that has more structure. For example, for each point, h[i] = 1 if i is in the first half of the points, and 0 otherwise. But again, this may not be optimal.

Another idea: if the optimal solution for the Erdős problem is known to be related to a certain pattern, such as the one using a greedy algorithm or a specific construction, then implementing that construction could lead to better results.

However, since I don't have prior knowledge of the optimal construction, this approach might not be feasible.

Given the time, perhaps the best way to proceed is to modify the existing code to use a different initial guess. For example, generating a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint and see if the optimization leads to a better solution.

But how to generate a random initial guess that meets the sum constraint. For example:

- Generate a list of random values between 0 and 1.
- Compute the sum, then scale each value by (n_points/2)/sum to ensure the total sum is n_points/2.

But this might not be the best approach, but it's worth trying.

Alternatively, for the initial guess, use a sequence where the values are roughly 0.5, but with some variance. This would spread the values out and may help.

Let me think about implementing this in code. The previous code uses initial_h_values. But if we can generate a different initial guess, that might help.

So modifying the code to first generate a random initial guess if initial_h_values is not provided. But according to the rules, if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. Otherwise, generate it.

But since the initial_h_values is available, perhaps using it is the best option. However, maybe there's a way to improve on it.

Another thought: the previous code uses a random perturbation with decreasing noise scale. Perhaps the perturbation step is too small, leading to insufficient exploration. Increasing the noise scale or varying it differently could help.

For example, instead of decreasing the noise scale over time, perhaps increasing it with some randomness, allowing more exploration in later iterations. Or using multiple perturbation strategies.

But how to implement that.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method, such as the differential evolution algorithm, which is good for global optimization.

However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimization method. So switching to differential evolution might be better, but it's unclear how to integrate it with the constraints.

Let me think about the code structure. The current code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. To use differential evolution, we would need to structure the problem accordingly.

But given the time and complexity, perhaps it's better to stick with the existing method and tweak the parameters or initial guess.

Given all this, I think the best approach for the current code is to modify the initial guess and try a different optimization strategy. For example, using a different initial guess and adjusting the noise scale.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the current best guess, start from the initial guess and perform a more thorough optimization. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in the optimization step.

But the current code already runs 40 iterations with perturbation.

Alternatively, perhaps using a multi-stage optimization. For example, first doing a coarse optimization with larger perturbations, then finer adjustments.

But again, without more time, it's difficult to implement.

In conclusion, I'll proceed with modifying the existing code to use a different initial guess (like a random one meeting the constraints), and possibly adjust the optimization parameters. However, since the initial_h_values is available, perhaps using that is better, so I'll focus on tweaking the code.

Let me think about the previous code. It uses a loop for 40 iterations, with noise_scale decreasing over time. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the noise_scale to decrease more slowly.

Alternatively, adding a more systematic perturbation, such as using the gradient of the objective function for the current maximum.

But given the time, I'll modify the previous code to increase the number of iterations and adjust the noise_scale.

Here's the plan for the modified code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Increase the number of iterations in the loop to allow more exploration.
- Adjust the noise_scale to decrease more slowly, allowing for more exploration.
- Use a different optimization method, if possible.

However, I'm not sure about the best way to implement this. Given that, I'll proceed with the previous code structure but increase the iterations and adjust the noise_scale.

Wait, the previous code already has 40 iterations. Let me think about how to modify the code.

Another idea: when the perturbation is applied, instead of adding a normal distribution with a certain noise_scale, use a different distribution, like uniform, or a combination of both.

Alternatively, use a larger noise_scale in the early iterations and smaller later. But the original code already does this with noise_scale decreasing.

Another possible change is to allow more iterations for each optimization step, or increase the number of phases.

Alternatively, for each iteration, run multiple optimizations with different perturbations and choose the best result.

But without knowing the exact parameters, it's difficult to proceed.

Given the time constraints, I'll proceed to modify the existing code, perhaps increasing the number of iterations and adjusting the noise_scale. Also, changing the method to use a different optimizer, if possible.

However, given the previous code's structure, it's likely that small changes to the code can lead to better results. For example, using a larger number of iterations, or a different optimization method.

But since I'm not able to test this, I'll proceed to write the code with these hypotheses.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    max_iterations = 60
    current_iter = 0

    while current_iter < max_iterations and time.time() - start_time < budget_s:
        current_iter += 1
        noise_scale = 0.02 * (1 - current_iter / max_iterations)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```