<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. My previous code used a method with SLSQP optimization starting from initial_h_values and an alternate guess, but it only achieved 0.381153. So there's room for improvement.

First, I should think about why the previous approach didn't reach the target. Maybe it's getting stuck in local optima. The problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap integral, which is a bit tricky because it's a maximization over a correlation. So the function to minimize is the maximum value of the cross-correlation between h and (1-h) over various shifts.

The current approach uses a perturbation-based optimization with SLSQP. But perhaps that's not sufficient. I need a more effective optimization strategy. Maybe using different initial guesses, better optimization algorithms, or different ways to structure the problem.

Another thought: the original problem has a constraint on the integral of h(x) being 1 over [0,2]. The initial_h_values might not be optimal. Maybe starting with a different initial guess could help. For example, using a periodic pattern or some other structure that's known to be good for similar problems.

Also, the number of samples (n_points) might be a factor. The previous code used n_points=45. Maybe using a smaller n_points could allow faster convergence, but the user said that shorter sequences are preferred. Wait, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe trying with a different n_points, perhaps even a higher one, could be better. But the initial_h_values have a specific n_points. However, the problem says that when initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So maybe I need to stick with that n_points.

Another angle: the cross-correlation is calculated over all possible shifts. The maximum of these correlations is the value we need to minimize. So, perhaps instead of just optimizing for a single maximum, we can try to balance the correlations across different shifts. But how?

Alternatively, maybe a better way is to model this as an optimization problem where we minimize the maximum correlation, subject to the integral constraint. But how to do that efficiently?

I remember that in some cases, using a more global optimization method, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, could help escape local optima. But those methods might be too slow within the 100-second time budget. However, perhaps a combination of different methods can help.

Wait, the previous code used SLSQP with random perturbations. Maybe instead of perturbing the current best, I can try multiple different initial guesses. For example, generating random initial guesses that satisfy the integral constraint and then optimizing each one. But generating many initial guesses could be time-consuming.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Perhaps using a global optimizer like differential evolution could be better, even though it's slower. But with the time budget, I need to balance between the number of iterations and the time spent.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a Chebyshev approximation problem, where we want to minimize the maximum deviation. So maybe using a piecewise constant function with certain symmetry or periodicity could help. For example, using a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a pattern that balances the overlaps.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is to minimize the maximum correlation, which is related to the Fourier transform. The cross-correlation in the time domain corresponds to the product of the Fourier transforms. So minimizing the maximum correlation might relate to minimizing the maximum magnitude of the product of H and (1-H) in the frequency domain. But how to translate that into an optimization problem?

Wait, the integral of the overlap over all k is the correlation. But since we're dealing with a finite interval, maybe there's a way to express this in terms of Fourier series. However, this might complicate things further.

Another approach: the current code uses a grid of points and a step function. Maybe refining the structure of the step function. For example, using a more uniform distribution of the steps. Or using a structure where the function h(x) is designed such that the overlaps are balanced across different shifts.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to the problem of finding a set of points to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted. Maybe using a combinatorial approach, placing the step points in such a way that the overlaps are minimized. For example, using a spacing that prevents too much overlap when shifted.

But how to translate this into code? Maybe by using a grid where h(x) is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged so that when shifted, the overlap between these intervals is minimized. But for a step function with a certain number of intervals, this might be challenging.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a specific construction. Maybe the current code's starting point isn't optimal. So trying different initial guesses. For example, alternating 1s and 0s in a certain pattern, or using a more complex pattern. However, generating such patterns algorithmically would require some creativity.

Another thought: since the previous code used a 45-point grid, perhaps increasing the number of points could allow a better approximation, but that might require more computation time. However, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe using the same n_points, but trying different initializations.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization strategy. For example, using a gradient-based method with a better step size, or using a different optimization library that allows for faster convergence. The previous code used scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe using a different method, like COBYLA or BFGS, could be better. Or combining with some other heuristic.

But since the problem is non-convex, and the function might have many local minima, it's possible that the SLSQP method is not sufficient. So perhaps trying multiple different starting points and using a more global optimization approach.

But how to fit this into the time budget? Let's think about the steps.

The current code runs 30 iterations of perturbing the best guess and optimizing each. Maybe increasing the number of iterations, or trying different perturbations. Alternatively, using a different random seed or varying the perturbation parameters.

Another idea: the objective function is the maximum of the correlation values. The correlation is computed for all shifts. So the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. This is equivalent to the maximum overlap for any shift k. So, maybe instead of trying to minimize the maximum, we can try to approximate this as a minimax problem.

But how to handle this in the optimization? The objective function is non-convex and difficult to minimize directly. So, the previous approach of using an optimizer that minimizes this maximum is the way to go.

Another approach is to use a dynamic programming or some other structured approach to design h(x), but I'm not sure how to do that.

Let me think about the previous code. It uses SLSQP with constraints. The problem is that SLSQP might not explore the entire search space effectively. Maybe using a different optimization method, like differential evolution, which is a global optimization technique.

Wait, the code could be modified to use differential evolution. But differential evolution is slower, but maybe with a lower population size and fewer generations, it could find a better solution within the time budget.

Alternatively, combining multiple methods. For example, using differential evolution for the initial exploration and then SLSQP for fine-tuning.

But how to implement this in the code? Let me outline possible changes.

First, the code currently uses a fixed initial guess and an alternate initial guess. Maybe generating more initial guesses could help. For example, generating random initial h values that satisfy the integral constraint.

But generating random h values that sum to the target sum would involve creating a vector with random elements and then scaling them. But ensuring that the sum is exactly target_sum.

Alternatively, using a Poisson process or other method to generate a step function with the correct area.

Another idea: using a more structured initial guess. For example, starting with a step function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others. But how to determine those intervals?

Alternatively, using a Fourier-based approach. Since the overlap integral relates to the Fourier transform, perhaps designing h(x) to have a certain frequency spectrum that minimizes the maximum overlap. But this is quite abstract.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to the problem of minimizing the maximum correlation (which is like a convolution), perhaps using a function h(x) that is orthogonal or has certain properties with respect to the function 1-h(x). However, this is not directly applicable here.

Another approach: the problem is to minimize the maximum value of the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx for any k. Let's consider that for each k, this integral represents the overlap when h is shifted by k. So, we want all such overlaps to be as small as possible.

If we can balance the values of these integrals, that would be ideal. However, the variables are continuous, so it's challenging.

But for a step function with n_points samples, perhaps there's a way to structure the h values such that the overlaps are all roughly equal. If we can achieve that, the maximum would be lower.

For example, if the function h(x) is designed so that shifting it by any k results in a similar overlap. This might be possible with a periodic or symmetric structure.

So, perhaps designing h(x) to be symmetric and periodic in some way. For instance, if h(x) is constructed to have a certain periodic pattern over the interval [0, 2], then shifting by k would result in overlaps that are similar to shifting by other values.

But how to create such a structure algorithmically?

For example, using a pattern that repeats every certain number of points. Suppose h(x) alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are balanced.

But with the given n_points (45), creating a perfect balance might be difficult, but perhaps approximate.

Alternatively, using a function that is designed to have equal parts 1 and 0, spread out in a way that their overlaps are minimized.

But again, how to translate this into code?

Perhaps, the current initial_h_values is not the best starting point. Maybe generating a different initial guess that is more spread out. For example, using a random construction with the correct integral, but with more variation.

So, the code could generate multiple initial guesses and then optimize each one, selecting the best result.

But given the time constraints, how many initial guesses can be tried? For example, trying 10 different initial guesses, each with their own optimization.

But with the time budget, this might not be feasible if each optimization takes too long.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method for each initial guess.

Another idea: the current code uses a perturbation-based approach, but perhaps instead of adding random noise, we could use a more structured perturbation. For example, swapping certain values or adding waves to the function to improve the overlaps.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to predict.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based approach with a better step size. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. But maybe using a different method like BFGS with a line search could be better, or using a hybrid approach.

But how to implement this efficiently.

Another thought: the constraint is that the sum of h is exactly n_points/2. This is a linear constraint. The objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. But since the cross-correlation is a function of the h values, this makes the problem non-convex and challenging.

Another angle: the cross-correlation is maximized when the overlap between h and (1-h) is largest. So, the problem is to distribute the values in h such that for any shift, the overlap is minimized.

Perhaps the key is to make sure that the function h(x) is as uniform as possible, avoiding large areas where it is 1 or 0. For example, using a function that is 1 in certain regions and 0 in others, but with those regions spaced appropriately so that shifting them doesn't cause large overlaps.

So, a possible approach is to create a function that is 1 in intervals of length Δ and 0 elsewhere, arranged such that the intervals are spaced apart so that shifting causes minimal overlap.

For example, if the function is 1 in intervals of length Δ and spaced with gaps of Δ, then shifting by Δ would cause the overlap to be small. But this depends on the overall structure.

But how to translate this into code for the given n_points?

Let me think with an example. Suppose the interval [0,2] is divided into m intervals where h(x) is 1, and the rest is 0. The total area is 1, so the sum of the lengths of the 1 intervals is 1. If the intervals are spaced and arranged to minimize overlaps when shifted, the maximum overlap could be minimized.

But this is a bit abstract. Let's think of the function as having exactly m intervals of length l_i where h(x) is 1, and the rest is 0. The sum of l_i is 1. Then, when shifted by some k, the overlap with 1-h would be the sum of l_i times the overlap between their intervals and the shifted intervals of 1-h. This seems complicated.

However, for a step function with even distribution, this might be manageable.

But again, how to implement this for a given n_points?

Alternatively, using a greedy approach: distribute the 1s and 0s in h so that they are spread out as much as possible.

But given that this is a numerical optimization problem, perhaps the best approach is to try different initializations and use a more effective optimization method.

So, modifying the previous code to:

1. Try multiple different initial guesses.
2. Use a more effective optimization method, such as differential evolution.
3. Use a different way of generating initial guesses.

Let me outline a plan for the code:

- Generate several initial guesses, each with the required sum.
- For each initial guess, perform a local optimization (like SLSQP or a different method) to minimize the maximum correlation.
- Select the best result from all these optimizations.

But generating multiple initial guesses could take time. How to generate them quickly?

For example, for each initial guess, sample random positions where h is 1 and 0, ensuring the sum is correct.

Alternatively, using a simple random initialization where each h[i] is set to 1 with probability p, and adjust p to ensure the sum is correct. But this might not be efficient.

Alternatively, using a function that creates a periodic pattern, like a sine wave, but constrained to be step function.

But since the problem requires a step function (i.e., piecewise constant with discrete samples), maybe a better approach is to generate a random permutation of certain values that meet the sum requirement.

Wait, the initial_h_values is a 45-point array. Let me check what it contains. But the user said not to reference it directly. However, we can assume it's a valid starting point. The previous code uses initial_h_values and alternate_initial_guess.

But to avoid getting stuck in a local minimum, maybe trying a different initial guess.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the current best guess, use a genetic algorithm approach where we maintain a population of candidate solutions and evolve them over generations. But implementing a full genetic algorithm within the time budget could be challenging.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with a better initialization.

Another approach: Using a different optimization library. For example, using COBYLA or SLSQP with different parameters.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a limited number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations allowed in each optimization step could help. Or adjusting other parameters like ftol and eps.

But given that the current code only runs 30 iterations with 300 maxiter per optimization, perhaps that's not enough.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial steps, like Nelder-Mead simplex method, which is good for non-smooth functions.

Alternatively, combining multiple optimization steps.

Another idea: the current objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. To make this easier for optimization, perhaps using a different representation, like minimizing the maximum correlation by considering individual shifts.

But that would require changing the objective function to minimize the maximum over k, which is what the current code does.

In summary, here are possible improvements:

1. Use multiple initial guesses instead of only the initial_h_values and the alternate guess.
2. Use a different optimization algorithm that can find better minima.
3. Adjust the hyperparameters of the optimization method (like the number of iterations, tolerance, etc.).
4. Try to find a structured initial guess that might lead to better results.

Now, to implement these in code:

For the first point, generating multiple initial guesses. For example, create a random initial guess where each h[i] is set to 1 with probability p, then normalized to meet the sum requirement. But this could be done as follows:

def generate_random_initial(n_points):
    # Generate a random array where each entry is 1 with probability p, then scale to meet the sum
    # Let's use p = 0.5, then scale to have sum = n_points/2.
    # This is just an example; actual generation could vary.
    # However, to ensure the sum is exactly target_sum.
    p = 0.5
    random_initial = np.random.binomial(1, p, size=n_points)
    random_initial = random_initial / np.sum(random_initial) * target_sum
    return random_initial

This would generate a binary vector that is scaled to the correct sum. However, this might not be the best starting point. But for the purpose of generating diverse initial guesses, this could be useful.

Then, in the code, instead of just trying the initial and alternate, try several such random initial guesses, and optimize each.

But how many should be tried? For example, trying 5 or 10 different initial guesses, each with their own optimization.

This could be done in a loop, where for each initial guess, run the optimization and track the best result found.

This might help avoid getting stuck in local optima by exploring different regions.

Additionally, changing the optimization method. For example, using differential evolution (DE) instead of SLSQP. However, DE may be slower. But perhaps using a smaller population size and fewer generations could fit into the time budget.

Another point: the previous code uses a perturbed guess based on the current best, which may not explore new areas. Instead, trying different initial guesses could be more effective.

So, modifying the code to generate multiple initial guesses and optimize each one, then select the best result.

But with the time budget, this could be computationally intensive. So perhaps, trying 5 different initial guesses, each with a separate optimization.

Now, let's outline the code changes:

- Generate several initial guesses (e.g., 5-10 different ones), including the initial_h_values and some random ones.
- For each initial guess, run an optimization using SLSQP or another method.
- Track the best result across all optimizations.

But the previous code already has two initial guesses. Adding more would increase the computational load.

Alternatively, modify the code to try a few different initializations and optimize them.

Another possible change is to use the differential evolution method for optimization. This could be more effective in finding global minima. Let's try that.

For example, in the code, after generating an initial guess, run the optimization using differential evolution. The code could use scipy.optimize.differential_evolution, which requires a bounds and the objective function.

But the differential evolution method requires the objective function to be the one to minimize, and it can handle the constraint of the sum via the bounds. Wait, but the constraint is that sum(h) == target_sum. So how can we incorporate that into differential evolution?

Ah, the sum constraint is a equality constraint. Differential evolution without constraints would not handle this. So, the initial approach of using SLSQP with equality constraints is needed. However, combining with DE could be done with a wrapper.

Alternatively, use a modified objective function that includes a penalty term for the sum constraint, but this could complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, during the optimization, enforce the sum constraint by projecting the candidate solutions onto the constraint. For example, after each step, adjust the h values to ensure the sum is correct. But this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, during the optimization, use a method that can handle constraints, like SLSQP or COBYLA. So perhaps using SLSQP is more appropriate for the constraints.

Another idea: the previous code uses a random perturbation and then optimizes. Instead of doing this, use the initial guesses and let the optimizer explore.

But to make this efficient, the code needs to find a way to evaluate multiple candidates quickly.

Putting it all together, the plan for the code is:

1. Use a different set of initial guesses, including the initial_h_values, a random guess, and some structured ones.
2. For each initial guess, perform an optimization using SLSQP.
3. Track the best result found.
4. Use a larger number of iterations or different parameters for the optimization.
5. Consider using a different optimization method, like BFGS or COBYLA.

But how to implement this in the code within the given time budget?

Let me adjust the code:

- Generate multiple initial guesses (e.g., 5 different ones).
- For each, run an optimization with SLSQP and track the best result.
- Increase the number of iterations or adjust the optimization parameters.

Here's an outline of the code:

def run(...):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    # Generate initial guesses
    initial_guesses = [np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)]
    initial_guesses.append(create_alternate_guess(...))  # as before
    initial_guesses.append(generate_random_initial(...))  
    # etc.

    best_h = None
    best_c5 = float('inf')

    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Optimize this guess
        result = optimize.minimize(...)
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    return (best_h, best_c5, n_points)

This way, the code tries different initial guesses and finds the best one. But generating random guesses may take time, especially if done very carefully.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values and a few other guesses.

But for the sake of time and efficiency, perhaps trying a couple of different initial guesses, including the initial one and a random one, and then optimizing.

Another possible improvement is to use the scipy.optimize.minimize with method='SLSQP' and adjust the options to allow more iterations.

Wait, in the previous code, each optimization run (for each perturbation) had a maximum of 300 iterations. Maybe increasing that number could help.

Alternatively, using a more efficient method like L-BFGS-B (which is limited to bounds) or COBYLA.

But how to handle the constraint?

The constraint sum(h) = target_sum is an equality constraint. So, SLSQP is suitable, as it can handle equality constraints.

Another thought: the previous code only tries 30 iterations of perturbation. That may not be enough. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations could help, but with the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a more efficient method for the perturbations, like using the initial guess and applying a few optimizations with different perturbations.

But this is getting quite complex.

Alternatively, I could try using the previous code but with different parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations, changing the noise scale, or using a different optimizer.

But the user wants a better upper bound than 0.381153.

Another possible approach is to use a different initial guess that is known to be good for similar problems. For example, using a pattern where h(x) is 1 in intervals of certain lengths and spaced such that when shifted, overlaps are minimized.

For example, if the h function has 1s in intervals that are spread out evenly. For n_points=45, the total length of 1s is 1. So if the intervals are placed every (2 / number_of_intervals) length. But this is vague.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 for a fraction of the interval and 0 elsewhere, arranged periodically. But again, not sure.

In the absence of a better idea, perhaps the best approach is to modify the code to use more initial guesses and better optimization parameters.

So, let's try modifying the previous code to include more initial guesses and use a more effective optimizer.

For example, adding a random initialization and using differential evolution for certain steps.

But how to implement this in the code?

Another change: the 'create_alternate_guess' function in the previous code sets the first half to 1 and the second half to 0. This might not be optimal. Maybe using a more balanced alternation, like alternating 1 and 0 as much as possible.

But again, for the purpose of generating initial guesses, the previous approach is sufficient.

So, here's a plan for the code:

- Use a few different initial guesses: the provided initial_h_values, a random guess, and a few others.
- For each guess, run a single optimization with SLSQP.
- Track the best result.
- Additionally, try varying the optimization parameters, such as increasing the maximum iterations or adjusting the tolerance.

Now, modifying the code accordingly.

Also, to make sure the code doesn't take too long, the number of initial guesses should not be too high. Perhaps trying 3-5 different initial guesses.

Another change: use the initial_h_values and a few other guesses, like a random one and an alternating one.

In the code, modifying the initial_guesses variable to include these.

Finally, referring back to the code structure, and making sure that the code is within the character and line limits.

Let me write the code with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def generate_random_guess():
        np.random.seed(seed)
        guess = np.random.rand(n_points)
        guess = guess / guess.sum() * target_sum
        return guess
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - time.time() > budget_s:
            break
        guess = generate_random_guess()
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```