<think>
Okay, so I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős constant C₅. The previous approach used a starting guess and then applied some perturbations with SLSQP optimization. But the current result isn't good enough. Let me think about how to approach this differently.

First, I remember that the Erdős problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So the goal is to find a function h that makes this maximum as small as possible.

The previous method used a random perturbation approach with SLSQP. But maybe there's a better way. Maybe instead of using a single starting point, I should consider using more diverse initial configurations or different optimization strategies. Also, the problem is constrained by the integral of h being 1. So perhaps using a different optimization method that handles constraints better?

Wait, the current approach uses a fixed number of points (n_points) and the initial guess. Maybe increasing the number of points could give a better approximation. But the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe the previous approach with n=45 is okay, but perhaps a different method with fewer points but better structured?

Alternatively, maybe the issue is that the previous method is getting stuck in local optima. So perhaps using a different optimization method that can explore more of the search space? For example, maybe a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing? But those might be slower. However, with a time budget of 100 seconds, maybe some heuristics can be applied.

Wait, the problem says that the user wants to find a step function h, which is a discretized version. Since the previous approach used a starting guess and then perturbed it, maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses. Like, perhaps using a more structured initial guess, such as using a periodic or symmetric pattern?

Another thought: the problem requires that the integral over h is 1. So the function h must have an average value of 1/2 over [0,2]. So maybe the optimal function is symmetric in some way, or has repeating patterns?

Alternatively, perhaps using a piecewise constant function with multiple segments. For example, dividing the interval into regions where h is 0 or 1, but arranged in a way that minimizes the maximum overlap. However, since the function has to be stepwise, perhaps a more complex arrangement is needed.

Wait, another approach is to model this as an optimization problem where we want to minimize the maximum of the convolution of h with (1-h), scaled by dx. Since the convolution corresponds to the integral over shifts, maybe there's a way to frame this problem more formally.

But the optimization is challenging because of the max over all k. So perhaps the way to approach this is to consider that for each shift k, the overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So for each k, this is equivalent to the integral of h(x) over x where x + k is in the domain where h is 0. So it's like, for each shift, the overlap is the area where h is 1 and the shifted function is 0.

But since the function is over [0,2], the shifts k can range from -2 to 2. However, when k is within that range, the overlap integral can be calculated.

But how to model this in optimization? It's a global optimization problem with the constraint that the integral of h is 1, and the variables are the step values of h. The objective is to minimize the maximum of these overlap integrals.

The previous approach used a local optimization method with perturbations. But maybe a better approach is to use a more global search, or to use a different optimization strategy, like coordinate descent, or use a gradient-based method with better convergence.

Alternatively, perhaps using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can explore the parameter space more efficiently. However, implementing that might be complex.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is a convolution, maybe there's a way to model this as a convex optimization problem. But since we're dealing with a max over multiple terms, it's non-convex. So convex optimization might not apply directly.

Hmm. Maybe trying to use a different initial guess. The initial guess provided is a fixed array, but perhaps generating a better initial guess could lead to a better result. For example, starting with a uniform distribution, but that's unlikely to be optimal. Or a more structured pattern, like alternating 0s and 1s, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy approach: for each point, assign h[i] to 0 or 1 in a way that minimizes the maximum overlap. But this is a heuristic and might not lead to the optimal solution.

Alternatively, perhaps using a simulated annealing approach, where the function is perturbed gradually, and acceptance probabilities are based on the improvement in the objective. However, with the time constraint, this might be too slow.

Wait, the user mentioned that the current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than that. So the previous method achieved 0.381156. So there's a small margin to improve. How can that be achieved?

Maybe by considering that the optimal function is piecewise constant with certain properties. For example, maybe the function has certain periodicity or symmetry. For instance, if the function is symmetric around x=1, then the overlap integrals for k and -k would be the same. This could reduce the number of variables to consider.

Another thought: the overlap integral for k is the same as for -k due to the function being over [0,2]. So the maximum could be achieved for k in a certain range, maybe between 0 and 1. So maybe focusing on optimizing for k in that range would be sufficient.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal function has a certain width of regions where it's 1 or 0. For example, if the function is composed of several intervals where it is 1, but spaced out such that the overlap is minimized.

But how to model this? Maybe using a more structured approach for the initial guess. For example, if I divide the interval [0,2] into several segments and assign values to each segment in a way that balances the overlap.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to the covering problem or scheduling, where you want to arrange certain elements to minimize overlaps.

Another approach is to use the fact that the maximum overlap is equivalent to the maximum over k of the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k )) dx. So for each shift k, this is the same as the integral of h(x) over x where x +k is in the region where h is 0. Therefore, for each k, the overlap is the measure of x such that h(x) = 1 and h(x +k) = 0.

But since h is a step function, maybe the overlap can be calculated by looking at the positions where h is 1 and the shifted positions where h is 0.

But how to model this in terms of the step values. For example, if I have a step function with M intervals, each with value 0 or 1, then the overlap for each shift k would be the sum over all intervals where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. This could be calculated as the sum over all pairs of intervals where the first interval is 1 and the second is 0, and their positions overlap when shifted by k.

But this seems computationally intensive, especially for large n_points. However, perhaps for a given set of step values, we can compute the overlap for various shifts and find the maximum.

But the key is to find h that minimizes this maximum. So the problem is a constrained optimization problem where we need to minimize the maximum of several functions (for different k's), subject to the integral constraint.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the most feasible approach is to improve the previous method. Let me think about the previous code.

In the previous code, the sample uses SLSQP optimization with a fixed number of points and starts from an initial guess. Each iteration applies a perturbation to the current best guess and then performs a local optimization. However, this might not explore the search space thoroughly, leading to local optima.

One possible improvement is to use a different starting point. The initial guess is given, but maybe generating a different initial guess could lead to a better result. For example, if we use a construction that has a certain pattern, like a uniform distribution, or a pattern with more balanced regions.

Another idea is to use a genetic algorithm. Each individual is a possible h vector. We can evolve better solutions over generations, selecting the ones with lower C5 values. This would involve a population of h vectors, evaluating their C5 values, and then performing crossover and mutation. However, implementing this in Python, considering the time constraints, might be challenging, but perhaps feasible.

But given that the budget is only 100 seconds, it's crucial to have an efficient algorithm. Another thought: using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a different method in scipy.optimize, such as COBYLA instead of SLSQP, or using a more advanced solver.

Wait, in the previous code, the optimization uses SLSQP with constraints. But perhaps using a different method could lead to better convergence. For instance, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which is derivative-free but may explore the space more effectively.

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of methods: for example, first using a global optimization method to find a good starting point, then using a local optimization to refine it. But again, time is limited.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the current best guess with random noise, perhaps we can use a more informed approach. For example, generating a set of candidate points that perturb the current guess in directions that are likely to decrease the C5 value. This could be based on the gradient of the objective function.

But calculating the gradient is possible. The objective function is the maximum of the correlations. However, the maximum is a non-differentiable function, so the gradient is not straightforward. However, during the optimization steps, the maximum could be determined by a specific k, and the gradient with respect to h would be based on that k. So maybe the code can track which shift k is responsible for the current maximum and use that to compute the gradient.

This could be implemented by, in each iteration, evaluating the correlation for all k, finding the maximum, then computing the gradient with respect to h based on that particular shift. This would allow using gradient-based methods more effectively.

The previous code didn't track which k was causing the maximum, so it's always considering all possible k. This might lead to a less efficient optimization. So perhaps modifying the objective function to allow for this, and then using gradient-based methods that take into account which k is the maximum.

However, implementing this might require more code and careful handling.

Alternatively, maybe during optimization, we can approximate the gradient. For example, using finite differences to estimate the gradient of the maximum correlation with respect to h.

Another angle: the current code uses a fixed number of steps (n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 45). But maybe using fewer points would allow for more efficient exploration. However, the problem states that smaller sequences (less than 1k samples) are preferred. So perhaps the initial number of points (45) is acceptable, but maybe using a different number of points, like 50 or 60, could lead to better results.

But the initial_h_values is provided, so maybe the code should use that n_points. Wait, the initial_h_values is given as a starting point, which has a certain n_points. The previous code uses that. So changing the number of points would require different code.

But the problem says that the initial_h_values is the starting point. So the code should use that. However, the code in the previous example might not have used that. Wait, no, the previous code starts with initial_h_values, which is presumably a list of 45 values. So n_points is 45.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess with the same number of points. For example, if the initial_h_values is not the best starting point, maybe generating a better initial guess.

But how to generate a better initial guess? Maybe by creating a step function with periodicity. For example, a sequence that alternates between 0 and 1 in a certain pattern. For instance, if we divide the interval into parts where h is 0 and 1 in such a way that the overlap is minimized.

Alternatively, using a greedy approach: starting with all zeros, then adding regions where h is 1, ensuring that the integral constraint is satisfied, and trying to minimize the maximum overlap. But this is too vague.

Another idea: since the maximum overlap is influenced by the distances between the regions where h is 1. For example, if two regions of h=1 are spaced apart by a certain distance, then shifting by that distance would cause overlap. Therefore, the optimal h may have regions of 1 separated by a certain length, such that the overlap is minimized.

So, perhaps the optimal h is composed of m intervals where h is 1, each of length l, and the intervals are spaced such that their shifts do not overlap. But since the integral of h is 1, the total length of the intervals is 1. For example, if there are m intervals of length l each, then m*l = 1. If the spacing between intervals is s, then the total length is m*l + (m-1)*s ≤ 2. So for example, if m=2, then l=0.5, and s would need to be chosen so that 0.5 + 0.5 + s = 2, so s=1. This would leave spacing between the intervals of 1. But then the overlap for certain shifts would be zero, which is ideal. However, this might not account for all possible shifts.

But this is a very simplistic approach. However, in reality, the optimal function might involve multiple intervals with varying lengths and spacing. But how to model this?

Alternatively, maybe the optimal function has a certain number of intervals, and the code can generate initial guesses based on that. For example, using a uniform distribution of intervals with certain lengths. However, creating such a function would require careful calculation.

But given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to try modifying the current approach. Let's think about possible changes.

In the previous code, after some iterations of perturbation and optimization, the best solution is returned. However, maybe the number of iterations is too low. The code runs 40 iterations, and in each, a perturbation is added. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the perturbation parameters could help. For example, using a larger number of iterations, or varying the noise scale.

Another idea: instead of using a single perturbation noise scale, maybe using a decreasing noise scale over time, allowing for larger perturbations early on to explore the space, and smaller ones later to converge.

Additionally, the optimization method used is SLSQP. Maybe using a different method, like L-BFGS-B, which is a limited-memory BFGS method that can handle bounds, might lead to better convergence.

Another possible change: the previous code uses a fixed number of points, but perhaps using more points could allow for better resolution, even though the user prefers smaller sequences. However, the given initial_h_values has 45 points, so perhaps using that is the way to go.

Another thought: the current code uses random perturbations around the current best guess. Maybe instead, using a more directed approach. For example, during each iteration, we could evaluate the current best h, and for each possible shift k, compute the overlap integral and see which shifts are the maximum. Then, adjust the h vector to reduce the overlap for those specific k's. But how to translate that into an optimization step?

Alternatively, maybe using a coordinate descent approach where we iteratively update each h[i] to minimize the max overlap, given the current values. But this is complex.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimizer in scipy.optimize. For example, using COBYLA, which is a method for constrained optimization with bounds. Or using SLSQP but with different settings, such as adjusting the tolerance or the maximum number of iterations.

In the previous code, the options include 'maxiter': 200 and 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9. Maybe adjusting these parameters could lead to better convergence.

Also, the perturbations in the previous code have a noise_scale that decreases over time. Maybe there's a better way to choose the noise_scale. For example, decreasing it more gradually or using a different scaling.

Another possible change: instead of applying a random perturbation to the current best h, perhaps generating a new h by shifting some of the values. For example, using a different initialization strategy for the optimization step.

Alternatively, maybe using a different objective function that encourages a lower maximum overlap. For instance, adding a regularization term to the objective function to prevent h from becoming too sharp or too smooth.

But the user is supposed to minimize the maximum overlap, so adding a regularizer might not help directly. However, if the current approach leads to local minima, a regularizer might help in escaping them.

Another idea: using the fact that the overlap integral is a sum of products. For example, if h is represented as a vector of step values, then the overlap for a particular shift k can be computed as the sum over all i of h[i] * (1 - h[(i + k) % n_points]) * dx. Wait, but the actual shift is k, and since the domain is [0, 2], the shift would have to be adjusted for the wrap-around. However, the current code uses the full mode of numpy.correlate, which for the function h and (1-h), computes the cross-correlation for all possible lags. But this might not capture the exact overlap integrals correctly, especially with the periodic boundary conditions.

Wait, the original problem says that the integral is over [0,2], so when shifting by k, the overlap integral is over x in [0,2 -k], provided that k is in [0,2]. But the code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which for vectors of length n_points, gives the cross-correlation for all possible lags. However, this might not correspond exactly to the integral over [0,2] shifted by k, because the function is over [0,2], and k can be any real number. But in the discrete case, the code is approximating the integral by sampling at discrete points.

This might introduce errors. For example, when the shift k is not an integer multiple of dx, the overlap integral would be computed as a sum over the sampled points, but this could be inaccurate. However, given that dx is small, the approximation might be acceptable.

Another possible improvement: instead of using the full mode of numpy.correlate, compute the integrals explicitly. For each shift k, compute the Overlap integral by summing over the points where x +k is within the domain. But this would require more precise handling of the shifts.

However, for the purpose of this problem, the current code's approach is likely acceptable.

So, considering all this, the previous approach has some potential for improvement. Possible changes:

1. Use a different optimization method, such as COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, which might converge faster.
2. Adjust the noise_scale and the perturbation strategy to explore different parts of the search space more effectively.
3. Increase the number of iterations or the number of perturbations.
4. Use a different initial guess that may lead to a better starting point.

For example, the initial guess provided could be suboptimal, so generating a better initial guess could help. How to generate a better initial guess?

One approach is to generate a function that is symmetric, with certain periodic properties. For example, a function that has several intervals where it is 1 and 0, arranged symmetrically. For instance, splitting the interval [0,2] into equal parts. For example, if we have m intervals where h=1, each of length l = 1/m, and arranged with equal spacing. This is similar to a uniform sampling approach.

But how to code that? For example, if we choose m=4, then l=1/4=0.25, and spacing between intervals would be s = (2 - l*m)/ (m - 1) = (2 - 1)/3 = 1/3 ≈ 0.333. So the intervals would be at positions 0 to 0.25, then 0.25 + s = 0.583... to 0.833, then 0.833 + s = 1.166... to 1.416..., etc. However, this is a heuristic.

Alternatively, generating a function with a certain structure, like an alternating pattern of 1 and 0, with some adjustments to meet the integral constraint.

But since the code has to work within the constraints, generating such a function programmatically might be possible.

For example, if we decide to use a certain number of intervals, we can create a step function that has those intervals. However, the code might need to generate such a function as the initial guess.

But perhaps for the purpose of this problem, it's better to try different initial guesses. For instance, starting from the initial_h_values, but also trying other structured initial guesses.

However, the problem states that the initial_h_values is available and should be used directly. So the code should use that.

Another idea: in the previous code, the optimization is run for a fixed number of iterations (40), but maybe increasing that number could lead to better results. But with a time budget of 100 seconds, the code has to be efficient. For example, if each optimization takes a certain amount of time, then the number of iterations can be increased if the per-iteration time allows.

Alternatively, the code can track the elapsed time and stop when the budget is reached. The current code breaks after 40 iterations, but maybe some iterations can be run faster, allowing more iterations.

In the previous code, the for loop runs for 40 iterations. Each iteration includes a perturbation, optimization, and updating the best solution. Perhaps reducing the number of iterations but with more aggressive optimization can help.

But all of this is quite vague. Let's think of implementing changes in the code.

First, let's think about the optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP. Maybe switching to a different method like COBYLA or Nelder-Mead. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds, which might be more efficient.

Second, adjusting the perturbation noise scale. Perhaps reducing the noise_scale over time in a different way. For example, maybe using a larger noise at the beginning to explore more widely, then smaller noise.

Third, using a better way to handle the maximum overlap. For instance, in each iteration, the code uses the current best h to compute the correlation, which is then the objective. But maybe the code could track which k is responsible for the maximum and focus the optimization steps on that k.

However, this would complicate the code.

Another possible change is to use a different initial guess. Since the initial_h_values are given, but perhaps generating a different initial guess could lead to better results. For example, creating an initial guess with a larger number of intervals, or a different structure.

But given the time, perhaps the easiest way is to adjust the previous code.

Let me think about modifying the previous code.

For example, in the previous code, the noise_scale is scaled by (1 - _ / 40). Maybe trying a different scaling, such as decreasing it exponentially or using a more aggressive scaling.

Also, adjusting the optimization parameters. For example, setting a lower ftol and eps to allow for more precise convergence.

Another idea is to use the 'TNC' method instead of 'SLSQP', which is suitable for bounds and equality constraints.

Alternatively, using a more aggressive optimization, such as increasing the maxiter.

But I need to implement these changes.

Let me outline the possible changes:

1. Use a different optimization method, like COBYLA, which is suitable for bounds and may have better performance.
2. Increase the number of optimization iterations per perturbation.
3. Adjust the noise_scale and perturbation strategy.
4. Possibly use a different initial guess if possible.

Additionally, the code currently returns the best solution found, but perhaps we can try multiple different initial guesses and select the best one.

But since the initial_h_values is provided, perhaps the code should use that, but also consider other initial guesses.

But given the problem's constraints, the code should start from initial_h_values.

Another possible change is to use the COBYLA method, which is for bound-constrained problems and might be more efficient.

Another point: in the current code, the objective function is the maximum of the correlation. However, the gradient of this function with respect to h could be complex because the maximum is taken over all k. However, if we can approximate the gradient, it might lead to better optimization. For example, in each iteration, the code could determine the k that gives the maximum, and then compute the gradient with respect to that k, and then proceed with gradient descent.

But implementing this would require knowing which k is causing the maximum, which can be done in the objective function.

So, in the current code, during each evaluation of the objective function, we can find which k is responsible for the maximum. Then, during the optimization, the gradient can be computed based on that specific k.

This could be done by, for each h, computing the correlation for all k, finding the maximum, and then the gradient is the derivative of the correlation for that particular k.

For example, the gradient of the objective function with respect to h[i] would be the derivative of the correlation for that k, which is the value of (1 - h(x +k)) at x = i * dx? Or something similar.

This is getting complicated, but it might provide a better direction for the optimization.

However, implementing this requires more code, but it could lead to better convergence.

In any case, given the time constraints, perhaps the main changes are to:

- Use a different optimization method.
- Adjust the perturbation strategy.
- Use more iterations or better parameters.

Let me try to modify the previous code accordingly.

For example, in the previous code, the optimization method is 'SLSQP'. Let's try using 'L-BFGS-B' instead, which is suitable for bounded variables. The code may need to adjust the bounds and constraints accordingly.

Wait, the constraints are that the sum of h is exactly n_points / 2. So the constraint is an equality constraint, which is handled by the 'SLSQP' method. Other methods may require different handling.

Alternatively, for the objective function, the maximum correlation can be minimized. Let's try using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which can handle bounds and the equality constraint via the Lagrangian multiplier.

However, the code would need to set up the optimization problem correctly.

Another possible change is to use the 'TNC' method, which is for bound-constrained optimization and handles equality constraints via Lagrange multipliers.

In any case, without going into too much detail, I think modifying the optimization method and parameters could lead to better results.

Another idea: in the previous code, the noise_scale is set to 0.015 multiplied by (1 - _ / 40). This means that initially, the perturbations are larger, decreasing over time. Perhaps adjusting this noise_scale to be larger initially and then decreasing could allow for better exploration of the solution space.

Also, the number of optimization steps per perturbation is set to 200. Perhaps this is too high and could be reduced, or increased if the time allows.

Another possibility: instead of using a random perturbation, we could use a more targeted perturbation. For example, perturbing the h values that contribute the most to the current maximum overlap.

However, implementing this requires additional analysis of the current solution.

In summary, modifying the optimization method, increasing the number of iterations, and adjusting the perturbation strategy could potentially improve the result.

So, the new code could use the COBYLA method, vary the noise scale, and possibly increase the number of iterations.

Also, I should consider using a better starting point. However, the initial_h_values is provided, so the code should use that.

Putting this all together, here's a revised plan for the code:

- Use the same initial guess.
- Use a different optimization method, like COBYLA, which is suitable for constraints.
- Adjust the perturbation noise scale over time.
- Perform more iterations, checking the time budget.
- Use a more efficient optimization method with better convergence.

Now, I need to translate these ideas into code.

In Python, using scipy.optimize.minimize with different methods.

For example, changing the method to 'COBYLA' or 'L-BFGS-B' and adjusting the parameters.

Let me think: the previous code used 'SLSQP' with the options {'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}. If we switch to 'L-BFGS-B', then we may need to adjust the bounds and constraints. However, the equality constraint on the sum of h is handled by the constraints parameter.

But in any case, the code needs to handle the equality constraint and the bounds on the h values.

Let me draft some code changes.

First, the code starts with the initial_h_values. Then, for each perturbation, we generate a new guess, and then use scipy.optimize.minimize with the desired method.

But in the previous code, 'SLSQP' was used. Changing to 'L-BFGS-B' would require adjusting the constraints, as COBYLA and L-BFGS-B can handle bounds and constraints.

But I'm not sure. It might be better to stick with 'SLSQP' but adjust the parameters and perturbation strategy.

Another idea: in the previous code, the perturbation is added with a certain noise_scale. Perhaps using a larger noise_scale initially and reducing it over time. For example, starting with noise_scale=0.05, decreasing linearly to 0.005 over the iterations.

Also, perhaps increasing the number of iterations to 80, allowing more exploration.

Let me adjust the code accordingly.

Here's a revised version of the code:

- Use the same initial guess.
- Use a different noise_scale schedule.
- Increase the number of iterations.
- Adjust the optimization method.

But I'm not sure which changes would be best. Given time constraints, I'll proceed with modifying the previous code as follows:

- Change the optimization method to 'L-BFGS-B', which is suitable for bounded variables and has good convergence properties.
- Adjust the noise_scale to be larger initially.
- Increase the number of iterations.
- Possibly use a different constraint handling.

However, without testing, it's hard to know. But for the purpose of this task, I'll implement these changes.

Another possible improvement is to use the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which is derivative-free and might explore the space better.

But again, the exact implementation would require code.

In conclusion, the key changes would be to adjust the optimization method and parameters, enhance the perturbation strategy, and possibly increase the number of iterations. These changes are aimed at escaping local optima and achieving a better C5 value.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    for i in range(40):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        noise_scale = 0.025 * (1 - i / 40)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```