<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. The existing code uses a perturbation-based optimization approach with SLSQP, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better way.

First, I should understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0, 2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The challenge is to find a function h that spreads out the 1s such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

The previous code uses a random perturbation approach, but maybe that's not the most effective. Perhaps using more advanced optimization techniques or different initial guesses would help. Let me think about possible improvements.

Maybe starting with a different initial guess could lead to better results. The initial_h_values provided might be local minima, so trying other constructions like periodic patterns or more balanced distributions could be better.

Another idea is to use gradient-based methods with more sophisticated optimization. The current approach uses SLSQP with perturbations, but perhaps using more efficient optimization algorithms or better hyperparameters could help. For example, using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing might escape local minima better, but those are computationally intensive and might not fit within the 100-second budget.

Alternatively, maybe using a different objective function or constraints. The current objective function is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation. But perhaps there's a way to reformulate the problem to make it easier for optimization.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model it as a minimax problem. However, solving such a problem directly might be challenging. Maybe using a convex relaxation or some approximation could help, but I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Wait, the existing code uses a fixed number of points (n_points) and starts from initial_h_values. The initial_h_values has 45 points. Maybe using more points could yield better results, but the user wants to prefer smaller sequences. However, sometimes more points allow for finer adjustments.

But the problem states that smaller sequences (less than 1k samples) are preferred for speed. So using a higher n_points might be worse due to time constraints. But maybe the current code's approach with 45 points can be optimized further.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the initial guess and optimizing locally, maybe use a more global search strategy. For example, a Bayesian optimization approach could be used to explore the space more efficiently. However, implementing that from scratch might be complex, and with the time budget, it's not clear.

Alternatively, using a stochastic optimization method like simulated annealing could help avoid local minima. However, the previous code already uses a perturbation approach, which is somewhat similar to simulated annealing, but with fixed steps.

Another angle: the current code uses the same initial guess for all iterations. Maybe starting with different initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, generating multiple different initial configurations and optimizing each one, then selecting the best.

But generating different initial configurations might take more time, especially with the budget constraint.

Another possibility is to use a more efficient optimization method. The SLSQP method has parameters that could be tuned. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could lead to better results. However, the previous code already has a loop with 40 iterations.

Wait, maybe using a different optimization method like BFGS (with constraints) or another method that's better suited for this problem. But the previous code uses SLSQP, which can handle constraints.

Another idea: the integral is calculated with np.correlate, but maybe there's a way to compute the cross-correlation more efficiently or with more precision. However, that might not be the main issue.

What if we consider the problem as a constrained optimization problem where we want to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation values. The current approach minimizes the maximum value, but maybe there's a way to model this better.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be transformed into a form that can be optimized using a different approach. For example, using a Lagrange multiplier to handle the integral constraint.

But the main challenge is the time budget. So perhaps the existing approach can be improved by using more efficient hyperparameters.

Looking at the previous code, the noise scale decreases over iterations, which makes sense to reduce the perturbation as the optimization proceeds. Maybe adjusting that noise_scale or the perturbation method could help.

Another thing: the initial guess is used as a starting point, but perhaps using a different initial guess could yield better results. For example, generating a more uniform distribution of 1s in the function h.

Wait, the integral of h is 1 over [0, 2], so the average value of h is 0.5. Since it's a step function, maybe distributing the 1s and 0s in such a way that their overlap when shifted is minimized. For example, if the 1s are spread out as evenly as possible, then shifting them would result in less overlap.

So, perhaps constructing an initial guess where the 1s are placed in a regular pattern. For instance, placing a 1 at intervals of 2/(number of 1s). But since the integral is 1, the number of 1s would be determined by the step size.

Wait, but h is a step function, so each element in h is either 0 or 1? Or can it take any value between 0 and 1? Wait, the problem says h is a step function, but the discretized version is represented as samples. However, in the problem, the constraints are that h(x) is between 0 and 1, but it's not necessarily stepwise. However, in the discretized version, h_values are samples, so maybe they can take values between 0 and 1. But the initial_h_values given might have some values between 0 and 1. So perhaps the initial guess isn't a binary step function.

But for the purpose of minimizing overlap, having the function h take values between 0 and 1 might allow for smoother distributions, which could lead to lower overlaps. However, the problem is to find the step function, but perhaps the discretized version is just an approximation.

So, perhaps the initial guess could be optimized to have certain patterns, like alternating between 0 and 1 as much as possible, but adjusted to maintain the integral constraint.

Another idea: The current code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe using a more aggressive optimization approach with multiple restarts from different initial points could help. For example, generating several different initial configurations (maybe using different patterns) and then performing optimization on each.

But generating different initial configurations could take time. However, maybe the initial_h_values provided is a good starting point, but perhaps other starting points could be better. For example, using a more uniform distribution of 1s or a different pattern.

Alternatively, using a different approach to generate the initial guess. For example, creating a binary step function with 1s at certain positions, then optimizing from there. However, the initial_h_values might already be a good approximation.

But the previous code's result was 0.381156, and the target is 0.380876. So even a small improvement would be valuable. How can I get that?

Perhaps the current approach is too local. Let's think of another way. Maybe using a genetic algorithm where we evolve the h_values over generations, selecting for lower C5. However, implementing a genetic algorithm might be time-consuming and may not fit within the 100-second budget.

Another idea is to use a more sophisticated optimization technique. For example, using a differential evolution approach, which is a global optimization method that can escape local minima. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimization method. Maybe switching to a different algorithm could help.

Wait, but the problem is that the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. The optimizer needs to minimize this maximum. So perhaps the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem? Not sure. However, the maximum of a set of functions is a non-convex problem, making it challenging.

Another thought: since the overlap integral is over the entire domain, maybe the maximum occurs for certain shifts. If we can find a way to ensure that the overlap is minimized for those critical shifts, that could help. But how to identify those shifts?

Alternatively, maybe using a different discretization. For example, using more points could allow for a better approximation, but the problem states to prefer smaller sequences. So, using 45 points might be acceptable.

Another idea is to use a different sampling strategy for h. For example, instead of starting from the initial_h_values, generate a new initial guess where the 1s are spread out more evenly. For example, placing a 1 every certain interval, adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

But how to generate such a distribution? Let's think: the integral over [0, 2] is 1. So, the area under the curve h(x) is 1. If h(x) is a step function with 1s and 0s, then the number of 1s multiplied by the duration they are 1 would equal 1. For instance, if each 1 is of length dx, then the number of 1s would be 1 / dx. But dx is 2.0/n_points. So the number of 1s would be n_points/2. However, in the discretized version, each h[i] can be any value between 0 and 1. So maybe a binary step function where each 1 is of width dx. But then the integral would be sum(h[i]) * dx = 1. So, the sum of h[i] could be n_points/2. But if h is binary, then sum(h) would be exactly n_points/2. For example, with 45 points, n_points/2 is 22.5, which is not possible for integer values, so maybe the initial h_values are allowing for non-integer counts by having some 0s and some 1s.

But maybe creating a binary initial guess with 22 or 23 ones would be better. For example, if we set h[i] = 1 for n_points/2 positions and 0 otherwise, and then adjust to meet the sum constraint. However, with n_points even, this would be possible. For odd n_points, perhaps some of the h[i] would be 0.5. But in the previous code, the initial_h_values might already be such a configuration.

So perhaps generating a different initial guess with a more regular pattern could help. For example, placing the 1s periodically. Let's try to think of a way to do this algorithmically.

For instance, if the initial guess is a binary step function with 1s spaced regularly. Let's say we have m ones. The integral is m * dx, which should equal 1. So m = 1/dx = n_points/2. Since n_points is 45, m is 22.5, which is not possible. So, perhaps using some 22 ones and some 0.5s. But the initial_h_values provided may already be such a configuration.

Alternatively, maybe the previous code's initial_h_values is a good starting point, but the optimization could be improved.

Another idea is to use a more efficient optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP on a perturbed guess, but perhaps using a different method like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B with constraints could be better. However, the constraints are the sum of h_values equals n_points/2, which is a linear constraint.

Wait, the current code uses the SLSQP method with the constraint being the sum. The perturbation approach might be causing issues. Maybe a better approach is to use a more global optimization strategy, but given the time constraints, that might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the parameter space. However, with limited time, that might not be feasible.

Wait, perhaps the main issue is that the previous approach is too local, getting trapped in a local minimum. To improve this, maybe using a different initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values might not be the best. If there's a better starting point, the optimization could find a better solution.

But how to generate a better starting point? For example, using a more balanced pattern. Let's think of an example. Suppose n_points=45, dx=2/45 ≈ 0.0444. To have the integral 1, sum(h) must be 45/2=22.5. So perhaps placing 22 ones and one half, and the rest zeros. But how to spread these 1s?

Maybe placing them in a way that their positions are as evenly spaced as possible. For example, placing the 1s at positions i where i is a multiple of some base. For example, if we have 22.5 ones, perhaps a period of 2/22.5 ≈ 0.0889. But how to translate that into positions?

Alternatively, using a random initial guess where the 1s are randomly placed, but ensuring the sum constraint. However, generating such a random initial guess might lead to a better starting point than the provided initial_h_values.

But the initial_h_values are provided, and according to the rules, I should use them directly. So I cannot change that. So maybe the initial_h_values are not the best, but the current approach is stuck in a local minimum.

Another idea: modifying the optimization steps. Instead of using perturbation, maybe using a more controlled method. For example, using a gradient descent approach with momentum or other techniques. However, the objective function is non-smooth due to the max operator. Taking the gradient of the objective function is complicated, but perhaps using a proxy.

Alternatively, the maximum of the cross-correlation values can be approximated by using a penalty function, such as summing the squares of the differences. But this is an approximation and may not lead to the exact same result.

Alternatively, since the cross-correlation is calculated for all shifts, maybe focusing on optimizing for the most critical shifts. For example, if we can find the shift that gives the highest overlap, and then optimize for that specific shift. However, this is a greedy approach and might not find the global minimum.

But given that the problem requires finding the maximum over all k, it's challenging to know which shift is critical.

Another idea: using a more efficient calculation of the cross-correlation. The current code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. However, for the problem, we only need the maximum value. But perhaps there's a way to compute this more efficiently, or to focus on the most critical shifts.

Alternatively, using a different approach for the overlap integral. For example, if we can model the overlap integral as a convolution, then perhaps we can use Fourier transform methods. But the max over all shifts complicates this approach.

Alternatively, since the overlap is h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)), integrating over x, maybe for each k, we can look for a function h that minimizes this integral. However, the problem requires minimizing the maximum over all k, which is a more complex constraint.

At this point, I'm not sure if I can think of a completely different approach. Perhaps modifying the existing code's optimization strategy.

Looking at the existing code's parameters, maybe adjusting the number of iterations, the noise scale, or the optimization method's settings could help. For example, using a higher number of iterations, or changing the method to a different optimization algorithm that might handle the constraints better.

Another thought: the current code applies perturbation and then uses SLSQP to minimize the objective. Maybe instead of perturbing the current best solution, using a different way to generate new initial points for the optimization. For example, using a random initialization followed by SLSQP, and then comparing the results, but this could be time-consuming.

Alternatively, using multiple starting points. For example, starting with the initial guess, and then generating several other initial guesses (like random ones or ones with different patterns) and optimizing each, then choosing the best among them. But this would require more computation time.

However, given the 100-second budget, I need to find a way to make the most efficient improvements.

Another idea: the current objective function is to minimize the max of the cross-correlation. Maybe using a different objective that encourages lower values across all k, not just the maximum. For example, using the sum of the cross-correlation values. However, this might not directly minimize the maximum value.

But perhaps the following: instead of maximizing the cross-correlation, we can try to minimize the sum of the cross-correlations, which could indirectly lead to lower maximums. However, this is speculative.

Alternatively, using a penalty approach where the objective function is the maximum value plus a penalty for deviating from the constraint. But this is what the current code is already doing.

Perhaps the existing code could be modified to use a more efficient optimization method, like using a different solver. For example, using the 'COBYLA' method in scipy.optimize, which is designed for bounds and constraints. Or using the 'SLSQP' method with different parameters.

Another idea is to use more aggressive steps in the optimization. For example, increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance parameters. However, the previous code has a loop with 40 iterations, each with a perturbation and an optimization.

Wait, in the previous code, the perturbation is added to the current best guess, and then optimized. Maybe instead of perturbing, we can use a different method like using a random mutation or a different initial guess.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the main change is to use a different initial guess. However, the initial_h_values are fixed, so I can't change that.

Alternatively, perhaps the existing code's perturbation is too small. Maybe increasing the noise_scale or changing the perturbation strategy could lead to finding better solutions.

In the current code, noise_scale decreases over iterations. Maybe increasing it during early iterations to explore more of the search space, and then reducing it later to fine-tune.

Another possibility is to use a different optimization method for the inner optimization. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method, which doesn't require gradients but is more suitable for non-smooth functions.

However, the 'Nelder-Mead' method is not as reliable for constrained optimization as SLSQP. So, this might not be the best approach.

Alternatively, using a different optimization technique that can handle the constraints better. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations.

Another idea: the current code uses 'ftol' and 'eps' parameters in the optimizer. Maybe adjusting these parameters to a lower tolerance could help. However, the current code already has 'ftol' set to 1e-10 and 'eps' to 1e-9, which are very tight.

Alternatively, increasing the number of iterations in the optimize.minimize function. For example, using 'maxiter' as a larger number.

But modifying these parameters might not have a significant impact, and could lead to longer computation times.

Another angle: the current code computes the cross-correlation using np.correlate, which might have numerical precision issues. However, this is likely negligible.

Perhaps the most straightforward improvement is to change the optimization method. For example, switching from SLSQP to a different method that might converge faster or find better solutions.

Alternatively, using a different solver, like using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a bounded optimization method that can handle constraints. However, the constraint is the sum, which is linear, so it should be compatible.

But the problem is that the objective function is non-convex, so the optimization may get stuck in local minima. So, without a good initial guess, this is not helpful.

So, what else can I try? Maybe using a different initial guess that is better. But the initial_h_values are provided and I can't change that. So if that initial guess is not the best, then the code is stuck.

Alternatively, trying to generate a different initial guess as a starting point. But how?

For example, creating a pattern where the function h is a binary step function with 1s placed periodically. Let's try to generate such an initial guess. For n_points = 45, dx = 2/45 ≈ 0.0444. The integral should be 1, so the sum of h is 22.5. Let's try to make a pattern where h alternates between 1 and 0 as smoothly as possible. For example, placing 1s every about (2 / 23) ≈ 0.087 units. But with 45 points, this would be a very fine spacing.

But generating such a pattern algorithmically could be done. For example, placing ones at positions that are spaced as evenly as possible. This is similar to a greedy algorithm for the distribution of points.

For instance, starting from 0, place a 1, then skip (2 / (number of 1s)) units. However, given that the number of 1s is 22.5, which is not integer, perhaps placing 22 ones and one at half.

But in code, how to generate such a pattern? Let me think. For example, if we have n_units = 22.5, then for each position i in 0 to n_points-1:

x = i * dx
count = floor((x) * (n_points / 2))
if count >= 22, then set h[i] to 1, otherwise 0.

Wait, that might not be accurate. Alternatively, distribute the 1s as uniformly as possible. For example, placing a 1 at positions i where i is approximately (n_points / 2) * (x / 2), but this is vague.

Alternatively, use a sine wave pattern. For example, h(x) = 0.5 + 0.5*sin(π*(x - 1)), which has a period of 2. This would have an integral of 1 over [0,2]. However, this is a continuous function, and how to discretize it into step points?

But for the purposes of the initial guess, generating such a function as a starting point might be helpful. However, the previous code starts from a different initial guess.

But the problem states that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So I can't change that. Hence, my previous code is already using the initial guess.

At this point, I think the most straightforward improvement is to modify the optimization strategy. Perhaps using a different solver or adjusting the parameters.

Another idea: using the 'SLSQP' method with a different initial guess. For example, instead of perturbing the current best guess, use a random initial guess each time. But this could take more time.

Alternatively, the previous code applies perturbation with a decreasing noise_scale. Maybe increasing the noise_scale during the initial iterations and decreasing it later could help explore the search space more effectively.

In the previous code, the noise_scale starts at 0.015 and decreases by a factor of (1 - _/40) each iteration. Maybe changing the noise_scale to decrease more slowly during the early stages, allowing more exploration.

For example, maybe using a different schedule for the noise_scale. Instead of linear decrease, use an exponential decay, or a different parametrization.

Another idea: using a global optimization method like the 'BayesianOptimization' library, but the problem restricts the use of external libraries, so I can't use that. However, I can't install new packages like scikit-optim, so this is not feasible.

Another possibility is to use more sophisticated optimization methods within scipy. For example, using the 'cmaes' method from scipy.optimize, which is a covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy (CMA-ES), which is a global optimization method. However, this method requires additional parameters and might not be available in some scipy versions.

Wait, in the original code, the user can use any of the solvers listed in the problem description. The allowed solvers are: CBC, CVXOPT, GLOP, GLPK, GUROBI, MOSEK, PDLP, SCIP, XPRESS, ECOS. Oh, right, the user can use these solvers via cvxpy.

Wait, the note says that the user can use scipy, numpy, cvxpy with those solvers. So perhaps using a different optimization framework, like using cvxpy to model the problem as a convex optimization problem.

But the problem is a non-convex optimization problem, since the objective is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation values. However, perhaps formulating it in a way that can be approximated with convex methods.

Alternatively, using a simulation-based approach with cvxpy. For example, discretizing the problem and using a mixed-integer programming approach to place the 1s in a way that minimizes the maximum overlap. But this would likely be intractable for large n.

Alternatively, using a relaxation where the h[i] are variables between 0 and 1, and the total sum is fixed. Then, the objective is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation values. But this is still a non-convex problem, so cvxpy may not be able to solve it directly.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to stick with the existing optimization method but tweak the hyperparameters to see if it leads to better results.

Let me try to adjust the code:

1. Increase the number of iterations in the loop. The current code loops 40 times. Maybe increasing this number could help find a better solution. However, this would use more time.

2. Change the perturbation method. For example, instead of adding random noise to the previous best guess, using a different perturbation strategy, like randomly choosing a subset of points and flipping their values.

3. Use a different optimization method. For example, switching to 'L-BFGS-B' method with constraints.

4. Adjust the noise_scale schedule to allow for more exploration early on.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. For instance, in the current code, the noise_scale starts at 0.015 and decreases over iterations. Maybe starting with a higher noise_scale and decreasing it more slowly.

Let me try modifying the noise_scale schedule. For example, instead of decreasing linearly, using an exponential decay. Or, making the noise_scale start higher and decrease more gradually.

Another idea: using a different perturbation method, like a simulated annealing approach where the perturbation amplitude decreases over time.

But with limited time, perhaps adjusting the noise_scale and the number of iterations would be the most straightforward improvement.

Let me try modifying the code as follows:

- Increase the number of iterations from 40 to, say, 50.

- Adjust the noise_scale to decrease more gradually.

Let me try modifying the noise_scale to something like 0.02 * (1 - _ / 50), which starts higher and decreases more slowly.

Alternatively, use a larger initial noise_scale.

Another idea: instead of using the perturbed guess as the initial guess for optimization, maybe use the initial_h_values as the starting point for the first iteration, and then perturb it in subsequent steps.

But this is already what the code does.

Alternatively, run the optimization multiple times with different initial guesses, but this would require more time.

Another possible change is to use a different optimization method. For example, using 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds and constraints. Let's see if that could help.

The 'L-BFGS-B' method is suitable for bound-constrained problems, and it's a gradient-based method. However, the objective function's gradient is not trivial to compute, but scipy's optimize might handle it.

But in the current code, the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. However, the gradient of this function with respect to h may be difficult to compute, but the optimizer may still attempt to use gradient descent.

But the 'SLSQP' method is better suited for equality constraints, which is what we have here.

Hmm.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the noise_scale schedule and increase the number of iterations, and see if that improves the result.

So, modifying the previous code to increase the number of iterations, say 60, and tweak the noise_scale schedule.

But how to implement that?

Another thing: the current code uses the same optimization method each time, but perhaps the optimizer might converge more quickly with certain parameters.

In addition, using a higher tolerance for the optimizer's convergence could allow it to find better solutions faster.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (40), but if the budget is 100 seconds, perhaps the code can run for longer, but the user's code is supposed to exit when the time runs out.

So, to make the code more efficient, perhaps increasing the number of iterations.

Let me try modifying the code as follows:

- Increase the number of iterations from 40 to 60.

- Adjust the noise_scale to decrease more slowly.

For example:

noise_scale = 0.02 * (1 - _ / 60)

This way, the perturbation starts at 0.02 and decreases more gradually.

Another idea: using a larger noise_scale initially to explore more of the search space.

This would allow the optimization to explore different regions, perhaps escaping local minima.

Additionally, adjusting the maxiter in the optimize.minimize call to a higher number, say 500, to allow the optimizer to converge better.

But this might take more time, but since the overall code is within the budget, it's worth trying.

So, the modified code would have:

- More iterations in the loop.

- Adjusted noise_scale.

- Possibly higher maxiter in the optimize.minimize function.

But I need to ensure that the code runs within the 100-second budget.

Another adjustment: instead of using the SLSQP method, use the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method, which doesn't require gradients and is less sensitive to initial guesses. However, it may be slower for large n_points.

But given the current n_points is 45, this might be manageable.

Let me try modifying the optimizer's method to 'Nelder-Mead'.

However, since the problem has constraints, 'Nelder-Mead' might not handle them well. So, this is not suitable.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with different parameters.

Putting it all together, here's what I can do: modify the code to increase the number of iterations, adjust the noise_scale schedule, and possibly increase the maxiter in the optimizer's options.

Additionally, perhaps adding a check for improvement and breaking early if no improvement is made for several iterations.

But the user code must return a valid solution.

Another thing: the code's current perturbation uses a Gaussian noise, but maybe using a uniform noise distribution could be better. For example, perturbing with a uniform distribution over a certain range.

But this is a minor change.

In summary, the main modifications to the previous code would be:

1. Increase the number of iterations in the loop.

2. Adjust the noise_scale schedule.

3. Possibly increase the maxiter in the optimizer.

4. Adjust the optimization method if possible.

Let me try implementing these changes.

In the previous code, the loop runs for 40 iterations. Let's increase it to 60.

The noise_scale was set to 0.015 * (1 - _ / 40), which for _=0 is 0.015, and decreases to 0.015 * (1-60/40) = but wait, when _ exceeds 40, it would go negative. Wait, no, in the original code, the loop is for _ in range(40), so _ ranges from 0 to 39. So it's 40 iterations, and the noise_scale starts at 0.015 and decreases to 0.015 * (1 - 39/40) = 0.015 * (1/40) = 0.000375.

To adjust the noise_scale for more iterations, say 60, we can change the loop to range(60), and adjust the noise_scale accordingly.

But this would require more iterations, which might take longer.

However, the code must track the elapsed time and exit before the budget runs out.

So, in the modified code, the loop would run for a certain number of iterations, but if time is exhausted, it breaks early.

So, the modified code would include:

for _ in range(60):
    if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
        break
    noise_scale = 0.02 * (1 - _ / 60)
    perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
    perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=perturbed_guess,
        method='SLSQP',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
    )

    if result.success:
        current_c5 = objective(result.x)
        if current_c5 < best_c5:
            best_c5 = current_c5
            best_h = result.x

This would increase the number of iterations and the noise_scale, potentially leading to a better solution.

Another change: increasing the maxiter in the optimizer to allow it to converge better.

Additionally, using a different noise_scale schedule, such as starting higher and decreasing more gradually.

These changes might help the optimization explore the search space more effectively and find a better solution.

So, these are the main modifications I would make to the existing code to improve the C5 bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    for _ in range(60):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        noise_scale = 0.02 * (1.0 - _ / 60)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```