<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. My previous code used a perturbation-based optimization with SLSQP, but maybe that's not the most effective approach. Let me think about alternative strategies.

First, the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral between h(x) and 1-h(x+k) over all k. The overlap integral is the convolution of h and 1-h, scaled by dx. So the goal is to design a step function h that spreads out the 1's and 0's in such a way that when you shift it by any k, the overlap is minimized.

The previous approach used a starting point, perturbed with noise, and tried to optimize. But perhaps that's too local. Maybe a better approach is to use a more structured optimization method, like using a genetic algorithm or a Bayesian optimization, but with the time constraints, that might be challenging.

Alternatively, maybe a better way is to model this as an optimization problem with more sophisticated constraints. The current code uses SLSQP, which might get stuck in local minima. Let me think about how to structure the problem more effectively.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of the convolution, perhaps we can use a dual optimization approach. Instead of directly minimizing the max, maybe introduce variables that represent the maximum value and try to minimize that. But how to translate that into an optimization problem.

Wait, the objective function is the max over k of the convolution. So if I can find a way to minimize this max, that would be better. However, convex optimization is difficult here because the max of a set of functions is not convex unless the functions are convex, which I don't think they are.

Another angle: the integral ∫h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx is equivalent to the sum over all x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) multiplied by dx. Since h is a step function with n samples, maybe there's a way to model this as a matrix multiplication or use some symmetry.

But given the time constraints, maybe I should try a different optimization approach. For example, using a coordinate descent method, or a more efficient gradient-based method with better exploration.

Wait, the initial code uses a perturbation schedule with noise, which might be helpful but could be too slow. Maybe reducing the perturbation size as we proceed could help, but maybe starting with a larger perturbation and then narrowing down is better.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach would allow exploring the search space more efficiently. However, implementing that within the time constraints might be complex, especially with the given libraries.

Another thought: the previous code uses an initial guess based on initial_h_values. Maybe there's a better starting point, or perhaps generating a different initial guess could lead to better results. For example, instead of a step function, perhaps creating a more evenly distributed pattern.

Wait, the initial_h_values may not be optimal. If I can create a better starting point, that could help the optimization. For example, if the initial_h_values have clusters of 1s and 0s that are too close together, that might increase the overlap. So, perhaps creating an initial guess where the 1s are more evenly spread out could be beneficial.

But how to generate that? Maybe using a regular spacing, like placing 1s at intervals of 2/n_points, but ensuring that the total area is 1. For example, if n_points is even, placing 1s every 2/n_points, but that might not exactly sum to 1. Alternatively, using a sawtooth pattern where the function increases over the interval, but that might not be optimal.

Alternatively, perhaps using a random initial guess with some structure. But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to say.

Let me consider the optimization approach. The current code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe the problem is that the objective function is non-convex, and the method gets stuck in local minima. So perhaps trying a different optimization algorithm, like using a genetic algorithm or a particle swarm optimization, could help. However, those methods might be slow, and scipy doesn't have a built-in genetic algorithm.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient gradient-based method, but with adaptive step sizes or different starting points.

Wait, the code uses a perturbation approach where each iteration adds noise to the current best solution. However, maybe a better approach is to do a grid search or random search over a certain hyperparameter space. But given the time, that might not be feasible.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h has a certain symmetry. For example, if the function h is periodic or has a repeating pattern, that could help in balancing overlaps. For instance, if h is a periodic function with period larger than the shift k, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a covering problem: the overlap between h and 1-h for any shift k should be as small as possible. So, h should be as spread out as possible.

Another approach is to look for a function h that is a spline or has certain properties that minimize the maximum overlap. However, without a clear mathematical formulation, it's challenging.

Let me think about the existing code. It uses the initial_h_values, applies perturbations, and tries to optimize. The issue might be that the initial guess is not good enough. Maybe generating a better initial guess could help. For example, using a more even distribution of 1s and 0s.

Let's consider using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might be a specific construction. If I can create a different initial guess, perhaps with more evenly spaced 1s, that might be better.

However, the problem says that the initial_h_values are provided when a parent construction exists, and we should reference it directly. So if there's an initial_h_values, we can use that. But maybe generating a different initial guess could be better.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial guess is already good, and the problem is the optimization method. So, perhaps optimizing with a different method, like using a different optimization algorithm, or adjusting the parameters.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP with perturbations, maybe using a more global optimization method. For example, using simulated annealing, but that might be too slow.

Alternatively, using a more efficient gradient descent approach. But how to compute the gradient of the objective function?

The objective function is the max over k of the convolution. The gradient with respect to h would be tricky, but perhaps for each h, we can compute the gradient numerically.

Wait, the objective function is the maximum value of the convolution. The maximum is a non-differentiable function, so gradient-based methods might not work directly. However, if we can find the k that gives the maximum, then we can compute the derivative of that particular term.

This might be possible. Let's think: for a given h, compute the convolution, find the index where it's maximum, and then compute the derivative of that specific term with respect to h.

This would allow using gradient-based optimization, but it's more complex.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be reframed. Since the overlap integral depends on the value of k, perhaps we can model this as a game between two players: one trying to minimize the maximum overlap, and another trying to maximize it for a given h.

But again, this is abstract. How to translate that into an algorithm.

Alternatively, using a problem-specific heuristic. For example, if the overlap is high for certain shifts, perhaps adjusting the h to reduce that overlap. For instance, if for a certain shift k, the integral is high, maybe we can decrease h(x) where it overlaps with 1-h(x +k), but ensuring the sum constraint is maintained.

This sounds like a greedy approach. But how to implement it effectively.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution has the property that for any shift k, the integral is the same. If that's possible, then the maximum would be minimized. However, constructing such a function is non-trivial.

But if we can't find such a function, maybe focusing on balancing the integrals across different shifts.

Alternatively, using a numerical approach with more advanced optimization techniques. For example, using a multi-start optimization with different initial points, or using a Bayesian optimization to explore the space.

But given the time constraints and the need to fit into the code, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code by making it more efficient.

Looking at the previous code: it uses SLSQP with perturbations. The problem might be that it's too slow or not exploring enough. Maybe trying a different optimization method, like using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients but can handle constraints.

Alternatively, using the COBYLA method, which is another derivative-free optimization method suitable for bounds and constraints.

Let me think about the previous code's hyperparameters. The code runs for a max_iter of 30, with noise_scale decreasing by 0.95 each iteration. The initial guess is perturbed with noise, and then the optimizer tries to minimize the objective. However, maybe increasing the number of iterations would help, but it's constrained by the budget.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the current best solution, perhaps doing a random search over the parameter space, but that's probably not efficient.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: start with a random initial guess, optimize for a few steps, then do a perturbation-based search.

But the main issue might be that the previous approach isn't exploring enough of the search space. So, perhaps using a different starting point would help.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a known construction. If I can generate a different initial guess, like a more even distribution of 1s, that might be better. For example, perhaps using a step function that has 1s in intervals, spaced out evenly.

But how to create such a function. Let's say we have n_points samples. To spread out the 1s, maybe we can sample them at positions that are as far apart as possible. For example, using a greedy algorithm to place 1s such that each new 1 is as far as possible from the existing ones. This would be similar to a sphere packing problem.

Alternatively, for the initial guess, create a step function that has 1s in positions that are evenly spaced. For example, if the total area is 1, then the number of 1s would be n_points/2. So, for each sample, if it's in the first half of the interval, set to 1, else 0. But this might not be optimal. However, this could be a different starting point.

But given that the initial_h_values are available, and the code uses them, perhaps generating another initial guess is not allowed unless there's no parent construction. Wait, the problem says: "If no parent construction was announced, create a starting vector under a different name." So if there's a parent construction, refer to initial_h_values. Otherwise, create a new one.

But in this case, the initial_h_values are provided. So the code uses them. So maybe the previous approach is stuck in a local minimum. So, what if we generate a different initial guess? For example, instead of using the initial_h_values, maybe create a different one.

But the problem says to use initial_h_values when available. So perhaps the code should proceed as is, but with some modifications.

Let me consider the current code. The main issue might be that the optimization is too slow or not exploring enough. So perhaps increasing the number of iterations, but that's limited by the time budget. Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method.

Another idea: using the SLSQP method but with better settings. For example, adjusting the tolerance, or using a different solver.

Alternatively, maybe using a different objective function. Since the objective is to minimize the maximum of the convolution, perhaps we can use a penalty method where we minimize the sum of the convolutions, but that might not capture the maximum well.

Another thought: Perhaps the problem is that the current code evaluates the max of the convolution each time, which is expensive. Maybe precomputing the convolution and finding the maximum is slower than just taking the maximum. But with numpy's correlate function, it's efficient enough.

Wait, in the current code, the objective is to compute the max of the convolution. To optimize this, maybe we can find the k that gives the maximum and focus on that. For example, if we can find the k that's the worst case, then optimize for that. But how to find that k.

In practice, for the code, the convolution is computed for all k, then the max is taken. So that's O(n^2) for the convolution, but with numpy it's optimized.

Alternatively, perhaps the code can be modified to compute the maximum convolution value for each h, then use that as the objective. That's what the current code does.

Another approach: instead of using a fixed number of perturbations, use a more adaptive strategy. For example, use multiple starting points and track the best among them.

But given the time constraints, this might be challenging.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe switching to a different solver, like COBYLA, which handles bounds and constraints well.

Let me think: the COBYLA method is a derivative-free optimization algorithm that can handle bounds and constraints. It might be more suitable for this problem, especially if the objective function is non-convex.

So modifying the code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP. That might allow better exploration of the search space.

Another point: the previous code uses a fixed noise scale, but decreasing it over time. However, for some problems, a higher noise scale might be needed for exploration. Maybe adjusting the noise scale in a different way, or using a larger initial noise scale.

Additionally, the current code uses a loop with max_iter=30. But if the budget allows, perhaps increasing the number of iterations, but the budget is 100 seconds. So how long does each iteration take? It depends on the optimization.

Alternatively, maybe using a different approach for the initial guess. For example, generating a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint. But the problem says to use the initial_h_values when available. However, if it's not available, we can generate one.

But given that the initial_h_values are available, we should use them. However, maybe the code can start with the initial guess and then explore nearby regions.

Another idea: use a more sophisticated optimization algorithm, like the basin-hopping method, which combines local optimization with random perturbations. But scipy's optimize doesn't have a basin-hopping implementation. Wait, scipy.optimize.basinhopping is available. Let me check.

Yes, scipy.optimize has a basinhopping method, which is a global optimization algorithm that uses a local optimizer to find the minimum, and then perturbs the solution to escape local minima. This might be better for our problem.

So, the plan is to replace the current optimization approach with the basinhopping method. This would allow exploring the search space more thoroughly, avoiding getting stuck in local minima.

So, modifying the code to use basinhopping. Let's outline the steps:

1. Define the objective function as before.
2. Use basinhopping to search for the minimum of the objective function, with constraints.
3. The basinhopping method would take the initial guess and perform a series of local optimizations with random perturbations.

But the problem is that basinhopping is designed for unconstrained optimization, or can it handle constraints? The current problem has a constraint on the sum of h. So we need to integrate the constraint into the optimization.

Alternatively, since the constraint is that the sum is fixed, we can use a method that enforces this constraint. For example, during the basinhopping steps, we can ensure that the perturbations maintain the sum constraint.

But how? Well, perhaps during each perturbation, we can adjust the h values to maintain the sum. For example, if we add noise to the current solution, then renormalize to meet the sum constraint.

Alternatively, during the basinhopping steps, the perturbations are done in such a way that the sum remains fixed. However, this complicates the implementation.

Alternatively, use the constraints within the optimization. For instance, the basinhopping method can have a local optimizer that respects the constraints.

But the basinhopping method in scipy does not directly handle constraints. So this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, using sequential local optimizations with constraints. For example, for each basin-hopping step, we perform a local optimization with constraints, and then perturb the solution.

But given the complexity, perhaps it's better to use the existing approach but refine it.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, like the SLSQP with adjusted parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance.

Another approach: the previous code runs for 30 iterations, with decreasing noise. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or allowing more noise in the early stages could help.

Alternatively, trying a different initial guess. For example, using a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint, then using the basinhopping method.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to switch to using the basinhopping method with constraints.

But how? Since basinhopping is for unconstrained problems, perhaps we can reparameterize the problem to have a constraint.

Wait, the sum constraint can be incorporated as a constraint in the local optimizer. So for each local optimization step in basinhopping, we can use SLSQP with the sum constraint. That way, the local optimization would respect the constraint, and the perturbations would be done in the vicinity.

But implementing this would require modifying the basinhopping steps.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP optimizer within basinhopping. But I'm not sure if scipy.optimize.basinhopping can be combined with constraints. Let me check.

The basinhopping function in scipy.optimize takes a function to minimize, and a local minimizer. The local minimizer is typically scipy.optimize.minimize. So, perhaps we can use the SLSQP method with the constraint in the local minimizer.

So, the plan is:

- Use scipy.optimize.basinhopping to minimize the objective function.
- For each local minimization step, use SLSQP with the sum constraint.
- The perturbations in basinhopping would be random, but the local optimizer would handle the constraint.

This might be more efficient than the previous approach with a fixed number of iterations and noise.

So, modifying the code to use basinhopping:

First, define the basinhopping function with the local optimizer as SLSQP with the sum constraint.

But how to handle the constraint? Each time the local optimizer is called, we can have it with the constraint.

But the basinhopping method will take the initial guess and apply a perturbation, then call the local optimizer.

So, in code:

from scipy.optimize import basinhopping

def run(...):
    ...
    def objective(h_values):
        # as before
    # initial guess is initial_h_values
    # define the local optimization function
    def local_minimizer(x0):
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=x0,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        return result.x

    # then call basinhopping with this local_minimizer
    result = basinhopping(objective, initial_guess, niter=..., ...)

But the basinhopping function requires a function to minimize and a local minimizer. However, the basinhopping method is not straightforward to use with constraints directly. Also, the basinhopping might not be able to handle the constraints in its perturbations.

Alternatively, perhaps it's better to use a different approach, such as using a global optimization library, but given the constraints, it's not feasible.

Another idea: since the previous code uses a perturbation-based approach, maybe combining it with a more efficient local optimizer. For example, using a more sophisticated perturbation schedule and allowing more iterations.

Alternatively, using a larger number of iterations but with a more efficient optimization. For example, increasing the max_iter from 30 to 50, and adjusting the noise_scale.

But given the time budget, maybe this is manageable.

Another point: in the previous code, after each perturbation, the code calls optimize.minimize with the current perturbed_guess. But this might be slow. Perhaps using a more efficient method, like L-BFGS-B or another method, could speed this up.

Alternatively, using a different method, like COBYLA, which is a derivative-free method and can handle bounds and constraints.

Let me consider using COBYLA. It's suitable for problems with bounds and constraints. Let's modify the code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP.

So, changing the optimization method to 'COBYLA'.

But then, in the previous code, the perturbation steps are applied to the current best solution and then the COBYLA optimizer is used.

Alternatively, using the basinhopping method with the COBYLA local optimizer.

But again, the complexity of integrating constraints may be challenging.

Alternatively, perhaps using the existing code but with COBYLA instead of SLSQP.

So, changing the method to 'COBYLA' and seeing if that gives better results.

Another possible improvement is to use the fact that the problem is to minimize the max of the convolution. This is a convex problem if the max is replaced by a sum, but since it's a max, it's non-convex. However, the optimization can still be approached with numerical methods.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations, but maybe using a more adaptive approach, such as varying the number of iterations based on the progress.

Alternatively, using a different starting point. For example, generating a new initial guess by jittering the initial_h_values.

But given that the initial_h_values are available, and the code uses them, I need to proceed with that.

In summary, the possible improvements to the code are:

1. Use a more efficient optimization method, such as COBYLA or basinhopping.
2. Adjust the perturbation schedule to allow more exploration early on.
3. Increase the number of iterations or the budget for the optimization.
4. Use a better initial guess.

Let me try implementing the basinhopping approach with the local optimizer as SLSQP.

However, I'm not sure how to integrate the constraints with basinhopping. Alternatively, use the previous approach but with more iterations and a better perturbation strategy.

Another idea: when using the SLSQP optimizer, maybe the constraints can be better handled by using a more precise tolerance. For example, setting ftol to 1e-10 and eps to 1e-9.

But the previous code already has these settings.

Alternatively, using a different way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the convolution for each h_values and finding the maximum.

But that's what the code does.

In conclusion, perhaps the best way to proceed is to reuse the previous approach but modify it to use the basinhopping method. However, since I'm not sure how to integrate constraints with basinhopping, I'll fallback to using the current method but with some adjustments.

Maybe increasing the number of iterations and allowing larger perturbations early on.

Alternatively, using a different perturbation schedule, such as exponential decay instead of linear.

Let me modify the previous code:

- Increase the number of iterations.
- Adjust the noise scale to start larger and decay more slowly.
- Try using the COBYLA method.

Here's the revised code:

In the code, replace the loop with basinhopping or use a more efficient optimization.

But given the complexity, let's try to stick with the previous approach, but with a better optimization method.

Let me try using the COBYLA method in the optimize.minimize call.

Thus, in the code:

result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )

This would allow the optimizer to use COBYLA, which might be more efficient for bound-constrained problems.

Additionally, adjusting the noise scale: maybe using a smaller initial noise scale, or allowing a few larger steps early on.

Another possible adjustment is to use a different perturbation strategy, like randomly swapping values in h to increase diversity.

But given time constraints, I'll try implementing this revised approach.

So, putting it all together:

The code will use the initial guess, apply perturbations with a decreasing noise scale, and use COBYLA for optimization.

Let me also increase the number of iterations, say to 50.

But need to make sure that the total time is under 100 seconds.

Now, let's write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    import os
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    max_iter = 30
    noise_scale = 0.05
    for iter in range(max_iter):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)
        
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
        
        noise_scale *= 0.95
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```