Okay, so I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by any k. The current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and I want to get it down to 0.3807 or better.

Looking at the previous approach, it used a gradient-based optimizer (Adam) with a hand-crafted gradient approximation. The issue is that this gradient method might get stuck in local minima, especially since the problem is non-convex. The algorithm might not be exploring the solution space effectively.

Hmm, maybe using a different optimization strategy would help. Evolutionary algorithms are good at escaping local optima by exploring various solutions. So, using a genetic algorithm (GA) could be a better approach. GAs maintain a population of candidates, allowing for a diverse exploration of the solution space.

The main problem with GAs is computational cost, but since the time budget is 600 seconds and the solution size isn't too big (n=70), it should be manageable. I'll need to design the GA with selection, mutation, and crossover operations tailored to the constraints of h.

For the representation, h is a vector of 70 points, each between 0 and 1, with the sum constraint. The GA must ensure these constraints are met during operations. Mutation can involve small random changes to each element, followed by normalization. Crossover would combine two parent solutions while preserving the sum constraint.

The fitness function is straightforward: compute the maximum overlap as before. The selection process will prioritize solutions with lower overlap, but also maintain some diversity to prevent premature convergence.

I should start the GA with an initial population. If an initial_h_values is available, it can serve as one of the initial candidates. Others can be generated randomly or based on some heuristics, like spreading the 1's evenly to minimize overlap.

I need to structure the GA with clear steps: initialization, fitness evaluation, selection, crossover, mutation, and replacement. Each step must handle the constraints properly. For example, after mutation or crossover, the sum might be off, so normalization is essential.

Considering the time constraints, the population size should be balanced. Too large and it will take too long; too small and it might not explore enough. Let's aim for a population of 50-100 individuals, adjusting based on how quickly the optimizer runs.

Termination will happen when the time budget is exhausted or when the best solution doesn't improve for a set number of generations. This ensures that the algorithm doesn't get stuck and keeps making progress.

Finally, I should implement checks to ensure all constraints are met. After each mutation and crossover, clipping and normalization will enforce that each h[i] is between 0 and 1 and the sum is correct.

Putting it all together, the strategy involves:

1. Initialize a population with the given initial_h_values and random candidates.
2. Evaluate each candidate's fitness (overlap integral).
3. Use tournament selection to pick parents, favoring better candidates but allowing some diversity.
4. Perform crossover by averaging parent solutions and normalizing.
5. Apply mutation with Gaussian noise, followed by clipping and normalization.
6. Replace the worst candidates with the new offspring.
7. Repeat until time runs out or improvement stalls.

This approach should explore the solution space more thoroughly than gradient descent, potentially leading to a better upper bound for C₅.
</think>

<strategy>
1. Approach and rationale
The strategy uses an evolutionary algorithm (genetic programming) to explore the solution space beyond local optima. This is justified by the non-convex nature of the optimization problem, where gradient-based methods may fail to find the global minimum. Genetic algorithms maintain a population of candidate solutions, allowing for both exploration and exploitation of promising regions. The approach addresses the limitations of the parent's gradient method by sampling diverse solutions and applying selection pressures based on the exact objective function.

2. Mathematical specification
- Variables: h ∈ [0,1]^n, ∑h = n/2, n=70
- Objective: minimize C₅ = max_k (h ⋆ (1−h))[k] * (2/n)
- Operations:
  1. Population representation: Each individual is a valid h vector
  2. Fitness function: compute_c5_exact(h, 2/n)
  3. Selection: tournament selection with diversity preservation
  4. Crossover: average-based with normalization
  5. Mutation: Gaussian perturbation with constraint repair

3. Implementation procedure
1. Initialization
   a. If initial_h_values exists, use it as one individual
   b. Generate 49 additional random individuals meeting constraints
   c. For random generation, use h[i] = max(0, min(1, uniform + gaussian)) then normalize

2. Fitness evaluation
   a. For each individual, compute exact C₅
   b. Track best solution

3. Evolution loop
   a. While time remaining > 1s and no improvement for <1000 generations
   b. Selection:
      i. Randomly choose 10% of population for tournament
      ii. Select top 50% based on fitness
   c. Crossover:
      i. Pair top individuals, create offspring by averaging
      ii. Normalize to maintain sum constraint
   d. Mutation:
      i. Apply gaussian noise to offspring
      ii. Clip to [0,1] then normalize
   e. Replacement:
      i. Replace worst 20% of population with new offspring
      ii. Maintain best individual across generations

4. Termination
   a. Return best solution found within budget
   b. Check feasibility and fitness of final solution

4. Search choices and useful variations
- Population size: 50-100
- Tournament size: 10-20%
- Mutation rate: gaussian with σ=0.1
- Selection pressure: balance between elite and diversity
- Initial population: mix of random and structured seeds

5. Compute budget and robustness
- Fitness evaluation dominates compute time (O(n^2))
- Population of 50 with 1000 generations fits within budget
- Mutation ensures exploration, selection ensures exploitation

6. Validation and return contract
- Ensure all h constraints are met
- Check feasibility of final solution
- Validate exact C₅ computation matches evaluator
</strategy>