<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to improve the upper bound for C₅, which is the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant. The current best is around 0.38085, and my goal is to get even lower, like 0.380876. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution but maybe there's a better approach. 

First, I should understand the problem again. The task is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral over shifts is minimized. The overlap integral is max_k ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. 

The previous code starts with an initial_h_values and then uses various guesses like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random initializations. Then it applies SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. But maybe there's a better way.

Hmm, what are the possible improvements? Maybe using different optimization strategies, like Bayesian optimization or other global optimization methods. Or maybe a better initial guess. The previous approach might be getting stuck in local minima. Also, the code used a fixed number of points (n_points) but maybe varying n_points could help. But the problem says to prefer smaller n_points (under 1k) for speed.

Wait, the user mentioned that the previous code used n_points=45 (from the initial_h_values). Let me check: the initial_h_values is a global variable, which is probably the starting point. But I'm not allowed to copy its entries. So I need to create a different initial guess. Maybe using a more structured approach, like a periodic function with certain parameters.

Another idea: the overlap integral can be seen as the maximum of the convolution of h and 1-h. To minimize this, maybe the function h should be designed to have balanced overlaps. For example, a function that is periodic with certain symmetry. 

But how to model this. Maybe using a multi-frequency approach. Like, combining multiple sine waves or other functions. Or perhaps using a different parametrization of the function h. For example, instead of a step function, maybe a piecewise constant function with specific intervals.

Wait, the problem states that h is a step function, which in the context of the problem is represented by n_points samples. So the actual function is piecewise constant, with the steps defined by the samples. So the optimization is over the values of h at each point, under the integral constraint.

The previous code used methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe a better approach is needed. Since the problem is a constrained optimization problem, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. Also, the current code uses multiple initial guesses and then refines them with SLSQP. Maybe combining with other techniques.

Another thought: the overlap integral is a convolution. So, for each shift k, the integral is the integral of h(x) over [0,2] multiplied by (1 - h(x +k)), but considering the overlap between the intervals. To minimize the maximum over k, perhaps the function h should be designed such that it's "spread out" in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

For example, using a function that is symmetric and has certain periodicity. Maybe a combination of multiple pulses with different frequencies, ensuring that the shifts don't cause significant overlaps.

Alternatively, maybe using a function that is a combination of sine waves with different frequencies and phases to create a more uniform distribution. This could lead to a lower maximum overlap.

But how to translate that into code. Perhaps using a parametrized function with parameters that can be optimized. For example, a function h(x) that is a sum of sinusoids, but since h must be in [0,1], it needs to be clipped.

Wait, the initial code tried generating different waveforms (pulses, sawtooth, triangle) as initial guesses. Maybe trying more diverse initial guesses could help avoid local minima. But the code already tried a few.

Another angle: the current code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe using a more efficient local optimizer, or adjusting the constraints. Also, the differential evolution might be too slow for high n_points. But since the user prefers smaller n_points, perhaps using n_points=100 or 200 could be manageable within the 100s budget.

Wait, the code uses n_points as the length of initial_h_values. If the initial_h_values has 45 points, then the code uses that. But maybe changing the n_points (e.g., increasing it to 100) might allow for a better solution, but the user says smaller n_points are preferred. However, the previous code might have been using 45, but perhaps trying n_points=100 could be better. But I'm not sure. The problem says to prefer sequences with less than 1k samples, so better to keep it small.

Another idea: the optimization problem can be rephrased. Since the integral ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx is the same as the integral over x where h(x) and (1 - h(x + k)) overlap. To minimize the maximum over k, perhaps the function h should be as uniform as possible, but with the integral constraint.

But how to model that. Maybe using a function that has a certain regular structure. For example, spacing the steps evenly in the interval [0,2], but that might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a function that has equal parts of 0 and 1, but arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap too much. For example, dividing the interval into regions where h(x) is 1 and 0, arranged to minimize the maximum overlap.

Wait, the integral of h is 1, so the area under h is 1 over [0,2]. For a step function, that means the total length of the intervals where h(x)=1 is 1. So the function h is 1 on some intervals and 0 elsewhere, with total length 1. The goal is to choose the positions and lengths of these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted.

This seems similar to the problem of scheduling or placing intervals to minimize overlap when shifted. But how to model this in terms of optimization.

But since the function is a step function, each h[i] corresponds to the value at that point. The challenge is to choose these values (0 or 1, or in between) to satisfy the integral constraint and minimize the maximum overlap.

But given that the code uses a step function, perhaps the optimization is over the positions of the 0s and 1s. However, the previous code seems to use a continuous optimization over the h[i] values, allowing them to vary between 0 and 1, not just 0 or 1. So maybe it's a smoother version of the step function.

But perhaps, considering that the optimal h could be piecewise constant, with certain values, the code might be better with a different approach. For example, using a genetic algorithm that evolves the positions of the intervals.

Alternatively, using a different optimization strategy, like Bayesian optimization with a surrogate model. But that might be complex to implement within the time constraints.

Another thought: the previous code uses a lot of different initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses, especially ones that are more structured. For example, using a combination of periodic functions with different frequencies and phases. Or using a multi-layered approach where the function is composed of multiple segments.

Another angle: the overlap integral can be written as the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). This is equivalent to the inner product between h and a shifted version of (1 - h). The maximum over k would be the largest such inner product.

To minimize this maximum, the function h should be chosen to be "balanced" in some way, perhaps with a Fourier transform approach. The Fourier transform of h and (1-h) could be considered. But integrating over k, and the maximum over k could be related to the convolution.

But I'm not sure how to apply this directly. However, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the solution should have a certain spectral property.

Alternatively, the problem can be viewed as a game between h and the shift k. The goal is to make h such that for any shift k, the overlap is small. 

This reminds me of the concept of "universal" functions in Fourier analysis, but not sure.

Another approach: the problem is related to the minimum maximum correlation. Maybe using a function that has low correlation with its shifts, which is similar to the concept of Barker codes or other sequences with low autocorrelation. 

For instance, in the case of binary sequences, minimal correlation is a known problem. Maybe trying to construct a function h that is similar to such sequences. However, since this is a continuous function, it's more complex. But perhaps using a binary function (0 or 1) with certain structure.

But the previous code allows h to take any values between 0 and 1, not just binary. So maybe a better approach is to find a function that is a combination of binary pulses arranged to minimize overlap when shifted.

But how to optimize that. Maybe using a probabilistic approach, like a Markov chain Monte Carlo, but that might be too slow.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method. Maybe adjusting the parameters of the optimization, like the tolerance or the maximum number of iterations, to get better convergence.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed set of initial guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses, for example, using different frequency combinations. Also, perhaps trying different patterns such as sine waves with different phases, or random patterns with specific properties.

Wait, the previous code uses a function gen_random() which creates a random sample and scales it to meet the integral constraint. But maybe generating random samples with a certain structure, like placing intervals in a way that they don't overlap too much when shifted.

Alternatively, using a simulated annealing approach to explore the space of possible h functions, which can escape local minima. However, implementing simulated annealing within the code may be complex and time-consuming.

Another possible improvement: since the overlap is maximized over k, which ranges over the real numbers. However, in practice, the maximum is achieved for certain discrete values of k. But for the numerical computation, the code uses the full convolution, which gives the full result. 

Wait, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the cross-correlation of h and (1 - h). The maximum of this product is then scaled by dx (the step between points) to get the integral. However, in reality, the maximum over k is the maximum of the integrals over all possible shifts. But when using a discrete h with n_points samples, the correlation is computed over the sampled points, so the maximum is estimated for shifts that are integer multiples of dx. However, the exact maximum could be achieved at some other shift, but this is a numerical approximation.

Therefore, the current approach is an approximation, and finding a better h that minimizes this approximate maximum could lead to a better upper bound.

So, the key is to find a h that, when shifted, creates the least overlap in the integral. The previous code tries various functions but may not be sufficient. 

What if we try to construct h as a combination of several pulses, arranged in a way that their shifts do not overlap much. For example, using a set of pulses spaced out. But since the integral is 1, the total length of pulses is 1 over [0,2]. So, for example, if there are m pulses, each of length l, then m*l = 1. The spacing between pulses could be chosen to minimize overlap when shifted.

But this is a very rough idea. Let's think of a case with two pulses. Each pulse would be of length 0.5, and spaced apart. When shifted, the overlap would depend on how far the pulses are. However, if the pulses are spaced more than 1 unit apart, then shifting them by smaller amounts would cause overlaps. This seems tricky.

Alternatively, using a function that is periodic. For example, a function that is 1 for intervals of certain length and 0 otherwise, arranged periodically. However, due to the integral constraint, the period would need to be adjusted.

But how to translate this into code. For example, using a multi-sine function that creates a periodic pattern. 

Wait, the previous code already tried generating sine pulses, sawtooth, etc. Maybe trying more complex patterns. For example, using a function with multiple frequencies, such as a combination of sine waves, leading to a more complex shape that could minimize overlaps.

But again, this is a bit vague. How to turn this into code.

Another idea: maybe using a mathematical model for the optimal h. For instance, the optimal h would have a certain shape that minimizes the maximum convolution. If we can find the optimal shape analytically, that would be great, but it's likely difficult.

Alternatively, using a numerical approach that samples the function h at multiple points and uses a genetic algorithm to evolve better solutions. However, this might be too slow for the given budget.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the maximum iterations or adjusting the tolerance could help, but that might not be sufficient.

Another angle: the code uses a DE (differential evolution) with a certain population size. Maybe adjusting the parameters of DE, like the mutation and crossover rates, could lead to better results. For example, using a higher mutation rate to explore the search space more thoroughly, but that might also increase computation time.

But the problem states that the code must complete within 100 seconds, so balancing between exploration and exploitation is crucial.

Another thought: the current code uses multiple initial guesses and then refines them with SLSQP. Maybe combining this with more powerful initial guesses. For example, using a combination of binary and continuous functions, or using a more structured initial guess based on theoretical insights.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to proceed. However, the previous code's initial_h_values might be a good starting point. Maybe trying to improve upon that by using more sophisticated optimization steps.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided as a global variable. The previous code uses it as the first guess. Maybe the initial_h_values is a good starting point, but there's room for improvement. For example, applying some transformations to it, such as adjusting the positions or lengths of the intervals.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different starting point, like a more uniform distribution. For example, a function that is 1 on intervals of equal length, spaced in a way that minimizes overlap when shifted.

In the case of a uniform distribution, the function could be made of intervals of length 0.5, placed every 1 unit. But this might not be optimal.

Another idea: using a function h that is 1 on intervals that are spaced evenly apart, but with different lengths. For example, alternating between longer and shorter intervals to distribute the overlap. However, this is just a rough idea.

Alternatively, using a function that is designed to have zero overlap when shifted by certain amounts. For example, if h is a set of intervals arranged such that shifting by half the interval length causes no overlap. But this is quite specific.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to try to improve upon the previous code by using a better optimization strategy. For example, using Bayesian optimization with surrogate models, which is more efficient than random guessing or differential evolution.

But implementing Bayesian optimization requires a lot of code and might be complex. Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimizer with better parameters.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with ftol=1e-10. Maybe lowering the ftol or increasing the maximum iterations could allow for better convergence. Also, using different initial guesses might lead to better results.

Another possible improvement is to use a different initial guess. For example, instead of using random samples, using a structured initial guess that is more likely to lead to a good solution. For example, a function made of several pulses spaced out in a non-uniform way.

Alternatively, trying to generate initial guesses that are more regular. For instance, using a function that is 1 on intervals with certain spacing. For example, placing pulses at positions that are spaced to minimize overlap when shifted.

But how to generate such a function. Perhaps by placing pulses in a way that their centers are spaced more than a certain distance apart. For example, if the pulses are of length l, then spacing them more than l apart could reduce overlap when shifted.

But the exact implementation of this is tricky. Maybe using a Fourier series approach to construct a function that has desired properties.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, which is the same as the total area under the curve. If h is designed to have zero crossings, then maybe using a function that is a combination of positive and negative parts. But since h must be in [0,1], that's not applicable.

Hmm, I'm stuck on generating a better initial guess. Maybe the best approach is to modify the previous code's optimization strategy. For example, changing the method from DE to a different global optimizer, or using a hybrid approach.

Alternatively, using a different way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a sine function with certain parameters. The code already tried some, but maybe expanding the range of parameters or adding more types of functions.

Another possibility: the previous code uses a fixed number of guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, etc.), but maybe generating more guesses, especially ones that are more complex or have different frequencies. For example, using multiple frequencies combined.

Alternatively, using a function that is the sum of multiple sinusoids, clipped to [0,1]. This could allow for more flexibility in shaping h to minimize overlap.

But how to implement that. Let's think. For example, generate a function h(x) as the sum of several sine waves, each with different frequencies, amplitudes, and phases, then clip the result to [0,1]. This would create a more complex shape that could potentially minimize the overlap integral.

However, this would require more parameters to optimize. For example, if I use two sine waves with different frequencies and phases, then the function h would have more degrees of freedom. But with the integral constraint, this can be managed.

But implementing this in code would require generating such functions as initial guesses, which could be done with the existing gen_sine, gen_pulses, etc., functions. The previous code already tried generating sine functions, so maybe expanding on that.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed set of guesses. Maybe generating initial guesses by varying the parameters of the existing functions. For example, varying the frequency and duty cycle of the sine wave generator to create more diverse initial guesses.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to modify the existing code to adjust certain parameters. For example, increasing the number of initial guesses or changing the way they are generated.

Alternatively, focusing on the refinement phase. The current code applies SLSQP refinement multiple times. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or adjusting the optimization parameters could lead to better results.

Another idea: the optimization problem is convex? Probably not, because the objective function is the maximum of several integrals, which may not be convex. Hence, using a local optimizer like SLSQP might get stuck in local minima. Hence, multiple initial guesses are needed to explore the space.

So, perhaps the code could be improved by using more diverse initial guesses. For example, generating more waveforms, or using a different pattern each time.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to proceed. Given the constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code by adjusting the initial guesses and the optimization parameters to see if it leads to better results.

For example, in the previous code, the guesses are generated with frequencies from 3 to 9, but maybe trying higher frequencies? Or varying the duty cycles and phases more.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess like a non-uniform distribution, where the pulse intervals are spaced in a way that reduces overlap.

But without a better idea, I'll proceed to modify the previous code by improving the initial guesses and the optimization steps.

So, the plan is:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.

2. Generate more diverse initial guesses, such as more types of waveforms, varying frequencies, duty cycles, and phases.

3. Use a combination of optimization methods: DE for global search, followed by SLSQP for local refinement.

4. Adjust the parameters of these methods to allow more iterations and better convergence.

5. Increase the number of initial guesses to explore the search space more thoroughly.

6. Refine the solution through multiple iterations of optimization to find the best possible C₅ value.

Thus, the code will include:

- More initial guess functions.

- Adjusted parameters for the optimization methods (like larger population sizes, more iterations, etc.)

- Possibly using different optimization methods or combining them.

But given the time budget, I need to make sure that the code runs within 100 seconds. The previous code already has a DE step and SLSQP steps, but perhaps a better combination.

Another idea: instead of using DE for all initial guesses, use a different approach, like a genetic algorithm, which might be more efficient. However, scipy does not have a built-in genetic algorithm, so that's not feasible.

Alternatively, increasing the number of DE generations or using a different mutation strategy.

So, in the code, the DE step is called three times, with a break if time is up. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for DE could help, but it might take more time.

Another possible change: using a lower tolerance for DE to explore the search space more, then refine with SLSQP.

In summary, the modifications to the code would involve:

- Expanding the initial guesses by generating more types of waveforms or varying parameters.

- Adjusting the optimization parameters to allow more thorough exploration.

- Increasing the number of refinement steps.

- Possibly using different optimization methods.

Now, translating this into code. The previous code has a 'guesses' list that includes various waveforms. To expand this, perhaps generating more sine waves with different frequencies and phases, or adding more waveform types.

For example, adding a diamond-shaped waveform, or other shapes.

Also, the code uses gen_random() which generates random guesses. Maybe generating more random initial guesses would help, but the previous code already does that.

Another change: in the refinement phase, increasing the number of times the SLSQP is applied.

Alternatively, starting with a better initial guess, like the initial_h_values.

But since the user wants to avoid getting stuck in local minima, it's important to have diverse initial guesses.

Thus, the code will generate more initial guesses by varying the parameters of existing functions, and then refine them.

Now, writing the code with these changes. For example, in the guesses list, adding more functions like:

- Different frequency ranges for pulses and sawtooth.

- More duty cycle variations.

- More sine functions with different phases and frequencies.

This would allow for a wider range of initial guesses, potentially leading to a better solution.

Additionally, the code can adjust the DE parameters, such as increasing the number of iterations, to explore the search space more thoroughly.

Another possible optimization is to use a better initial guess. For instance, the initial_h_values is provided, but if it's not the best, generating a better initial guess could help.

But without knowing the initial_h_values content, it's hard to say. However, the code uses it as the first guess, and the user's previous code achieved a C₅ of 0.381142. The goal is to get it lower.

In conclusion, the revised code will focus on generating more diverse initial guesses and using a combination of optimization methods with adjusted parameters to achieve a better result.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(np.abs(np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_sine(freq, phase, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x + phase)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 15):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.4))
    for phase in np.linspace(0, 2*np.pi, 20):
        guesses.append(gen_sine(5, phase, 0.6))
    for _ in range(15):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=30,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 400, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```