<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the goal is to get even lower, like 0.380876 or better. The previous code used a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP optimization starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, let's understand the problem. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that integrates to 1 and minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by k. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over all shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The challenge is to find such an h with the smallest possible value of this maximum.

The previous code used a random initial guess and tried several patterns, then refined them with SLSQP. But maybe we can do better by using different optimization strategies or better initial guesses. Also, considering that the previous code had some issues with time constraints and maybe not exploring the search space effectively, perhaps a more efficient algorithm or a different approach would help.

One thought: the problem resembles a two-point correlation in signal processing. The overlap integral is essentially the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h. So maybe there's a way to model this as an optimization problem with constraints and use more advanced optimization techniques.

Another idea: the problem is similar to designing a function with low autocorrelation, which is a common problem in coding theory. Perhaps using techniques from that area, like using a periodic function with low correlation, might help. For example, using a function with multiple pulses or a specific structure that minimizes overlapping.

But since the problem is in the interval [0,2], maybe breaking the interval into smaller segments and arranging the function's steps to minimize overlap. For instance, if the function h is a series of pulses spaced in such a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more structured initial guess. The previous code tried pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe trying more structured patterns, like combining several pulses or using a more optimal spacing between the steps.

Another angle: the integrals can be approximated as Riemann sums, so maybe the discrete problem can be approached with convex optimization. However, the objective function is non-convex because of the maximum over all k. So, it's a non-convex optimization problem. Thus, gradient-based methods might get stuck in local minima, so more global optimization strategies might be needed.

But given the time constraints (100 seconds), using a global optimization method like differential evolution might be too slow, especially for a large number of points. However, since the previous code used n=45 points (from initial_h_values), maybe the current n_points is 45. But the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe using fewer points (like n=30) would allow more efficient optimization.

Wait, the previous code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values). The initial_h_values is given as a starting point. The problem says that smaller sequences are better. So perhaps starting with a smaller n_points, like n=32 or n=64, could help in terms of computation time.

But how to choose the initial guess? The initial_h_values might not be optimal. Maybe generating a better initial guess based on some theoretical pattern. For example, if we can find a function that's periodic and has certain symmetry, it might help reduce the maximum overlap.

Another approach: the problem is similar to the concept of a "greedy" algorithm. Maybe we can construct the function step by step, ensuring that adding a new step doesn't increase the maximum overlap. But this seems vague and may not be feasible numerically.

Alternatively, maybe using genetic algorithms. The differential evolution approach in the previous code is a form of evolutionary algorithm, but perhaps tweaking the parameters (like population size, mutation rate) could improve performance.

Another thought: the current approach uses a fixed set of initial guesses (like pulse, sawtooth, etc.), but perhaps generating more diverse initial patterns could help explore better solutions. For example, varying the number of pulses, duty cycles, frequencies, or other parameters could generate a broader set of candidates.

Also, the previous code uses SLSQP refinement on each guess. Maybe combining multiple optimization methods, like first using differential evolution for global search and then SLSQP for local refinement, could be effective.

But considering the time budget, it's important to balance between exploration and exploitation. Spending too much time on a single refinement could miss better solutions elsewhere.

Another idea: using a grid search over certain parameters, such as the number of steps, spacing, widths, etc., could be useful. However, grids are not feasible for continuous parameters. Instead, using Latin hypercube sampling or other sampling methods might help.

Alternatively, could we model the problem as a quadratic programming problem? The overlap integral is the maximum over k of a certain integral, which is linear in h, but the max makes it non-convex. So, perhaps using a convex relaxation by assuming that the maximum is achieved at a certain k, then optimizing for that k. But this could lead to suboptimal solutions.

Wait, perhaps the maximum is over all k, but for the purpose of optimization, we can approximate it by evaluating it over a finite set of k values. For example, if the function h is piecewise constant with n points, then the optimal k would be such that x + k lies in the same interval as x. Therefore, k could be in the range of -2 to 2, but discretizing k into steps corresponding to the grid of h.

But the previous code uses the full correlation, which for a step function would have many peaks. However, the maximum of the full correlation might not be the same as the maximum over the actual shifts. But since the integration is over the real line, maybe we can approximate the maximum by considering shifts that align the intervals.

This seems complicated, but perhaps the key is to focus on the shifts that lead to the highest overlaps. For example, if the function h is a series of pulses spaced periodically, then shifting by multiples of the period might lead to high overlaps.

Another observation: since the integral of h is 1, the average value is 0.5. Therefore, the function h is a density function that's 0.5 on average. The overlap integral measures the maximum correlation between h and 1-h when shifted. The lower the maximum, the better.

Maybe trying to make h as "spread out" as possible, so that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much with itself. For example, if h is a periodic function with high frequency, then shifting it might cause it to not overlap as much. However, due to the integral constraint, the function can't be too sparse. So there's a trade-off between frequency and the number of steps.

Now, thinking about the code structure. The previous code starts with initial_h_values, which is given. The user says that if initial_h_values is available, we should use it directly. So we can assume that the code will have access to that variable. The code then generates several initial guesses using generate_pattern with different frequencies and duty cycles. Then, it runs differential evolution on each of these guesses, then local optimization with SLSQP.

But maybe the initial guesses could be more diverse. For example, generating multiple pulse patterns with varying parameters, or combinations of different shapes. Also, perhaps using a more efficient method for the initial search.

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a multi-objective optimization approach where we try to minimize multiple shifts at once. However, this may complicate the optimization.

Another idea: instead of using correlation for all k, maybe precompute a set of critical shifts where the overlap could be maximized. For instance, the shifts that align the parts of h where it is 1 with the parts where 1-h is 1. For example, if h is 1 on some interval, then shifting by the length of that interval would make 1-h be 1 in the same position, leading to a high overlap. Therefore, perhaps the optimal shifts are those that align the intervals where h is 1. So, to minimize the maximum overlap, we need to arrange the intervals so that their shifts don't overlap too much.

Thus, perhaps the function h should be designed such that the intervals where h is 1 are spread out in a way that shifting them by certain amounts doesn't lead to significant overlaps. For example, arranging the intervals in a non-uniform fashion, or using a pattern that has low autocorrelation.

This suggests that the problem may relate to designing sequences with low autocorrelation, similar to the concept in radar and communication systems. For example, binary sequences with low autocorrelation (like Barker codes) are used for minimizing interference. However, in this case, it's not binary but a function over [0,2] with integral 1.

But how to translate this into a function h. Perhaps using a sequence of pulses spaced in such a way that their shifts don't overlap. For example, using a piecewise constant function with pulses spaced periodically but with varying widths to reduce overlap.

Another approach: since the integral is 1, the total measure of the intervals where h(x) = 1 must be 1. So, for example, if there are m intervals, each of length l_i, sum l_i = 1. Then the function h is 1 on those intervals and 0 otherwise. The overlap integral for a shift k would be the sum over all intervals of the length of their intersection with the interval shifted by k. But since h(x) is 1 on those intervals and 1 - h is 1 on the complement, the overlap integral for shift k is the measure of the intersection between the intervals of h and the complement intervals of h shifted by k.

But this seems complicated. However, this simplifies the problem to choosing intervals in [0,2] such that the maximum overlap (over k) of the intersection between h's intervals and (1 - h)'s intervals shifted by k is minimized.

But how do we model this? Perhaps for a given number of intervals, the problem reduces to placing them optimally. For example, if we have n intervals (each with length l_i), the total length is 1, and the goal is to arrange them so that shifting them by any k doesn't cause too much overlap.

This seems like a combinatorial optimization problem, but with continuous variables. However, it's not clear how to convert this into an optimization problem.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the previous approach of using differential evolution and then SLSQP refinement is still viable, but we need to optimize the parameters and the way we generate initial guesses.

Another point: the previous code uses a for loop to generate guesses with different frequency and duty cycle patterns. Maybe generating more such patterns, or varying them more, could help. For example, trying different numbers of pulses, different distributions (like uniform, random, etc.), or combining different types of patterns.

But how to generate these patterns efficiently? Using functions like generate_pattern with different parameters. For example, varying the number of pulses by adjusting the frequency. For instance, higher frequencies could lead to more pulses, which could potentially spread out the intervals more.

Also, considering that the initial_h_values may not be optimal, perhaps generating initial guesses that are more spread out or have lower correlation. For instance, using a random pattern with a certain number of steps, or a pattern that's more symmetric.

Another idea: using a more efficient optimization algorithm. The previous code uses differential evolution (DE), which is a global optimizer, followed by SLSQP for local refinement. Maybe using a different global optimizer, like genetic algorithms (GA), or Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO), could be more efficient for this problem. However, GA may be slower. Or perhaps using a combination of methods.

Alternatively, using Bayesian optimization to guide the search for initial guesses. However, this requires more complex implementation and may be time-consuming.

Another thought: the current code runs differential evolution on each initial guess, which may be time-consuming. Maybe it's better to run the DE once on a diverse set of initial guesses and then refine the best candidate with SLSQP. This would reduce the number of DE runs and focus on refining the best solution.

But how to generate a diverse set of initial guesses. For example, creating several pulse patterns with different pulses per interval, sawtooth patterns, random patterns, etc. Also, using the initial_h_values as one of the guesses.

Also, considering that the problem has a discrete nature (since h is a step function with n_points samples), perhaps using a more efficient initialization based on the given initial_h_values. For example, perturbing the initial_h_values slightly to explore nearby solutions.

Now, considering the code structure, the previous code uses initial_h_values, generates guesses, runs DE on them, then SLSQP refinement. The code could be modified to:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generate additional initial guesses based on some patterns (e.g., more pulses, different duty cycles).
3. Run DE on these guesses, and then refine the best solution with SLSQP.

But perhaps the code can be optimized by using a few better initial guesses and not generating too many guesses. Also, the DE parameters (like population size, mutation, etc.) can be adjusted to speed up the process.

Another idea: since the problem involves maximizing the correlation, which is a non-convex function, the initial guess is very important. The previous code's initial_h_values may not be the best, so generating a better initial guess could lead to better results.

For example, instead of using the initial_h_values, maybe creating a pattern where the function h is non-uniformly spread out. For instance, using a pattern with equal-length intervals spread out as much as possible. Or using a pattern that's similar to a sine wave modulated to create low autocorrelation.

But how to create such a pattern algorithmically. For instance, using a function that's a periodic step function with certain properties.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is 1, the average is 0.5. So, perhaps the function is a combination of intervals where it is 1 and 0. The maximum overlap would be the maximum area where a shifted version of h is 1 and the original is also 1.

To minimize this, we need to arrange the 1's in h such that shifting them by any k doesn't cause too much overlap.

This is similar to the concept of a code with the maximum correlation minimized, like in coding theory. For example, in binary codes, the maximum autocorrelation is minimized. However, the exact analogy here is unclear.

But if we can model this as placing intervals (where h is 1) such that the overlap when shifted is minimized, then perhaps this is similar to packing intervals in [0,2] with certain constraints.

For example, placing intervals in such a way that the distance between any two intervals is large enough. However, the total length of the intervals is 1, so there's a trade-off between the number of intervals and their spacing.

If we have more intervals, they can be placed closer together, but the overlap may increase. Conversely, fewer intervals spaced farther apart may reduce overlap but might not satisfy the integral constraint.

This suggests that there is an optimal number of intervals to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, if we have more intervals, the individual intervals are smaller, but the chance of overlap when shifted may increase.

But how to determine this computationally? It's not clear, but perhaps the previous code's approach of using a fixed number of intervals (based on the initial_h_values) is not optimal. For example, the initial_h_values may already use a certain number of intervals, and changing that number might lead to better results.

However, the code must work with the given initial_h_values, which has n_points=45 samples. But the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. So perhaps using a smaller n_points, like n=32 or n=64, might be better.

But how to adjust the code to use a smaller n_points. Let's assume that the initial_h_values has n_points=45, but we can use a different n_points. However, the problem says that the initial_h_values are available, and the code should reference it directly. So, perhaps the initial_h_values is given with a certain n_points, say 45, but the code may choose to use a smaller n_points by resampling or creating a new initial guess with fewer points.

But according to the rules, we must use the initial_h_values directly, so perhaps the code will have to work with the n_points of the initial_h_values.

But the user says that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. So, maybe reducing n_points could help. But the initial_h_values might have a certain n_points. For example, if the initial_h_values is of length 45, and we can use it as the starting point, perhaps generating a smaller version by downsampling or other methods?

However, the problem says that the code should be written as a function called run, which returns (h_values, c5_bound, n_points). The initial_h_values is provided as an input. So, perhaps the code should start with the initial_h_values and use that as the basis for generating a better solution.

But how to proceed. The previous code tried to use several initial guesses based on patterns. Perhaps the next step is to create a more diverse set of initial guesses and optimize them more effectively.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is sensitive to the placement of 1's in h, maybe the function should be designed to have a certain structure, like a periodic function. For example, using a function that is a periodic step function with a certain period.

For example, if we have multiple pulses spaced periodically, the overlap when shifted by the period would be zero. But the total length of the pulses must be 1. So, if we have m pulses each of length L, then mL = 1. The spacing between pulses would affect the overlap when shifted.

But this requires careful calculation. For example, if the period is T, and the pulses are spaced periodically, then shifting by T would align the pulses perfectly, leading to high overlap. To avoid this, the pulses should be spaced in a way that their shifted versions don't overlap. This is getting complex, but perhaps using such a pattern could lead to lower C5.

However, implementing this in code requires generating such a pattern. For example, using a function that generates pulses with certain spacing.

Another approach: the previous code uses a fixed set of initial guesses, but perhaps generating more initial guesses with different parameters could help. For example, varying the frequency and duty cycles for pulse, sawtooth, and triangle patterns.

So, to improve the previous code, perhaps the following steps can be taken:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Generate additional initial guesses with various patterns (different frequencies, duty cycles, etc.).
3. Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters to explore the search space more effectively.
4. Refine the best solution found with SLSQP.
5. Possibly use more advanced optimization techniques like Bayesian optimization or other global methods.

But given the time constraints, the previous code's approach may be the most feasible. However, there's room to improve the generation of initial guesses and the optimization parameters.

Another observation: in the previous code, the function generate_pattern is used to create different kinds of waveforms. However, the parameters for frequency and duty cycle are not varied enough. For example, varying the frequency beyond 9 or the duty cycle beyond some values might lead to better patterns.

But increasing the number of patterns could lead to slower execution. So, perhaps a balance between the number of patterns and the computational budget is needed.

Another idea: considering that the overlap integral is maximized for certain k, perhaps the maxima occur at integer multiples of dx. So, instead of computing the full correlation, we could evaluate it only at specific k values that correspond to the grid points of h. This would reduce the computational load.

But how to determine which k values to evaluate. For example, the maximum could occur when k is an integer multiple of dx, since h is a step function. Thus, the correlation at these points may capture the maximum overlap.

But this is an approximation and might not capture all possible maxima, but it would reduce the number of evaluations needed. However, this is a trade-off between accuracy and computational efficiency.

However, in the current code, the maximum is computed as the maximum of the full correlation, which is accurate but computationally expensive. If we can approximate this by evaluating only a subset of k values, it could save time.

Alternatively, the code can use a fixed set of k values to evaluate the overlap, such as all possible shifts that correspond to the positions of the step function.

But this is getting too abstract. Perhaps the key is to enhance the initial guesses and the optimization process.

In conclusion, to improve the previous code, I can:

- Generate a more diverse set of initial guesses with different parameters.
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP to improve convergence.
- Use the initial_h_values as one of the guesses and perturb it to explore nearby solutions.
- Possibly reduce the number of points (n_points) to allow faster computation.

Now, translating this into code. The code must be efficient, fit the constraints, and return a tuple (h_values, c5_bound, n_points). The code must use the initial_h_values, and not copy its entries. 

I'll proceed with the previous code structure but add some modifications. For example, generate more initial guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles, and adjust the DE parameters to run faster. Also, using a different initial guess based on the initial_h_values, perhaps by slightly altering it.

Another consideration: in the previous code, the guesses are generated with certain frequencies and duty cycles. Perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses or varying them more could help. For example, adding more pulse patterns with different numbers of pulses, varying duty cycle, etc.

Additionally, the previous code uses a for loop over frequency and duty cycles. Maybe generating more patterns by varying frequency and duty cycles more carefully.

But to keep the code concise and efficient, I'll focus on generating a few more initial guesses and optimizing the DE and SLSQP steps.

Another idea: since the previous code uses np.random.rand to generate random initial guesses, perhaps using a more structured random pattern, like a random distribution of the pulses with certain constraints.

But given time constraints, I think the best approach is to take the previous code and make the following changes:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses to cover more possibilities.
2. Use a more aggressive differential evolution with parameters adjusted for faster convergence.
3. Use SLSQP refinement with tighter tolerances.
4. Possibly use a smaller n_points if feasible, but ensuring that the initial_h_values is used.

But since the initial_h_values is given, and the code must use it directly, the n_points is fixed. However, the user says that smaller sequences are better. If the initial_h_values has n_points=45, maybe generating a better solution with the same n_points is better than increasing n_points.

But in the previous code, the initial_h_values is used as the starting guess. So the code may proceed with that.

In code:

- Generate more initial guesses with different parameters.
- Run DE with adjusted parameters (like lower population size, fewer iterations).
- Refine with SLSQP more times.

Another potential improvement: the previous code evaluates the correlation for the full array, which may be computationally heavy. However, for n_points=45, the full correlation is manageable. So perhaps no optimization here.

Now, implementing these changes into the code. For instance, increasing the number of initial guesses by adding more parameters, adjusting the mutation rate in DE, and using a better refining process.

Another point: in the previous code, after generating the initial guesses, it runs DE on each, then SLSQP. This could be time-consuming. To optimize, perhaps run DE on fewer guesses, but with more refined parameters, and then spend more time refining the best solution.

Alternatively, use a hybrid approach where the best solution of the initial guesses is refined with more iterations of SLSQP.

In conclusion, the code will be modified to generate more diverse initial guesses, adjust optimization parameters, and refine the best solution more thoroughly.

But given the time, I'll proceed to write the code accordingly, ensuring it follows the constraints and fits within the token limit.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def generate_pattern(freq, duty, type_func, offset):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        if type_func == 'pulse':
            wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
            wave = (wave + 1) * duty / 2
            wave = np.clip(wave + offset, 0, 1)
            return wave
        elif type_func == 'saw':
            return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty + offset, 0, 1)
        elif type_func == 'triangle':
            return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty + offset
        else:
            return np.random.rand(n_points) * duty + offset

    def slsqp_refine(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    def de_search():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=60,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 12):
        guesses.append(generate_pattern(freq, 0.5, 'pulse', 0.0))
        guesses.append(generate_pattern(freq, 0.5, 'saw', 0.0))
        guesses.append(generate_pattern(freq, 0.5, 'triangle', 0.0))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(generate_pattern(5, duty, 'saw', 0.1))
        guesses.append(generate_pattern(5, duty, 'triangle', 0.1))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(np.random.rand(n_points) * 0.5)

    for g in guesses:
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        try:
            h_opt = de_search()
            h_opt = slsqp_refine(h_opt)
            c = obj(h_opt)
            if c < best_c5:
                best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
        except:
            pass

    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```