<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. So, my goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The previous approach uses differential evolution and SLSQP refinement, but maybe I can improve on that.

First, I should think about the problem. The overlap integral is defined as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1, and h(x) is between 0 and 1.

The previous code starts with initial_h_values (which is a 45-point array) and then uses a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP to refine. But maybe there's a better way. Let me consider some strategies.

One idea: perhaps using a more structured approach than random guesses. The initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe I can generate more structured patterns. For example, using periodic functions or more optimal arrangements.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points). Maybe using a larger n_points could give better results? But the problem says to prefer smaller sequences with less than 1k samples. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so maybe a moderate size like 100 points is acceptable.

Wait, the previous code uses 45 points. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for more detailed optimization. However, increasing the n_points would increase the computational cost. But since the budget is 100 seconds, maybe it's manageable.

Another angle: the current code uses several initial guesses, including pulse, saw, and triangle waves. Maybe there's a better way to generate these initial points. For example, using more sophisticated patterns or combining different shapes.

But the main issue might be the optimization algorithm. The previous approach uses a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP. However, differential evolution might not be the most efficient here. Maybe using a different optimization method, like genetic algorithms or Bayesian optimization, could be better. But those might be more complex to implement.

Alternatively, perhaps I can use a more targeted approach. Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, which is similar to some optimal control or resource allocation problem. Maybe using dynamic programming or other structured methods. However, I'm not sure how to apply that directly.

Another idea: maybe the optimal function has certain symmetries. For example, maybe it's periodic or has a repeating structure. If I can model h(x) as a periodic function, that could reduce the search space. For example, maybe using a piecewise constant function with certain periods.

But how to model that? Let's think about the function h(x) over [0, 2]. If I divide this interval into intervals where h(x) is constant, maybe that's a way to structure it. But with the constraint that the integral is 1. For example, if h(x) is 1 on some parts and 0 on others, but that's probably not optimal.

Alternatively, maybe a function that has several segments where it's 1 for a certain duration, then 0, and so on. The key is to arrange these such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Another approach is to use the fact that the maximum overlap is the worst-case shift. To minimize the maximum, the function should be designed to have minimal overlap with all possible shifts. This is similar to a problem in signal processing where you want a signal to have minimal self-correlation.

In that context, maybe using a function that's aperiodic but has certain characteristics. But how to translate that into a practical approach for optimization.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum of the overlap, perhaps it's helpful to model the problem as a convex optimization problem. However, the overlap integral is nonlinear and non-convex, so convex methods may not be applicable directly. But perhaps using a convex relaxation or some approximation.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of samples (45) and then tries various patterns. Maybe generating more structured initial points, such as using a combination of different waveforms, could help escape local optima. Alternatively, using a more diverse set of initial configurations.

Wait, the previous code uses several patterns: pulses with different frequencies, sawtooth and triangle waves with different duty cycles. Maybe adding more patterns, like square waves, or combining different wave types, could be beneficial. Or maybe using a more informed set of initial configurations based on known optimal properties.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that is "balanced" in a certain way. For example, in the case of minimizing the maximum overlap, the function should be such that when shifted, it's not overlapping too much with itself. This might require that the function is spread out over the interval in a way that avoids prolonged regions where it's high.

Perhaps a better initial guess could be constructed by distributing the 1s in the function h(x) as evenly as possible. For example, a uniform distribution would have h(x) = 0.5 over the interval, but that might not be optimal. However, maybe a more optimal distribution could be created by placing the peaks of h(x) in such a way that they are as spread apart as possible.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is 1, the average value of h(x) is 0.5. So, maybe a function that has multiple segments where it's higher than 0.5 and lower than 0.5 in a balanced way.

But how to translate that into an algorithm? Maybe using a greedy approach where we try to place the segments of h(x) to avoid overlap when shifted. However, this could be complex to implement.

Another idea: since the current code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but perhaps combining it with local refinement steps could be more effective. For example, using differential evolution to explore the search space and then refining with SLSQP for local optimization.

But the previous approach already does that. Maybe adjusting the parameters, such as the population size in differential evolution, could lead to better results. For example, using a larger population might allow for more diverse exploration.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm, which is another global optimization method, could be tried. However, the code would need to be adjusted to handle that.

Another possibility is to use a gradient-based method with a better initialization. However, the problem is that the objective function is non-smooth and has multiple local minima, making gradient-based methods challenging.

Perhaps, instead of using a fixed number of samples, the code could try different n_points values. For example, starting with a lower number (like 45) and then increasing it if needed. But the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe sticking to a moderate size is better.

Alternatively, considering that the previous code uses a fixed n_points, maybe I can use a different approach to generate initial points. For example, creating an initial function based on some periodic structure, like a square wave with a certain duty cycle, but with parameters tuned to minimize the overlap.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided as a starting point. Maybe the initial_h_values is already a good candidate, but perhaps there's a way to improve it through optimization.

But the previous code uses that initial value as one of the starting guesses. However, maybe there's a way to generate a better initial guess.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed time budget. Maybe I can adjust the number of iterations or the search parameters to make better use of the time. For example, increasing the number of generations in differential evolution or the number of refinement steps.

But the problem is that the code needs to return within 100 seconds. So, I need to balance between exploration and exploitation.

Another idea: instead of generating random guesses, use a more informed approach. For example, using the initial_h_values and then applying some transformations to generate variations, like shifting, scaling, or adjusting duty cycles.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap is computed as the maximum of the correlation, maybe the function h should be designed to have minimal correlation with its shifted versions. This is similar to the concept of a "good" function in signal processing, where the autocorrelation is minimized.

In that case, maybe using a function that is designed to have minimal autocorrelation. For example, a function with a certain number of segments where it is high or low, arranged to avoid overlaps when shifted.

But how to translate that into an algorithm? Maybe using a constructive approach where we build the function h(x) step by step, adding segments to minimize the overlap.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more sophisticated optimization strategy, such as using a Bayesian optimization framework to explore the search space more efficiently. However, implementing Bayesian optimization might be complex and could be time-consuming, especially within the code constraints.

Alternatively, considering that the current code uses a brute force approach with multiple starting points, maybe the key is to improve the initial guesses. For example, generating more diverse initial points that are more likely to be near the optimal solution.

Wait, the previous code generates several patterns: pulses, saw, triangles, and some random ones. Maybe adding more patterns, such as sinusoidal functions or other waveforms, could help. Or using different frequencies and duty cycles to generate more varied initial guesses.

Another approach: the overlap integral is a max over k, so perhaps for each possible shift k, we need to ensure that the integral is minimized. This is a challenging problem as it's a maximin problem.

But how to handle that in optimization? Maybe by approximating the max function as a constraint, but that would complicate the problem.

Alternatively, since the max is over k, perhaps we can model the problem as a minimax problem, and use an optimization method that handles such problems. However, this might not be straightforward.

Looking back at the previous code, it uses a combination of differential evolution (which is good for global search) and SLSQP (which is good for local refinement). Maybe the key is to improve this approach by adjusting parameters or using a different strategy for generating initial guesses.

Another thought: the current code uses 45 points, but maybe using a different number of points could lead to better results. For example, trying larger n_points (like 100) might allow for a more precise function, but at the cost of increased computation time. However, since the budget is 100 seconds, maybe it's feasible.

Alternatively, maybe using smaller n_points is better. For instance, maybe 50 points would be sufficient to find a good solution, and the computation time would be manageable.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed initial_h_values. What if I can generate a better initial guess by varying some parameters of that initial function? For example, adjusting the duty cycle or the frequency of the pulses to create a different pattern.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial_h_values is a construction that can be modified by adding more regions where h is 1 or 0, to better spread out the function.

But without knowing the structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the problem states that the code should use the initial_h_values directly if available. So, the code can access it as a starting point and use it as one of the guesses.

Another approach is to use the initial_h_values as the starting point and then apply some transformations to it. For example, adding small perturbations, or using a different optimization method to refine it.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial_h_values is not the best starting point, and other initial guesses (like the random ones) might lead to better results. But the previous code already includes several generated patterns as initial guesses.

Another idea: the current code uses multiple guesses, but the refinement steps might be limited. Maybe the number of refinement steps could be increased to allow for more thorough optimization.

For example, the previous code has a loop that runs 10 refinement steps with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of steps could lead to better results, but the time budget might be a constraint.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method for the refinement steps. For instance, using a gradient-based method with a better initial guess.

But how to implement that? The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, so if the initial guess is good, it might find a better solution.

Perhaps the key is to find an initial guess that is close to the optimal solution. So, generating better initial patterns would help.

But how to generate such patterns? Maybe using some prior knowledge about the optimal structure of h(x). For example, if the function is composed of multiple overlapping intervals where h(x) is 1 or 0, arranged to minimize the overlap when shifted.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to a covering problem, where h(x) is designed to avoid overlapping with its shifted versions. This might require that the function has certain properties like being aperiodic or having certain gaps.

Another idea: the current code uses a full correlation calculation for the objective function. However, the correlation is computed over the full range of shifts. Maybe there's a way to approximate or handle this more efficiently.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum of the overlap integrals, perhaps it's possible to model this as an optimal control problem where the goal is to adjust the function h(x) to minimize the worst-case shift.

But how to translate that into code? It's unclear.

Another thought: the code could use a different optimization method for the initial exploration. For example, using a genetic algorithm, which is good for global optimization. However, implementing a genetic algorithm would require a different approach, as it's a population-based method.

However, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is similar to a genetic algorithm. Maybe adjusting the parameters of differential evolution, like the mutation and recombination rates, could lead to better results.

For instance, the previous code uses mutation parameters (0.5, 0.95), which may be too low or high. Maybe experimenting with different mutation rates could help.

Additionally, the number of generations in differential evolution could be increased, allowing for more exploration of the search space. However, this may take more time.

Alternatively, combining multiple optimization methods. For example, using differential evolution for a certain number of steps, then switching to SLSQP for refinement.

Another approach is to use the initial guesses more effectively. For example, using the initial_h_values and some generated patterns, but also trying to combine them in a way that creates more diverse initial points.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with different frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe expanding the range of frequencies or duty cycles could lead to more diverse initial points.

For example, trying frequencies like 2-10 instead of 3-9, or duty cycles from 0.1 to 0.9, could generate a better set of initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a more systematic approach to generate initial points, rather than random ones. For example, using a grid search over frequency and duty cycle values.

Another idea: since the problem involves integrating over [0,2], maybe the function h(x) should be designed to have certain symmetry or periodicity within this interval. For example, a function that repeats every certain intervals, making the overlap integral calculations more manageable.

But again, without knowing the structure of the optimal solution, it's hard to design such a function.

Considering all these thoughts, here's a possible plan for the code:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as the base.
2. Generate a variety of other initial guesses, such as different waveforms (sawtooth, triangle, square) with various frequencies and duty cycles.
3. Use a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP for optimization, with adjusted parameters.
4. Increase the number of initial guesses or vary the parameters to explore the search space more thoroughly.
5. Implement a more efficient refinement step, perhaps with more iterations or a better optimization method.

In terms of code changes, the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of generated patterns could help. For example, adding more frequencies and duty cycles.

Another thing: the previous code uses the differential evolution with a popsize of 150 and maxiter of 60. Maybe reducing the popsize to save time, but increasing the maxiter to allow more exploration. Or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Also, the SLSQP refinement step has a maximum of 100 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help, but again, the time budget is a constraint.

Another possible adjustment: instead of using differential evolution for all initial guesses, maybe use it for some, and SLSQP for others. Or use particle swarm optimization as another method.

However, given the time constraints, it's better to stick with the existing methods and try to optimize their parameters.

So, in the code, perhaps the following changes could be made:

- Increase the number of generated patterns to provide more diverse initial guesses.
- Adjust the parameters of differential evolution, such as increasing the mutation range or recombination rate.
- Increase the number of refinement steps with SLSQP.
- Use a more efficient way to generate initial patterns, maybe using a grid of frequencies and duty cycles.

Additionally, using the initial_h_values as the starting point is important. Maybe combining it with other generated patterns could lead to better results.

Now, considering all this, I'll proceed to write the code that implements these changes. The code will:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate additional initial guesses with varying frequencies and duty cycles for different waveforms.
- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters.
- Refine the best solution with SLSQP multiple times.
- Track the elapsed time to ensure it doesn't exceed the budget.

The key changes from the previous code would include:

1. Expanding the range of frequencies and duty cycles in the generated patterns.
2. Increasing the number of initial guesses.
3. Adjusting the parameters of differential evolution (like mutation and recombination).
4. Adding more refinement steps.

But since the code must be concise and fit within the token limit, I'll need to balance these changes without making the code too long.

In the previous code, the guesses list is built by adding various patterns. To make it more comprehensive, I can add more frequencies and duty cycles. For example, expanding the frequency range to 2-10 instead of 3-9.

Also, the random guesses can be replaced with more structured patterns, but given the time, perhaps keeping them as they are.

Another change: the previous code uses a fixed number of guesses. Maybe adding more guesses could help. For example, adding patterns for different wave types and parameters.

So, modifying the code to generate more patterns:

- For frequencies from 2 to 10.
- For duty cycles in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9].
- Generate pulse, saw, and triangle waves for each combination.

This would generate a larger set of initial guesses, which could lead to better exploration of the search space.

Additionally, adjusting the parameters of differential evolution:

- Setting mutation to (0.8, 1.0) to allow more variation.
- Increasing maxiter to 80 to allow more iterations.

Also, increasing the number of refinement steps with SLSQP.

But since the code must be concise, I'll have to balance these changes.

Another idea: the cost function is the maximum of the correlation. To accelerate the evaluation, perhaps precompute the correlation for certain shifts, but the code currently computes it for all shifts each time. However, given that the code is already optimized, this might not be necessary.

In code terms, the main changes are:

- Expanding the generated patterns to include more frequencies and duty cycles.
- Adjusting the parameters of differential evolution.
- Increasing the number of refinement steps.

So, here's the revised code:

The code will:

1. Start with the initial_h_values.
2. Generate various patterns with different frequencies and duty cycles.
3. Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters.
4. Refine using SLSQP multiple times.
5. Track time and return the best solution found.

Now, translating this into code, ensuring that it fits within the constraints.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def generate_pattern(freq, duty, type_func):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        if type_func == 'pulse':
            wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
            return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
        elif type_func == 'saw':
            return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
        elif type_func == 'triangle':
            return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
        else:
            return np.random.rand(n_points) * duty

    def slsqp_refine(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    def de_search():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 1.0), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 11):
        guesses.append(generate_pattern(freq, 0.5, 'pulse'))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.3, 0.5, 0.7, 0.9]:
        guesses.append(generate_pattern(5, duty, 'saw'))
        guesses.append(generate_pattern(5, duty, 'triangle'))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(np.random.rand(n_points) * 0.5)

    for g in guesses:
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        try:
            h_opt = de_search()
            h_opt = slsqp_refine(h_opt)
            c = obj(h_opt)
            if c < best_c5:
                best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
        except:
            pass

    for _ in range(20):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```