<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The previous code tried using SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe it's not optimal. Let me think about how to approach this differently.

First, the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap, which is equivalent to minimizing the maximum correlation between h and 1-h shifted by different k. The constraints are that h integrates to 1 over [0,2], and each value is between 0 and 1. 

The previous code starts from an initial guess and uses a combination of optimization methods. But maybe I can explore different initial guesses. The initial_h_values is given, but perhaps generating other initial guesses could lead to better results. Also, the current code uses differential evolution, which might not be the most efficient for this problem. Let me consider other optimization strategies.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model this as an optimization problem with constraints. The objective is to minimize the maximum value of the cross-correlation. However, maximizing the cross-correlation is tricky because it's a max over k. Maybe I can use a more structured approach.

Wait, the overlap integral is the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For k in a range, the integral depends on how h overlaps with its complement. To minimize the maximum of these integrals, the function h should be constructed in such a way that when you shift it, the area where it's 1 and the complement (1-h) is 1 is minimized.

One possible approach is to use a pattern that distributes the 1s and 0s of h in a way that reduces the overlap. For example, if h is periodic with certain frequencies, maybe that helps. The previous code tried generating pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe trying more complex waveforms or combining different shapes could help.

Alternatively, since the problem is about the maximum overlap over different shifts, perhaps the best h is a combination of multiple pulses that are spaced in such a way that their shifts don't overlap much. For example, using a set of pulses spaced at intervals that are not too close, so that their shifted versions don't overlap significantly.

Another angle: the problem resembles a covering problem. The function h(x) is 1 in some regions and 0 in others. When shifted, the overlap between h and 1-h should be as small as possible. So maybe a good h is one that is always 0.5 in some regions and 1 or 0 elsewhere, but that might not satisfy the integral constraint. Wait, the integral of h over [0,2] must be 1, so the average is 0.5. So perhaps a function that is 1 for a certain fraction of the interval and 0 for another, but that might not be optimal.

Alternatively, considering the problem in terms of Fourier analysis. The cross-correlation can be expressed as the integral of h(x) (1 - h(x +k)) dx. But I'm not sure how to apply Fourier techniques directly here, since the problem involves maximizing over k.

Maybe instead of using continuous functions, I can model this as an optimization problem with variables for the positions and widths of the pulses in h. For example, if h consists of several intervals where it is 1, then the overlap between these intervals and their shifted versions can be computed. However, with a large number of intervals, this becomes complex.

But since the previous code uses a discrete approach with n_points samples, perhaps I can improve the optimization by using more efficient algorithms or better initialization. The current approach uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a genetic algorithm or a more robust optimization method could find better solutions.

Wait, the previous code tried generating various initial guesses. Maybe I can generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, using different pulse patterns, or randomly varying the initial positions. Also, perhaps using a grid search over parameters for the waveforms could help find better starting points.

Another idea: the maximum overlap integral is the worst-case shift. To minimize that, the function h should be designed such that the maximum overlap across all shifts is minimized. This might be similar to a problem in signal design where you want a function that has minimal cross-correlation with itself, but here it's with its complement.

Perhaps using a randomized approach where we generate multiple candidate functions, each with different structures, and then optimize them. For example, generating functions with different numbers of pulses, varying their positions and widths.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, it's important to find a method that can efficiently explore the search space. The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe I can focus on a particular type of initial guess that might lead to better results.

Looking at the current best of C₅ ≤ 0.38085, the target is to find something lower. The previous program achieved 0.381142. So, we need to find a function where the maximum overlap is even smaller.

Another thought: since the integral of h is 1, and the function is over [0,2], the average value is 0.5. So, the function h is a binary step function (but it's a step function, not necessarily binary, but in the discrete case, they are samples between 0 and 1). To minimize the overlap, perhaps the function should be designed to have as much as possible of its 1s and 0s arranged such that when shifted, their overlapping regions are minimal.

This is similar to designing a binary sequence with low cross-correlation. In that context, known sequences like Gold codes or other spread-spectrum sequences have low cross-correlations. However, in this case, the function is not binary but can take any value between 0 and 1, but we're looking for a step function. Maybe a binary approach could be better here.

Alternatively, consider using a function that is 1 for a certain time interval and then 0, but adjusted so that the cross-correlation is minimized. For example, a triangular wave with a certain duty cycle. But I'm not sure.

Let me think about the structure of the previous code. It starts with the initial_h_values and then generates other initial guesses. The optimization uses SLSQP with constraints and differential evolution. However, maybe the key is to find a better initial guess. For example, if the initial_h_values is not optimal, perhaps starting from other patterns could lead to better results.

Alternatively, maybe the current approach is too slow. Using differential evolution with a large popsize might be too slow for the given time budget. Perhaps using a more efficient optimization method, such as Bayesian optimization or a more specialized algorithm, could help. But given the constraints, using existing libraries like scipy's optimization routines is necessary.

Another idea: since the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points), but the initial_h_values is of length 45, perhaps using a lower n_points could allow faster convergence. For example, using n_points less than 1k, like 50 or 100 points. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization.

Wait, the initial_h_values has 45 samples. The previous code uses that and then applies optimization. Maybe reducing the number of points would help. However, the problem says that the discretization is over [0,2], so the user might have a preference for certain n_points.

But given that the current code uses 45 points, perhaps trying a different number of points could be useful. For example, using a lower number of points where the optimization can run faster. However, the problem states that the user prefers smaller sequences, so maybe using n_points around 50 is acceptable.

Another approach is to use a more structured optimization. For example, instead of optimizing all parameters at once, perhaps parameterize the function h in a way that allows for more efficient optimization. For instance, if h is composed of a few pulses with certain positions and widths, then we can optimize those parameters. This way, the optimization space is reduced.

For example, suppose h is a sum of m rectangular pulses, each with a width w and position x_i. Then, the integral of h over [0,2] is equal to m*w = 1. But since the function is over [0,2], the positions and widths of the pulses must be chosen such that they fit within [0,2]. However, this approach would require ensuring that the pulses do not overlap too much when shifted, which might be complex.

Alternatively, using a set of pulses with certain spacing between them. For instance, if the pulses are spaced such that their shifts do not overlap much with their complement regions. For example, if the pulses are spaced at intervals of 2/(n), where n is the number of pulses, then when shifted, their overlap might be minimized.

But this approach is quite abstract. How can I translate this into a concrete optimization problem?

Alternatively, think of h as a binary mask. If h is binary, then 1-h is the complement, and the overlap integral is the area of intersection between the pulses of h and the complement. However, since the integral must be exactly 1, the total area under h is 1. So, for a binary function, h is 1 in some regions and 0 elsewhere. The total area is 1, so the measure of the regions where h is 1 is 1. The problem is then to select regions (intervals) where h is 1 such that the maximum overlap with their shifted versions is minimized.

This seems similar to a covering problem, where we want to place intervals to minimize the maximum overlap with the complement of their shifts. This might be a known problem, but I'm not familiar with specific results.

If I can find such a configuration, that would be ideal. For example, using four overlapping intervals spaced in a way that their shifts do not overlap much. But how?

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal solution is a function with a certain symmetry. For instance, using a pattern that repeats every certain interval. For example, a function that is 1 for a certain fraction of the interval and then repeats. However, this might not necessarily minimize the maximum overlap.

Another angle: since the overlap integral is correlated with the convolution of h and 1-h, perhaps the problem can be approached by minimizing the maximum value of this convolution. Since convolution is linear, maybe there's a way to use properties of the Fourier transform. However, the maximum over time shifts complicates things.

Alternatively, think about the maximum overlap as the maximum value of the convolution. So, the problem reduces to finding a function h such that the maximum of its convolution with 1-h is minimized. 

But again, how to model this in an optimization problem. Perhaps using the fact that the convolution can be written as the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. If we can find a function h that makes this integral as small as possible for all k, that would be ideal.

But how to approach this numerically. The previous code uses a discrete approach, optimizing over the sample points. However, maybe using a more efficient optimization strategy, such as a gradient-based method, could help. However, the problem is non-convex, so gradient-based methods might get stuck in local minima.

Another idea: instead of using a simplex-based optimization, perhaps use a different method. For example, using a genetic algorithm (GA) with crossover and mutation to explore the search space. However, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is also a population-based method. GA might be more suitable for this problem if it can handle the high-dimensional space efficiently.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model for the objective function and performing Bayesian optimization. However, this may require more complex setup and might not fit within the time budget.

Alternatively, consider that the problem has some structure. For instance, if the function h is periodic, then the convolution might have symmetries that can be exploited. But again, this is just a thought.

Back to the code. The current approach uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe I can improve the code by adjusting the hyperparameters. For example, in the previous code, the SLSQP has a maxiter of 300 and ftol of 1e-10. Maybe reducing the ftol or increasing the maxiter could allow better convergence. However, the time budget is tight, so I need to balance between exploration and computation time.

Another thing: the previous code generates a list of initial guesses, which may not be comprehensive enough. Maybe generating more varied initial guesses could help avoid local optima. For example, using different pulse frequencies, duty cycles, and phases. Additionally, incorporating randomized starting points could help the optimization find better solutions.

Wait, the previous code uses gen_random to generate random initial guesses. However, the gen_random function creates a random array, normalizes it to sum to target_sum, and then scales it. This could be improved by perhaps using a different distribution for the random initial values, such as a better way to generate distributions that are more likely to yield good solutions.

Moreover, the code uses multiple SLSQP optimizations after generating initial guesses. Perhaps the initial guesses are too similar, leading to similar results. So, generating more diverse initial guesses could be beneficial.

Another idea: perhaps the optimal h is a function that is symmetric in some way. For example, having a certain pattern that is mirrored in the interval [0,2]. This could help in ensuring uniformity in the overlap across different shifts.

Alternatively, using a combination of different waveforms. For instance, combining a triangle wave with a pulse wave. However, how to code that into the optimization?

Alternatively, trying to use a multi-stage optimization approach. For example, first using a coarse optimization to find a good starting point, then refining it with a more precise method. The previous code does this by first generating guesses and then refining them with SLSQP and differential evolution.

Perhaps the key to improving the previous code is to generate better initial guesses and then refine them more effectively. Additionally, adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods to allow for better exploration.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum value, perhaps it's possible to use a penalty method where the objective function includes the maximum value. However, since the maximum is not differentiable, this may require using a different approach.

Wait, the current code's objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. So, during the optimization, the code is trying to minimize that maximum. The way to achieve this is by using a constrained optimization where the cross-correlation for each shift is bounded, but that would be computationally expensive. However, the code currently uses the maximum as the objective function, which is correct.

But the optimization process may get stuck in local minima. So, using a more global optimization method like differential evolution could help, but as previously mentioned, the parameters need to be tuned.

So, in the code, perhaps the differential evolution step can be modified. For example, increasing the population size might allow for better exploration, but it could be time-consuming. However, given the time budget of 100 seconds, the number of iterations is limited.

Alternatively, reducing the number of iterations in differential evolution but using more accurate methods for refinement.

Another possible improvement is to use a different initial guess. For example, starting from the initial_h_values, but perturbing it slightly and then optimizing. 

But given that the user is encouraging me to explore different starting points, perhaps generating several different patterns and optimizing them could help. For example, using a combination of sine waves, pulses, and other functions with different parameters to create varied initial guesses.

Another angle: perhaps the optimal solution for C5 is known or close to some known bound. The current best is 0.38085, and the goal is to find something lower. The previous attempt achieved 0.381142, which is slightly higher. So, any improvement, even small, would be helpful.

To improve, perhaps I can adjust the code's initial guess generation. For example, using more sophisticated waveforms or combining different functions. Additionally, adjusting the parameters of the optimization steps to allow for better convergence.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 45 (since initial_h_values has 45 samples). Maybe trying with fewer points, like 50 or 100, could allow for faster computation, but it's uncertain if that would lead to better results. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred.

Alternatively, if I can find a way to use a different n_points, but the initial_h_values is likely pre-defined. However, the user says that "initial_h_values" is available and should be used directly. So, I can't change the number of points; it's fixed based on the initial_h_values.

Wait, the initial_h_values is a global variable that's provided by the user's code, but based on the problem description, the code should use it directly. So, the code should use the length of initial_h_values as n_points. So, the previous code uses 45 points, and the user is asking to improve that.

So, with that constraint, the code must work with that fixed n_points. Therefore, I need to optimize the function over 45 points, using the initial_h_values as the starting point.

Another idea: perhaps using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a hybrid approach where some steps use SLSQP for local refinement while others use global methods.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the key is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization steps. Let me think about how to enhance the code.

The previous code generates several different initial guesses, including pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and sine waves with varying frequencies and phases. Maybe adding more types of initial guesses could help. For example, using square waves with different duty cycles, or other periodic functions.

Additionally, for the random guesses, perhaps generating them in a smarter way. For instance, using a distribution that ensures that the values are more spread out, thus avoiding local optima.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses the 'full' mode of np.correlate, which returns the full cross-correlation. However, for the interval [0,2], when we shift h by k, the overlap integral is over x where both x and x + k are in [0,2]. So, perhaps the cross-correlation is computed over the relevant range. The current code may be computing all cross-correlation values, but the maximum could be in a specific range of k. However, since the problem requires checking all k, the code is correct in considering all cross-correlation values.

Another potential improvement: the code currently uses a fixed number of iterations for the SLSQP optimization, but perhaps allowing more iterations could improve the result. However, increasing the maxiter might consume more time. The previous code has maxiter=300 for SLSQP and 30 for DE. Maybe adjusting these parameters.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the refining step. For example, using a genetic algorithm for refinement may find better solutions.

But considering the time constraints, maybe it's better to stick with SLSQP and DE but optimize their parameters.

Another thought: the code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point, but perhaps this initial value is not the best. Maybe generating a different initial guess could lead to better results. However, the initial_h_values is provided by the system, so we can't change it. Unless the user allows for different initial guesses, but according to the problem statement, when initial_h_values is available, we should use it directly. So we can't change it.

So, perhaps the key is to improve the optimization process by using more diverse initial guesses and better parameter settings.

In the previous code, the initial guesses are generated with frequencies from 3 to 9, different duty cycles, and various phases. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or varying the parameters more could help. For example, adding more sinusoidal functions with different frequencies and phases, or other periodic functions.

Additionally, the code uses a 'de_guess' function which runs differential evolution and then SLSQP refinement. Maybe adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution, such as the mutation range, recombination rate, and population size, could lead to better convergence.

Another thing: the code's 'gen_pulses' function generates square wave-like functions with certain frequencies. Maybe generating these with more varied frequencies or duty cycles could help.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution has specific properties, like being a piecewise constant function with certain intervals. If we can model h as such and optimize the positions and widths of the intervals, that might be more efficient.

But how to code this? For example, suppose h consists of intervals where it's 1 or 0. Then, the function can be represented by a list of start and end points for each interval. However, this would require a different optimization approach, possibly with more structure.

But given the time constraints and the need for a code that fits within the 100-second budget, perhaps this is not feasible. Instead, sticking to the discrete approach with samples might be better.

Another idea: the code currently uses a fixed set of guesses. Maybe adding more guesses based on different functions could help. For example, using functions that are combinations of the previous ones, or functions with different characteristics.

Alternatively, using a more comprehensive search for the initial guesses, such as varying frequencies beyond the current range.

In conclusion, to improve the previous code, I can:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses by varying frequencies, duty cycles, and phases.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods (e.g., SLSQP maxiter, DE popsize, iterations) to allow better convergence.
3. Use a more efficient refinement process, perhaps by increasing the number of refinement steps or using different optimization methods.
4. Ensure that the initial guesses are varied enough to avoid getting stuck in local optima.

Now, translating these ideas into code. For example, increasing the number of generated initial guesses, tweaking the DE parameters, and ensuring that the refinement steps are sufficient.

Also, in the previous code, the refine function is called 10 times. Maybe increasing that number could yield better results. However, the time budget must be respected.

Another thing to consider: the code computes the maximum of the cross-correlation values, which is the objective. However, the cross-correlation is computed as np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full'), and the maximum is taken. The dx factor is multiplied to scale the result. So the code is correct in that aspect.

To summarize, the plan is to generate better initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence, and perform more thorough refinement steps. This should lead to a lower C5 value.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_sine(freq, phase, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x + phase)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 12):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.4))
    for phase in np.linspace(0, 2*np.pi, 15):
        guesses.append(gen_sine(3, phase, 0.6))
    for _ in range(15):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 400, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=30, maxiter=20,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```