<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for C₅, which is related to the Erdős minimum overlap problem. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral by choosing a step function h over [0,2] with certain constraints. The current best is around 0.38085, and the previous code tried using differential evolution and SLSQP refinement. But the user wants a different approach, maybe better optimization strategies or a new starting point.

First, the current approach starts with an initial_h_values (n=45 samples). The previous code uses differential evolution to find a good initial guess and then refines it with SLSQP. But maybe there's a better way to optimize. Let me think about possible improvements.

One idea is to use a different optimization algorithm. The previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimizer, but maybe a gradient-based method could be more efficient once we have a good starting point. However, since the problem is non-convex and has many local minima, we need a balance between exploration and exploitation.

Another thought is to use a more informed initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might not be optimal. If I can generate a better initial guess, that would help. For example, using a structured pattern like periodic or symmetric functions might lead to a better starting point. The current initial might be a random or some existing construction. But without knowing what initial_h_values is, I need to create a starting point. Wait, the problem says to use initial_h_values if it's available. So assuming that it's available, I can use that as the starting point. However, the previous code might be stuck in a local minimum. So maybe using a different starting point, like a different initial configuration, would help.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm or particle swarm optimization could be more effective. But the current code uses differential evolution, which is good for global optimization. Another approach could be to use a combination of strategies, like multiple initializations with different starting points.

Also, the problem allows for fewer samples, so maybe using a smaller n_points (like 100 or 200) would be faster. The current code uses n=45, but maybe increasing n could allow for a better approximation. Wait, the user says that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. So keeping n as low as possible, perhaps around 100 samples would be better.

But the previous code had n=45, which is already small. Maybe trying to use a different type of optimization, like a Bayesian optimization approach, but that might be more complex. Alternatively, using a more efficient implementation of the optimization steps.

Wait, the main issue in the previous approach is that the objective function is the max of the cross-correlation. This is a non-smooth function, which makes optimization challenging. Maybe using a different formulation. For example, instead of directly optimizing the max over the correlation, we could try to minimize each correlation value, but since they are interdependent, it's not straightforward.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, perhaps we can model this as a convex optimization problem with constraints. However, the max function is not convex, so it's tricky. But if we can find a way to approximate it or use a convex relaxation, that might help. However, the constraints are linear (the sum of h is fixed) and the objective is non-convex, so standard convex solvers might not apply here.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where we try to minimize the sum of the overlaps, but again, this is a heuristic and may not lead to the optimal solution.

Let me think about the numerical methods. The previous code uses differential evolution with a popsize of 150, which could be expensive. Maybe decreasing the population size or increasing the mutation parameters could lead to faster convergence. Additionally, the refinement step with SLSQP may be sufficient for local optimization, but perhaps more iterations or different settings could help.

Wait, the current code has a DE step followed by a few refinements. Maybe the DE is too slow. Also, the problem requires completing within 100 seconds. So maybe using a more efficient algorithm that can handle the problem better in that time frame.

Another approach could be to use a simulated annealing method, which can escape local minima but may be slower. However, with the time constraint, simulated annealing might not be feasible.

Alternatively, what if we use a gradient-based method with a good starting point? The problem is that the objective function is non-smooth. But maybe we can approximate the gradient using finite differences and use a quasi-Newton method. However, the max over the cross-correlation makes the function non-differentiable, leading to potential issues with gradient-based methods.

Alternatively, consider smoothing the objective function. For example, replace the max with a smoothed maximum function. This would allow for gradient-based optimization, but the smoothing might introduce some error. However, since the true objective is the max, the upper bound would be slightly worse, but could lead to a better feasible solution.

Another idea is to use a dual formulation. The maximum overlap integral can be seen as a maximization over k of the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. Since h is a step function, this integral can be broken down into intervals where h is constant. But I'm not sure how to exploit this structure.

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of the support of h. The function h(x) is in [0,1], and the integral of h is 1. So h(x) is like a probability density function over [0,2], but with a fixed integral. The overlap integral measures, for each shift k, the expected value of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). To minimize the maximum over k of this.

An optimal h would try to avoid having high values in overlapping regions. For example, if h is spread out such that its support is non-overlapping with itself when shifted by any k that could cause overlap. But since the interval is [0,2], and the function is over [0,2], the overlap would depend on the shift k. For example, shifting by k=1 would lead to overlapping regions.

So maybe the optimal h would distribute its mass in a way that any shift k leads to minimal overlap. For instance, a periodic function with certain properties. However, constructing such a function is challenging.

Another approach is to consider that the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to finding the worst-case shift k where h(x) and 1-h(x+k) have the highest product. So, the goal is to make h as spread out as possible to minimize the maximum product.

Inspired by this, perhaps using a piecewise-constant function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that the overlap is minimized. For example, a function that is 1 on intervals of length 1/2, then 0, and repeats, but this would have overlaps when shifted. But I need to think about how to arrange this.

Alternatively, the optimal h could be similar to a square wave but with a different periodicity. However, the exact form is not clear.

Given that the previous code used differential evolution, maybe the issue is that the DE has parameters that can be adjusted for better performance. For instance, the mutation parameters, recombination, and population size. Perhaps reducing the population size and increasing the number of iterations could help. But given the time constraint, perhaps it's better to optimize the parameters of the DE to make it faster.

Alternatively, using a different optimization library. The current code uses scipy.optimize, but maybe using a different solver, like using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with a good initial guess. However, since the objective is non-convex and non-smooth, the gradient-based methods might get stuck in local optima.

Another idea is to use a multi-start approach with different initial conditions. For example, starting from different initial h values, each time using DE or SLSQP to find a local minimum, then selecting the best one. However, this could be time-consuming.

Wait, the user's previous code uses a starting point of initial_h_values and then applies DE with some parameters. Maybe the initial_h_values is not optimal, and a better initial guess could be constructed. For example, using a construction that's known to perform well for similar problems.

But since the initial_h_values is provided, perhaps I can use that as a starting point. However, if that starting point is suboptimal, maybe generating a better one could help. For example, if the initial_h_values is a random or existing construction, perhaps there's a way to modify it.

Alternatively, think about using a different discretization. The current code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 45. Maybe increasing n_points to, say, 100 could allow for a better approximation. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for speed, so maybe not. But with 100 samples, each sample is 0.02 units apart. However, increasing n_points may allow for a more precise optimization, but might take longer to compute. So it's a trade-off.

Another idea: since the overlap is calculated using cross-correlation, maybe we can use some symmetry or periodicity in the function h to reduce the computational complexity. For example, if h is periodic with period 1, then some shifts would be equivalent, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is over [0,2], and the cross-correlation is over different shifts. The maximum k could be up to 2. So for each possible shift k in [0,2], the overlap is computed. To minimize the maximum of these values.

But how can this be approached? Maybe using the fact that the cross-correlation can be expressed as the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. For a given k, this integral depends on the overlap between h and the shifted version of h.

An alternative formulation: consider that for each k, the integral is the expected value of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) where x is uniformly distributed over [0,2 - k]. So, the goal is to find h such that this expected value is minimized for the worst-case k.

This resembles a game where h tries to minimize the maximum gain over any possible k. It's similar to game theory, where h is choosing a strategy to minimize the adversary's maximum gain.

In such scenarios, sometimes the optimal strategy is to use a periodic or structured pattern. For example, a function that is 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, arranged to maximize the spacing between 1s to avoid overlap when shifted.

But constructing such a function requires careful design. For instance, placing the 1s in intervals such that shifting them by any k doesn't cause overlap. However, since the domain is only 2 units long, this may not be possible. For example, if h is 1 on [0, 1], then shifting by 1 would overlap with [1,2], leading to an integral that's something like 0.5 * 0.5 = 0.25 for some part. But this is a rough example.

Alternatively, if h is a piecewise constant function with more intervals. Maybe using more points where h is either 0 or 1, spaced in such a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, placing the 1s in positions that are spaced apart enough to avoid overlap when shifted by any k.

But how to compute this? It's a complex combinatorial optimization problem.

Another thought: the problem resembles designing a code with certain properties. For example, in coding theory, you want codewords that are as far apart as possible. Here, the function h is like a codeword, and shifting it by different k's leads to overlaps. So, the goal is to design h so that the overlap is minimized.

But again, how to translate this into a mathematical formulation.

Returning to the initial idea, the code's current approach is using differential evolution followed by local optimization. Perhaps the way to improve this is to tweak the parameters of differential evolution and the refinement steps. For example, increasing the number of iterations in DE, or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization algorithm for the refinement step. The current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using another method like COBYLA or another bound-constrained method could be better.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions (each correlation for a different k), perhaps we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we minimize a variable, say c, such that for all k, the correlation is ≤ c. Then, find the minimal possible c. This is a more explicit formulation of the problem.

This would turn the problem into a minimax problem, which can be approached with some optimization algorithms. However, the number of k's is large, so the constraints could become computationally expensive.

But in the numerical implementation, the cross-correlation is computed as a single array (using numpy.correlate), which gives the correlated values for all k. The maximum of this array is the value we want to minimize. So, the constraints are that the cross-correlation values must be ≤ c, and we want to find the minimal c.

But how to model this with optimization? One way is to introduce a variable c and constraints that for each k, the correlation is ≤ c, and then minimize c. However, the problem is that the number of k's is large (for a grid of shifts), which makes this approach infeasible unless we can combine the constraints in a way that avoids checking all k's.

Alternatively, find the maximum correlation value numerically and minimize that. This is what the current code does, but it's a bit of a heuristic.

But this might not lead to a better optimization since it's still a non-convex problem.

Another approach is to use a random search with a smart initial guess. For example, generating random step functions but with certain properties, like varying the positions and widths of the intervals where h is 1, and then evaluating them. However, this might not be efficient given the time constraints.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm, which is good for global optimization but can be slower. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, maybe it's possible with some optimizations.

But considering that the previous code already uses differential evolution, which is a DE algorithm, perhaps the gains can be made by optimizing its parameters.

Wait, the previous code uses 'differential_evolution' from scipy.optimize with popsize=150, maxiter=50, mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9. Maybe adjusting these parameters to be more aggressive or less, depending on what's needed. For example, reducing popsize could speed up the code, but might worse convergence. Or increasing maxiter could help, but the user has a time budget.

Also, the refinement with SLSQP may not be the best approach. Maybe using a different solver, like the 'SLSQP' with more iterations or better settings.

Alternatively, instead of doing a global DE followed by a local refinement, maybe use a hybrid approach where multiple DE runs are performed with different parameters, and the best solution is selected. But again, the time is limited.

Another idea is to use a different initial guess. The initial_h_values might not be good. So perhaps generating a better starting point. For example, using a construction where h(x) is 1 on intervals spaced out in a way that minimizes overlapping. For example, placing the 1s on intervals that are spaced 1 unit apart, but since the domain is 2, this would mean that shifting by 0.5 would cause overlaps. But this is just a thought.

Alternatively, simulate the optimal function. Since the problem is similar to a covering problem, maybe the optimal h is such that its support is placed to avoid overlapping with itself when shifted. For example, placing 1 in intervals of length 1/2, spaced 1 unit apart. But the exact arrangement depends on the shifting.

But without knowing the exact form, it's hard to generate a good starting point. So perhaps sticking with the initial_h_values but tweaking the optimization parameters.

Another possible optimization is to precompute the cross-correlation for the current h and use gradient descent with a suitable step size, adjusting the h to decrease the maximum correlation. However, since the maximum is non-differentiable, this would require subgradient methods, which can be more complex.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model, like a neural network, to approximate the objective function and find minima. But this would require more code and time.

Considering all these possibilities, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and the refinement steps, trying different values to see if the code can find a better solution faster.

For example, in the previous code, the DE step is called with popsize=150 and maxiter=50. Maybe reducing the popsize to 50 or 100 and increasing the maxiter to 100 could help, but it depends on the algorithm's behavior.

Also, the mutation parameters (0.5, 0.95) might be too high or low. Maybe using a lower mutation range (like 0.5 to 0.8) could help with exploration.

Moreover, the initial guess could be improved by using a different starting point. For example, instead of the initial_h_values, generate a step function with certain properties. But since we are supposed to use the initial_h_values if available, we need to rely on that.

Another idea is to use a different optimization algorithm for the DE step. For example, using the 'bounded' method in differential evolution, but that's already what's being done.

Alternatively, after generating a set of candidates via DE, perform a cluster analysis and select the best cluster for refinement. However, this would complicate the code.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to optimize the existing code's parameters to improve convergence. For instance, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters, reducing the popsize to speed up, and increasing the number of refinement steps.

Another possible improvement is to use the 'L-BFGS-B' method for the refinement step with a good initial guess and some constraints, which might converge faster. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is also a constrained method.

In summary, the plan is to:

1. Keep the same general approach (DE for global search, SLSQP for local refinement).
2. Adjust the DE parameters (population size, maxiter, mutation range) to improve performance.
3. Increase the number of refinement iterations.
4. Possibly change the initial guess if possible, but use the given initial_h_values.
5. Ensure that the code runs within the 100-second budget.

Another possible optimization is to vectorize the computation of the overlap integral and avoid recomputing it multiple times. However, numpy's correlate function is already efficient.

Now, translating this into code. The previous code uses three DE steps and five refinement steps. Maybe reducing the number of DE steps but increasing the refinement steps could help. Or vice versa.

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations, but could use an early stopping criterion based on time or improvement in the objective function.

In the previous code, the time check is done in the DE loop and refinement loop. Maybe adding a check for the best_c5 and stopping early if no improvement is made for a certain number of iterations.

Alternatively, using a single DE run with more iterations and then refining.

Let me think about what parameters to adjust. For the DE:

- popsize: perhaps reducing it from 150 to 50 or 100 to save time.
- maxiter: increasing to 100.
- mutation: perhaps (0.5, 0.8) instead of (0.5, 0.95) to reduce mutation strength.
- recombination: 0.8 is standard.

For the refinement, increasing the maxiter from 100 to 200 could help, but the previous code has it as 100.

Also, in the initial code, the loop runs for 3 DE steps and then 5 refinement steps. Maybe increasing the number of DE steps to 5, or reducing the number of refinement steps and increasing the number of DE steps.

Another idea: instead of using DE multiple times with the same parameters, use it once with a larger population and more iterations, then refine once. But the previous code uses DE multiple times with different starting points.

Another possible optimization is to use the 'bounds' in the DE step more effectively, maybe by adjusting the bounds or using a better initial guess from the refinement steps.

Also, the initial_h_values may be a good starting point, but if it's not, perhaps generating a different initial setup would help. But since we can't do that, we have to rely on the provided initial_h_values.

Another possible improvement is to use a different method for the refinement step. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method instead of SLSQP, but that's more of a guess.

Considering all these possibilities, the revised code would focus on optimizing the DE parameters and the refinement steps. Here's how the code could be modified:

- Reduce the population size of DE to 100 to save time.
- Increase maxiter to 100 to allow better exploration.
- Adjust mutation parameters to (0.5, 0.8) for better control.
- Increase the number of refinement steps.
- Allow the code to run more iterations of DE and refinement within the budget.

Another point: the previous code uses a time-based stopping condition. To maximize the usage of the budget, maybe the code can allow more iterations in the DE loop, especially if the initial refinement steps are effective.

Putting this all together, here's the plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Perform differential evolution with adjusted parameters.
- Refine the result using SLSQP with more iterations.
- Track the best solution over time and return it.

Thus, the code would be similar to the previous one but with tweaked parameters to speed up and improve convergence.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def de_step():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=100, mutation=(0.5, 0.8), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-8)
        return res.x

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    initial_h = h.copy()
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_step()
        h_opt = refine(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```