<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. The existing code uses a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP optimization, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better approach.

Let me think about the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by k. The overlap integral is computed as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx over [0, 2]. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1.

The previous code uses a random initial guess and explores various patterns (pulse, saw, triangle) with different frequencies and duties. Then applies differential evolution and SLSQP to refine. But perhaps this is too slow or not effective enough. Maybe I need a smarter approach.

First, considering the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, which is similar to a covering problem. Maybe using a more structured pattern instead of random guesses would help. Like using a periodic function with certain properties.

The previous initial_h_values has 45 points. The code uses a seed and starts from there. Maybe generating a better initial guess could help. For example, a more optimal initial guess based on known patterns or by using a different construction.

Another thought: since the overlap is maximized over all shifts k, perhaps focusing on balancing the function h such that for any shift, the overlap isn't too high. Maybe using a function that's "well-distributed" in some sense, like a sequence with certain regularity, such as a modular or periodic function.

Alternatively, consider using a genetic algorithm with more tailored mutation and crossover operators. Or maybe using a different optimization method that's better suited for this problem, like a Bayesian optimization with surrogate models, which might be more efficient in exploring the search space.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method. But perhaps the constraints with the integral being fixed at 1 and the bounds on h are making the optimization landscape difficult, leading to local optima. Maybe using a gradient-based method after a good initial guess is better.

Another idea: since the overlap involves correlations, maybe the problem can be transformed into a problem of minimizing the maximum correlation between h and 1 - h shifted by different amounts. So, perhaps using a Fourier transform approach, but that's not straightforward since the function is piecewise constant.

Alternatively, think about splitting the interval [0, 2] into intervals where h is 0 or 1, and adjusting the lengths of these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap. But since the function is piecewise constant, perhaps arranging the intervals so that no matter how you shift, the overlap isn't too large. However, with a continuous function, this might not be directly applicable.

Wait, the problem allows h to be any step function (so piecewise constant). So, maybe we can model h as a set of intervals where h is 1 or 0. The challenge is to arrange these intervals such that for any shift, the overlap is minimized.

But how to model that? For example, if we have a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in certain intervals, maybe the overlap when shifted would be lower.

Another approach: think of the problem as a covering problem where the function h needs to "avoid" the 1 - h parts as much as possible. So, maybe designing h to be 1 on disjoint intervals, and 0 elsewhere, such that the length of each interval is chosen to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted.

But with a fixed integral of 1, the total length of intervals where h=1 is 1. So, for example, if h is 1 on a single interval of length 1, then for shifts that align that interval with the 0 parts, the overlap would be higher. So maybe distributing the 1's over multiple intervals.

For instance, if h is 1 on four intervals, each of length 0.25, spaced in such a way that shifting by any k would not align too much with the 0 regions. However, the exact placement is tricky.

Alternatively, use a greedy approach: start with the best initial guess and refine it by adjusting the step positions to reduce the maximum overlap.

But how to implement this? Maybe using simulated annealing or other metaheuristics. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, we need an efficient method.

The existing code uses differential evolution with a population and then refine with SLSQP. Maybe the problem is that the differential evolution is too slow, or the initial guesses are not good enough. So perhaps changing the initial guesses to be more optimal, or using a different optimization strategy.

Wait, the current code's initial_h_values is provided, but perhaps generating a better initial guess could help. For example, using a pattern that is known to have good overlap properties. Let me think about known constructions for this problem.

In the Erdős problem, the goal is to find a function h that minimizes the maximum overlap. The known best construction for C₅ is around 0.38, but the exact method isn't clear. However, the previous code's initial guess comes from some construction, but perhaps there's a better way to generate an initial guess.

Another idea: consider that the overlap integral is the same as the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. If we assume that k is such that the overlap is maximized, perhaps for certain k, like k = 1, since the interval [0,2] is being shifted. So, the maximum overlap occurs for certain k values. So, the problem is to minimize the maximum of these values.

So, if we can find a function h such that for all shifts k, the overlap is below a certain threshold, that would be good.

Alternatively, think of the problem in terms of the convolution. The overlap integral for each k is the convolution of h and (1 - h) evaluated at k. So, we need to minimize the maximum of these convolutions.

So the problem reduces to designing a function h such that the convolution with (1 - h) has its maximum value minimized.

This is similar to minimizing the maximum autocorrelation for a certain function. Which is a known problem in signal processing, possibly related to the concept of a "low autocorrelation binary sequence" or similar.

In that case, perhaps using a method that constructs sequences with low autocorrelation could be useful. However, since our function is not binary but can be any step function with integral 1, maybe adapting such methods.

For example, if we model h as a binary function (0s and 1s), then the problem becomes finding a binary sequence with the maximum autocorrelation minimized. However, with the added constraint that the integral is 1, so for a binary sequence, the number of 1s is fixed.

But the current problem allows h to take any value between 0 and 1, not just 0 and 1, so perhaps allowing more flexibility. But perhaps using some structure that resembles low autocorrelation sequences.

But how to translate that into a numerical optimization problem?

Alternatively, think of the problem as a resource allocation problem. We need to allocate the "1s" in the function h such that for any shift k, the overlap with the 0s (i.e., 1 - h) is minimized.

So, perhaps distributing the 1s in such a way that they are not aligned with the 0s when shifted.

But with the integral being 1, the total length of h(x) = 1 is 1 unit. For example, if we have h(x) as 1 on intervals spaced apart, then shifting by certain amounts would cause overlaps.

Another approach: use symmetry. Perhaps if the function h is symmetric, the maximum overlap would be lower. For instance, a function that is symmetric around x = 1. So, h(x) = h(2 - x).

This could help in reducing the maximum overlap when shifted by certain k values. For example, shifting by 1 would flip the function, leading to some symmetry.

But how to integrate this into the optimization process? Maybe adding symmetry constraints as part of the optimization.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs at certain shifts, like k = 0, 1, 0.5, etc. So, focusing on minimizing the overlap for these critical shifts might be sufficient.

But in the code, the current approach computes the maximum over all k. However, it's possible that for the optimal h, the maximum occurs at specific k values. So, perhaps reducing the maximum for these critical shifts would help.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed n_points of 45. Maybe increasing n_points could allow for more precise optimization, but the problem statement says that smaller sequences are preferred. However, if the current code uses n=45, maybe trying with n=60 or another number could allow better convergence. But the code must return the best solution found within the budget.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, the previous code uses initial_h_values, but perhaps generating a better initial guess using a different method. For instance, using a piecewise function with periodicity.

For example, suppose we model h as a periodic function with a certain period. Let's say the period is 1. Then, the function could be 0.5 for a certain interval, then 1 for another, etc. Wait, but the integral must be 1 over [0,2], which is twice the integral over [0,1]. So, for a period of 1, the integral would need to be 0.5. 

Alternatively, if we model h as a triangular wave or another periodic function that integrates to 0.5 over [0,1], then over [0,2], it would integrate to 1. But how to structure that?

Another approach: perhaps using the initial_h_values as a starting point, but then refine it by adjusting certain points to reduce overlaps. For example, using a local search method with a gradient-based optimization.

But the previous code uses differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe the issue is that the initial guesses are not sufficient. So, what if instead of generating random initial guesses, we generate several structured patterns and then refine them?

For instance, generate initial guesses based on different periodic functions with varying frequencies and duties, then refine those. The previous code does something like that, but perhaps with different parameters.

Alternatively, consider using a Fourier-based approach. Since the overlap integral is related to the convolution, perhaps representing h in the frequency domain and optimizing based on that. However, this might be complex.

Alternatively, consider the problem as a convex optimization problem. However, since the maximum of the overlap integrals is a non-convex function, this is challenging. But maybe using convex relaxation techniques, such as relaxing the integer constraints or approximating the maximum with a convex function.

But this might be too difficult to implement within the time constraints.

Alternatively, think about the overlap integrals. For a given h, the maximum overlap is the maximum over all shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k )) dx. Let's denote this as C5. Our goal is to find h that minimizes C5.

To minimize this, perhaps for each k, we can ensure that the overlap is below some value. However, since we need to satisfy this for all k, it's a global constraint.

Alternatively, for each h, the maximum overlap is determined by the worst-case k. So, the problem is to minimize the worst-case overlap.

In numerical optimization, this is similar to a minimax problem. To handle this, we can use methods that handle such problems, like using a convex relaxation or employing a global optimization algorithm.

But given the time constraints, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a better selection and mutation strategy, or using Bayesian optimization to find the optimal h.

But with the given code's current approach, what can be changed?

The existing code uses differential evolution, which is a population-based method, followed by SLSQP refinement. But maybe adjusting the parameters of differential evolution, like the population size, mutation rates, or the number of iterations, could lead to better results.

Another idea: since the overlap integral depends on the shape of h, perhaps the function h should have a certain structure that makes the overlaps small. For example, if h is a piecewise linear function that is smooth and avoids sharp changes, leading to lower overlaps when shifted.

But how to model that? It's hard to say without specific knowledge of the optimal structure.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values, but optimize it with a more efficient method. For example, using a gradient-based optimizer like SLSQP from the beginning, but that requires a good initial guess.

Wait, the existing code starts with initial_h_values and then runs DE and SLSQP. But perhaps combining the initial guess with a different strategy. For example, using a grid search or other methods to find a better initial guess.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a constrained optimization problem and use a gradient-based method like SLSQP with an appropriate initial guess. However, the problem is non-convex, so local minima could be a problem.

Alternatively, use multiple starting points and select the one with the lowest C5. The existing code does this by generating several initial guesses, but perhaps optimizing with a different method.

Another possibility is to use a more efficient optimization library. For example, using the COBYLA or SLSQP methods in scipy.optimize with better tuning parameters.

Alternatively, adjust the way the initial guesses are generated. For example, instead of using random patterns, generate patterns that are known to have good properties for this problem. For example, using a function that is a constant 0.5, but that would give an integral of 1 only if length is 2. But since the function is step, maybe this is not feasible.

Wait, the current code uses a variety of patterns, like pulse, saw, triangle, with different frequencies and duties. Maybe that's not the most effective way. Perhaps generating more structured patterns, like sinusoidal functions with certain properties, could lead to better initial guesses.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values and then performing a local search from there, maybe using a gradient-based method like SLSQP without DE, as DE might be too slow.

But how to compute the gradient of the objective function? The objective function is the maximum of the convolutions. However, the maximum over k is a non-differentiable function, which complicates gradient-based methods.

So, perhaps the existing approach is the best possible, but with some tweaks.

Looking back at the existing code, it uses differential evolution with popsize=150 and maxiter=60, then uses SLSQP with maxiter=100. Maybe increasing the maxiter for DE or using a different population size could help. However, the time is limited to 100 seconds.

Another thing: the code evaluates the DE for multiple guesses, which might be time-consuming. Maybe generating fewer but better guesses could be more efficient.

Alternatively, using a different optimization approach. For example, using a random restart method with a more efficient optimizer.

Another idea: the overlap integral for shift k can be approximated as follows. Since the function h is a step function with n_points samples, the convolution can be computed as a dot product between the h and the shifted (1-h). For each shift k, the overlap is the sum over the h[i] * (1 - h[i + k]) for i where i + k is within the domain. However, in the code, they use np.correlate with mode 'full', which computes all shifts, and then takes the maximum.

But what's the actual maximum value? The maximum occurs when the overlap is the largest.

Another approach: note that for each shift, the maximum possible overlap is when h and (1-h) overlap as much as possible. So, for the optimal h, this maximum should be minimized.

Maybe focusing on reducing the maximum overlap for certain shifts, such as the shifts that correspond to the most significant overlaps. For example, shifts that cause the h and (1-h) to overlap in regions where h is high and (1-h) is also high.

But how to model this?

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps using a penalty method where we penalize the maximum overlap. However, this is what the existing code does.

Another thought: the current code's initial guess might not be the best. Maybe using a better initial guess could significantly improve the result. For example, the initial_h_values may not be optimal. So, generating a better initial guess is crucial.

But how? If I can't access the initial_h_values, but I can generate it myself. For example, using a structured pattern.

For example, suppose I divide the interval [0, 2] into four equal parts. Suppose h is 1 in two of those parts, and 0 in the others. But the integral over [0, 2] would be 1, so each interval is length 0.5. For example, h is 1 on [0, 0.5], [1, 1.5], and 0 elsewhere. Wait, that's 1.0 length, which satisfies the integral. However, the overlap when shifted by 0.5 would be the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+0.5)) dx. Let's see: when x is in [0, 0.5], x+0.5 is in [0.5, 1.0]. So, h(x) is 1, and h(x+0.5) is 1 on [0.5, 1.0] (since the second interval is [1, 1.5]. Wait, x+0.5 ranges from 0.5 to 1.0. So, h(x+0.5) is 1 only if x+0.5 is in [0, 0.5] or [1, 1.5]. Wait no, h(x) is 1 on [0, 0.5] and [1, 1.5]. So, for x+0.5 in [0.5, 1.0], h(x+0.5) would be 0 (since [0.5, 1.0] is between the first and second intervals). So, in that case, 1 - h(x+0.5) is 1. So the overlap integral for shift k=0.5 would be the integral of h(x)*1 over [0, 0.5], which is 0.5. For other shifts, maybe it's higher. So this gives a C5 of 0.5, which is worse than the current best of ~0.38.

So a simple pattern is not sufficient. Therefore, more sophisticated patterns are needed.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that is 1 on multiple intervals spaced in a way that no two intervals are too close. For example, using a spacing that allows for minimal overlap when shifted.

But how to compute this? It's unclear. Maybe the best way is to proceed with the existing approach but improve the code.

Another idea: in the existing code, after the initial guesses, it runs DE and then SLSQP refinement. However, the DE might not be finding the best guesses. Perhaps a better approach is to first run DE with a larger population and more iterations, then refine with SLSQP. But this would take more time.

Alternatively, use a hybrid approach where DE is used for global search, and then a local optimizer like SLSQP is used with the best candidates found.

But given the time limit, maybe the existing code is already as good as possible, but with some tweaks.

Another possible tweak: the current code uses initial_h_values and then generates other guesses, but perhaps generating a better initial guess would be better. For example, using a more structured initial guess, like a sinusoidal function or another pattern.

For example, suppose we model h as a sine wave scaled and shifted to meet the integral requirement.

Let me think: let's say h(x) is a sine wave. For example, h(x) = A * sin(πx) + 0.5, but adjusted to integrate to 1 over [0, 2]. But this might not be a step function. However, if we discretize it into steps, perhaps it can be modeled as a step function.

But generating such a function would require a more complex approach, but perhaps it's worth a try.

Alternatively, use a piecewise constant function with certain periodicity. For example, using a function that is 1 for a certain proportion of the interval and 0 for another, spread out in a way that minimizes overlap.

But without knowing the exact structure of the optimal h, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap C5 is related to the L∞ norm of the convolution of h and (1-h), perhaps using methods from the field of signal processing to construct such a function.

But again, I'm not sure.

Another idea: since the code is in Python and uses scipy.optimize, perhaps using a more efficient implementation of the optimization. For example, using a Sequential Least Squares Programming (SLSQP) method with a good initial guess, and not relying too much on DE which might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, since DE is used to generate initial guesses, maybe reduce the number of guesses and focus on refining the best ones.

But I'm not seeing a clear way to improve this without more information.

Another possibility: the code uses a fixed number of n_points (which seems to be 45 from the initial_h_values). However, the problem allows smaller sequences. Perhaps using a smaller n_points could allow for better performance, but the user prefers smaller sequences. However, the previous code uses 45 points, which is not very small. Maybe using n_points=50 or 60 could give better results.

But the user's previous program achieved C₅ bound = 0.381142, and the target is to improve that. So, perhaps trying with a better initial guess and optimization method.

Alternatively, in the current code, after generating guesses, it runs DE on each guess and then applies SLSQP. Maybe this is inefficient, and instead, it's better to run DE on the best guesses and then refine with SLSQP.

Alternatively, instead of using DE multiple times, just use DE once with a good initial population and a higher maxiter, then refine with SLSQP.

But given the time constraints, the existing code's approach may be the best to follow, but with adjustments.

Another idea: in the existing code, the initial_h_values is used, and other guesses are generated. But perhaps generating more structured guesses would be better. For example, using a combination of patterns that are known to be good, like certain symmetries or regular intervals.

For example, generating a function that is 1 in intervals at certain positions, such as equally spaced intervals. For instance, if we have m intervals of length l, then the total integral is m*l = 1. So, for m=2, l=0.5; for m=3, l≈0.333, etc.

Let me think: suppose we choose m intervals, equally spaced. For example, suppose m=4, so each interval is length 0.25. Let's distribute these intervals uniformly across the [0, 2] interval. For example, placing the intervals at positions 0.25 to 0.5, 0.75 to 1.0, 1.25 to 1.5, 1.75 to 2.0. Wait, that's four intervals of length 0.25 each, totaling 1.0. But the function would be 1 in those intervals and 0 elsewhere. Then, for shifts, the overlaps would be calculated.

However, this might lead to higher overlaps for certain shifts. For example, shifting by 0.5 would overlap the first interval with the second, etc.

But how would this compare to the current best? It's unclear without computation.

But perhaps generating such structured guesses would help. The existing code already has some pattern generation, but maybe adding this type of guess could be useful.

In any case, given the time constraints, I'll proceed to modify the existing code to improve the initial guesses and optimization steps.

Some possible changes to the code:

1. Generate more structured initial guesses, such as equally spaced intervals.
2. Use a more efficient optimization method, like using SLSQP from the beginning once the initial guess is improved.
3. Reduce the number of initial guesses to save time, focusing on the best ones.
4. Implement a different search strategy for the initial guesses.

But without knowing the better initial guesses, this is speculative.

Alternatively, since the initial_h_values might not be the best, perhaps creating a new initial guess with a better structure. For example, a function that has more intervals but is distributed in a way that minimizes overlaps.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values and then adjust it by applying a transformation to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, using gradient descent on the objective function, but since it's non-differentiable, this is tricky.

Alternatively, use a surrogate model to approximate the objective function and perform Bayesian optimization. However, implementing this within the code would be complex.

In the absence of a clear direction, perhaps optimizing the existing code's parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations for DE and SLSQP, or adjusting the population size and mutation rates.

In the existing code, DE is run with popsize=150 and maxiter=60. This might be too many iterations. Maybe reducing maxiter to save time, but this could lead to suboptimal results.

Alternatively, using a larger population size for DE to explore more of the search space.

Another thought: the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns all possible shifts. However, the maximum overlap might occur at a shift k that is within the range of the function. But for a step function with n points, the difference between shifts might be limited.

But I think the code correctly computes all the overlaps.

Another possibility: the current code uses a random sampling of guesses, which might not be effective. Perhaps using more focused initial guesses, like using patterns that are known to be good for related problems.

In conclusion, without knowing the exact optimal structure of h, I'll proceed to modify the existing code to:

- Use a better initial guess by generating a more structured pattern.
- Adjust the optimization parameters to make the code run faster and find better solutions.
- Use a more efficient optimization method for refinement.

Now, I'll proceed to write the code that implements these ideas.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def generate_pattern(freq, duty, type_func):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        if type_func == 'pulse':
            wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
            return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
        elif type_func == 'saw':
            return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
        elif type_func == 'triangle':
            return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
        else:
            return np.random.rand(n_points) * duty

    def slsqp_refine(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    def de_search():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=40,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 1.0), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 7):
        guesses.append(generate_pattern(freq, 0.5, 'pulse'))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(generate_pattern(3, duty, 'saw'))
        guesses.append(generate_pattern(3, duty, 'triangle'))
    for _ in range(4):
        guesses.append(np.random.rand(n_points) * 0.5)

    for g in guesses:
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        try:
            h_opt = de_search()
            h_opt = slsqp_refine(h_opt)
            c = obj(h_opt)
            if c < best_c5:
                best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
        except:
            pass

    for _ in range(8):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```