<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The existing code uses differential evolution followed by refinement with SLSQP. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum correlation between h and 1-h over all shifts k. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1.

The previous code starts with an initial_h_values array, which is given. The approach uses differential evolution to find a good initial guess and then refines it using SLSQP. But maybe there's a better way. Let me consider alternative optimization strategies.

One idea is to use a more efficient optimization method. Differential evolution can be slow, especially with many iterations. Alternatively, maybe a genetic algorithm or a particle swarm optimization could be faster. But since we have limited time, maybe a better approach is to use a combination of methods and adjust parameters.

Another thought: the problem is convex? Wait, no. The objective function is non-convex because it's the maximum of a set of linear functions (since the correlation is a linear function in h). So, the problem is non-convex, which makes it hard for standard convex optimization methods. Thus, we need a heuristic approach.

Maybe using a different initial guess could help. The current code starts from the initial_h_values. Perhaps generating different initial configurations could lead to better results. For example, starting with a uniform distribution, or a periodic pattern that covers the interval [0,2] optimally.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a known configuration. Let me think about the structure of h. Since the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, h is a probability density function over that interval. The goal is to arrange the function such that when you shift it, the overlap with 1-h is minimized.

Another approach is to model this as an optimization problem with constraints. The constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and the integral is exactly 1. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap. But since it's a max over multiple integrals, it's a bit tricky.

The key is to find h that minimizes the maximum value of the correlations. For each shift k, the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. So, for each k, we have a term that we want to be as small as possible. The maximum of these terms is the value we want to minimize.

Maybe we can think of this as a game where h tries to avoid overlapping with itself when shifted. To minimize the maximum overlap, h should be structured in such a way that for any shift k, the overlap is balanced.

An idea is to make h have a repeating pattern that avoids overlapping when shifted. For example, a periodic function with certain properties. However, given that the interval is [0,2], maybe splitting it into regions where h is 1 or 0 in a way that overlaps are minimized.

But since h is a step function, it's piecewise constant. So, maybe dividing the interval into intervals where h is 1 or 0 in a way that when shifted, the overlap with the complement is minimized.

Alternatively, think of this as designing a set of intervals where h(x) is 1, and the rest is 0, such that when shifted, the overlap between these intervals and the complement is minimized. But since the function is continuous over [0,2], perhaps using a more complex structure.

However, with the current approach, the code uses a differential evolution and then refines with SLSQP. Let me think about possible improvements.

First, perhaps the initial guess is not optimal. Maybe starting with a different initial configuration could lead to a better solution. For example, using a more structured initial guess, such as a combination of segments where h is 1 in certain regions and 0 elsewhere, arranged to spread out the overlaps.

Another idea is to use a more sophisticated optimization algorithm. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can be more efficient in exploring the search space. However, given time constraints, maybe that's not feasible.

Alternatively, using a combination of different optimization techniques. For example, first using a global optimization method to find a good candidate, then using a local optimization method to refine it. The previous code does this with DE followed by SLSQP.

But perhaps using a better local optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe using a different local optimizer, like Nelder-Mead, or adjusting the parameters.

Another possible improvement is to adjust the parameters of the differential evolution. For example, increasing the population size, or changing the mutation and recombination parameters to explore the search space more effectively.

Also, considering that the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions, perhaps we can use a multi-objective optimization approach. However, with the given time constraints, it's challenging.

Let me also think about the computational time. The existing code runs differential evolution with a certain number of iterations and then refines. The time budget is 100 seconds, so perhaps increasing the number of iterations is possible, but the problem is that DE is time-consuming.

An alternative approach could be to use a random search with some heuristic. For example, generating multiple random initial guesses and selecting the best one. However, this might not be efficient unless we can find a good way to generate the initial guesses.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided. Maybe using that as the starting point is good, but perhaps we can improve it by some kind of perturbation. For example, adding small random noise to the initial configuration and then optimizing.

Alternatively, think about the problem as a combinatorial optimization: trying to partition the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 1 or 0. Since the integral is 1, the sum of the lengths of the regions where h is 1 must be 1 (since the integral over [0,2] is 1, and dx is 2/npoints). Wait, sum(h)/dx = 1, so sum(h) = n_points / 2.

So, the sum of the values in h is fixed. Each value of h is either 0 or 1, or perhaps other values between 0 and 1, but since it's a step function, maybe the function is piecewise constant with breaks at certain points.

But the problem allows h to be any step function. However, for optimization purposes, maybe it's better to consider that h can take on values between 0 and 1, so the function is continuous in the sense that it's a step function with values in [0,1].

Another thought: the overlap integral for a given shift k can be written as the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum over all k of this integral.

This seems related to the concept of a "squeezed" function, where the function is spread out in such a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, using a function that has as much as possible non-overlapping regions when shifted.

But how to model that? Maybe the optimal h is a function that is 1 on a set of measure 1 and 0 elsewhere, arranged such that when shifted, the overlap with the complement is minimized. But since the interval is [0,2], shifting by k would mean overlapping with different parts of the interval.

Wait, the integral over [0,2] of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k )) dx. For k such that x +k is in [0,2], which depends on k. For example, if k is such that x +k wraps around the interval. However, the correlation is computed as a full convolution, which includes all shifts. So, for each possible shift k, the integral is considered.

This is similar to the concept of the autocorrelation function. So, the problem is to find a function h that minimizes the maximum autocorrelation with its complement.

Hmm, this seems related to the concept of "self-avoiding" functions, but I'm not sure. Another approach is to use Fourier analysis. Since the integral can be transformed into the frequency domain.

But I'm not sure how to apply that here. The integral over h(x)(1 - h(x +k )) dx can be written as the inner product of h and (1 - h shifted by k). The maximum of these over all k is the value to minimize.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal h should have certain symmetry or periodicity properties. For example, if h is periodic with period T, such that when shifted by T/2, the overlap is minimized. But again, not sure.

Another idea is to use the fact that for the optimal h, the integral over the overlaps should be balanced. For example, if h is designed such that when shifted by any k, the integral is roughly the same, and the maximum is as small as possible.

But how to construct such a function? Maybe using a piecewise constant function with alternating regions of high and low values. For example, dividing the interval into intervals where h is 1, then 0, etc., arranged in such a way that when shifted, they don't overlap excessively.

But the current code's initial guess might be a good starting point. Let me think about the initial_h_values. Since the code uses 45 samples (from the initial_h_values), which is n_points=45. For that, the sum of h is 45/2 = 22.5.

So, the initial h is a step function with 45 points. Maybe improving on that by adding more structure. For example, making the function have a more uniform distribution of 1s and 0s.

But how to design that? Let me think of the previous example. If the function is structured to have regions of 1 and 0 spaced in a way that minimizing overlap when shifted.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 for a certain length, then 0, then 1 again, and so on. For example, a periodic function. However, with the length of the interval being 2, the period can be chosen to minimize the maximum overlap.

But this is getting too abstract. Maybe the previous approach of using DE and then SLSQP is the way to go, but with some modifications.

First, the current code uses differential evolution with a popsize of 150, maxiter=50, and then refines with SLSQP for 3 times. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in DE could help. However, time is limited. Alternatively, using a different mutation and recombination strategy.

Another possible change is to use a more efficient local optimization method. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method instead of SLSQP. However, SLSQP can handle constraints better.

Wait, the constraints are that the sum of h is fixed. So, in the optimization, the constraint is sum(h) = n_points / 2. So, the problem is to minimize the maximum correlation, with box constraints on each h[i], and an equality constraint on the sum.

So, when using SLSQP, it's possible that the constraint is handled properly. However, the DE step may not respect the constraint, leading to suboptimal solutions. But the code uses the DE to find a candidate, then refines with SLSQP. Maybe enforcing the constraint during the DE step could help.

Alternatively, maybe the DE step can be modified to include the constraint. But differential evolution doesn't handle constraints directly, so perhaps each candidate in DE is adjusted to meet the constraint after generation. That could be done by normalizing the sum to the target.

For example, after generating a candidate h_opt, compute the sum, and scale it to ensure that sum(h) = target_sum. This way, the DE step is allowed to explore the space without worrying about the sum constraint, and during refinement, the constraints are strictly enforced.

In the current code, the DE step doesn't enforce the sum constraint, which could lead to candidates that don't meet the requirement. Then the refine step enforces it. However, if the DE step generates a candidate that doesn't meet the sum, the refine step may have to work harder to bring it into compliance, which could be inefficient.

Alternatively, modifying the DE to enforce the sum constraint during the search. For example, during the creation of new candidates, after mutation and crossover, adjust the values to meet the sum constraint. Or, during evaluation, clamp the sum to the target.

This could help speed up the refinement process.

Another idea: using a different optimization strategy for the DE. For example, using a smoother mutation strategy or adjusting the population size. For example, using a smaller population size may be faster but could miss the optimal solution.

Also, the current code runs DE with maxiter=50. Perhaps increasing this value allows more exploration, but may use more time. However, since there's a time budget, it's a trade-off.

Another approach is to use a random restart strategy. Generate multiple starting points and choose the best one. However, this could be time-consuming.

Alternatively, perhaps using a surrogate model or Bayesian optimization to explore the search space more efficiently. But with limited time and code complexity, this may not be feasible.

Let me think about the hyperparameters in the current code. For example, the mutation range is (0.5, 0.95), recombination is 0.8. Perhaps adjusting these parameters could lead to better results. For example, increasing the mutation range may help escape local optima, while decreasing the mutation range may allow for faster convergence.

But how to determine the optimal parameters? This requires experimentation, which is not possible in the code, but perhaps adjusting them could help.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum correlation, which is non-convex, maybe using a multi-start optimization approach. For example, starting from multiple different initial points and choosing the best one.

But with the given time budget, it's possible that this would not be feasible unless the code is optimized.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to tweak the existing code's parameters and structure. For example, increasing the number of DE iterations, using a more efficient local optimizer, and ensuring that the constraint is handled during the DE step.

Let me outline the steps for the improved code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. In the DE step, generate candidates and ensure that the sum constraint is respected (by normalizing the sum after mutation).
3. Use a more efficient local optimization method (like SLSQP with tighter tolerances).
4. Increase the number of iterations in DE to allow more exploration.
5. Use a combination of different optimization strategies, such as using DE initially and then SLSQP for refinement.
6. Ensure that the code is efficient, with minimal time spent on each step.

Let me also think about the way the objective function is computed. The code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which returns the full convolution. However, the number of parameters may be large, and the computation could be slow. However, given that the code is written in Python, it's acceptable for the given time budget.

Another possible optimization: precompute the weights for the correlation. But in the current code, it's already done correctly.

Another idea is to use a more efficient way to compute the maximum correlation. For example, instead of computing the full correlation and taking the maximum, compute the correlation for all possible shifts k, which would correspond to the different positions in the convolution. However, the current code already does this correctly.

Now, considering that the current code's initial_h_values may not be optimal, maybe generating a different initial guess could lead to better results. For example, creating an initial guess with a more uniform distribution of 1s and 0s.

But how to generate that algorithmically? For example, arranging the h_values such that the 1s are spread out as much as possible. This could be done by dividing the interval into equal parts and assigning 1s to non-overlapping regions.

For example, if there are m intervals of length dx where h is 1, then the positions of these intervals could be chosen to minimize overlap when shifted. But this is getting too abstract.

Alternatively, start with an initial guess that has 1s in positions that are spread out. For instance, using a periodic pattern. For example, if n_points is even, assign 1s to every other point, but that might not be optimal.

But without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to say. However, given that the current code starts with a certain initial guess, perhaps using that is better than generating a new one.

Now, for the code modifications:

- Modify the DE step to normalize the sum of the generated candidates to the required value. For example, after generating a candidate h_opt, compute the sum, then scale it to match the target_sum by multiplying each value by (target_sum / current_sum). This ensures that the sum is correct, and thus, the constraint is satisfied during the DE step.

- Increase the number of DE iterations to allow more thorough exploration. For example, maxiter=100, but given the time budget, may need to balance between the number of iterations and time.

- Adjust the mutation and recombination parameters in the DE to improve convergence.

- Improve the refine step by using a more aggressive optimization, perhaps with more iterations or better tolerance settings.

- Use a better initial guess, perhaps by generating a structured initial configuration.

Wait, the existing code uses the initial_h_values, which is provided. So the code can use that as the starting point. The problem is that the initial guess may be local optimum, so perturbation or generating a new initial guess could help.

But how to generate a new initial guess? For example, creating a new initial guess with a different pattern. However, without a predefined pattern, this would require some algorithm.

Alternatively, maybe using a random perturbation of the initial_h_values as a starting point. This could be done by adding small random noise and then scaling to meet the sum constraint. But again, this requires code.

Alternatively, consider that the initial_h_values is a known good solution. If it's already close to the optimal, then the code might not need to change much. But since the current best is 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876, there's room for improvement.

Perhaps the DE step can be modified to run for more iterations. Let me think about the code structure.

In the existing code, the DE is called with maxiter=50, and then refined with SLSQP for 3 times. If we increase the number of DE iterations, like to 100, but this may take more time.

Alternatively, combine the DE with a different method, like Simulated Annealing.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the DE parameters and the refine steps.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP, use a different method for refinement. For example, using the COBYLA method which is suitable for bound constraints and equality constraints. But SLSQP is also suitable.

Alternatively, use the L-BFGS-B method with bounds but it may not handle the equality constraint.

Wait, the equality constraint is sum(h) = target_sum. So, during the optimization, we must maintain this. The SLSQP method can handle this.

Another possible improvement: during the refine steps, use a higher number of iterations for SLSQP. For example, increase maxiter from 100 to 200 or more, allowing the optimizer to converge better.

So, adjusting the code to use a better DE step and more refined optimization.

Now, considering the code structure, here's what I plan to do:

1. In the DE step, after generating a candidate, normalize it to meet the sum constraint.

2. Increase the number of DE iterations to allow more exploration.

3. Use a more efficient refinement step, possibly with higher maxiter for SLSQP.

4. Add more refinement steps to further improve the solution.

Also, make sure that the code tracks the elapsed time and stops before exceeding the budget.

Let me also think about the previous code's structure. The current code uses:

def de_step():
    res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=50, mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
    return res.x

But perhaps the mutation parameters are too large, leading to slow convergence. For example, mutation=(0.5, 0.95) may be too large. Maybe reducing the mutation range could help convergence.

Alternatively, using a different mutation strategy, like the default one.

Also, the current code uses a large popsize of 150. Maybe reducing the popsize could speed upDE and allow more iterations.

But with time constraints, perhaps adjusting the parameters to make the DE run faster.

Another thing: the objective function is called multiple times. Currently, the obj function computes the max correlation. However, during the DE steps, evaluating the objective is costly. Maybe precomputing some parts or optimizing the code.

But in the given code, the obj function is straightforward.

Putting it all together, the modified code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

- Run DE with adjustments to mutation, recombination, and popsize.

- Normalize the DE-generated candidates to meet the sum constraint.

- Refine with SLSQP, possibly increasing the number of iterations.

- Track time and stop before exceeding the budget.

Here's the plan for the code:

Modify the de_step function to normalize the sum after mutation. Then, in the refine steps, use more iterations of SLSQP.

Let me code this.

But first, let me think about how to normalize the sum. After generating a candidate h_opt, calculate the sum, and multiply each element by (target_sum / sum(h_opt)) to make the sum equal to target_sum.

This ensures that the DE step generates candidates that are feasible.

Now, adjusting the code accordingly.

So, inside the de_step function, after getting the result from DE, we should normalize the candidate.

Wait, the DE function itself doesn't enforce constraints. So, when we generate a candidate via DE, the sum may not be correct. Therefore, after getting the candidate, we need to normalize it.

But in the current code, the refine step does this. However, if the DE step generates a candidate that violates the constraint, the refinement step may require more iterations to fix it. By normalizing the candidate immediately after DE, we ensure that it meets the constraint.

Therefore, modifying the de_step function to include this normalization.

Let me adjust the code accordingly.

Additionally, adjust the parameters of DE, such as increasing maxiter, reducing the mutation range, or other parameters.

Now, coding this into the function.

So, the revised code would have the DE step generate candidates, then normalize them.

Let me outline the code changes:

In the de_step function:

def de_step():
    res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=50, mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
    h_opt = res.x
    # normalize sum
    current_sum = np.sum(h_opt)
    if current_sum != 0:
        h_opt *= (target_sum / current_sum)
    return h_opt

But wait, the target_sum is n_points / 2. So, this step ensures that the sum is correct.

This way, the DE step generates candidates that satisfy the sum constraint, and the refinement step can focus on minimizing the objective function without worrying about the constraint.

Additionally, by normalizing, the DE step can explore the feasible region more effectively.

This modification should help in ensuring that the candidates are feasible, leading to faster convergence during refinement.

Another adjustment: increasing the number of DE iterations. For example, setting maxiter=100. However, this may take more time, so balance is needed.

Also, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters. For example, using mutation=(0.5, 0.8) to reduce the mutation range.

Now, the code can be modified accordingly.

Additionally, the refine steps use SLSQP with maxiter=100. Perhaps increasing this to 200.

Putting this into code:

The revised code would have these changes.

Now, testing this in the code.

Another thing to consider is the initial_h_values. Since the initial_h_values is provided, the code starts with it. However, perhaps generating a different initial guess could be better. For example, generating a random perturbation of the initial_h_values and then normalizing. But that might be unnecessary unless the initial guess is poor.

Overall, the code can be adjusted to include the normalization step in the DE step, adjust mutation parameters, and increase the number of iterations in DE and SLSQP.

These changes should help in finding better candidates and refining them more effectively.

Now, implementing these changes into the code.

Another optimization: using a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function. Since the current code computes the full correlation and takes the maximum, which is O(n²), but with n_points up to, say, 1000, it's manageable.

But for the given time constraints, it's acceptable.

Finally, ensuring that the code tracks time and returns the best solution before exceeding the budget.

So, the code would be as follows:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Adjust DE parameters.
- Normalize the DE candidates.
- Refine with SLSQP with more iterations.
- Track the time to ensure within the budget.

Thus, the final code would incorporate these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def de_step():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=70, mutation=(0.5, 0.8), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = res.x
        if np.sum(h_opt) == 0:
            return h_opt
        h_opt *= (target_sum / np.sum(h_opt))
        return h_opt
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'disp': False})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    initial_h = h.copy()
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_step()
        h_opt = refine(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```