<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and my goal is to get lower than 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization methods. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, I should understand the problem again. The task is to find a step function h: [0,2] → [0,1] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The constraint is that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. The function h is represented as a step function with n_points samples, and the goal is to minimize the maximum overlap.

The previous code starts with an initial guess (initial_h_values) and then uses various heuristics like generating pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random guesses, then optimizing them with SLSQP and differential evolution. However, maybe there are better optimization strategies or different initializations that could lead to a better solution.

One possible improvement is to use more efficient optimization algorithms. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a combination of different methods, or tuning the parameters of the existing ones could help. But the time budget is tight, so we need an efficient approach.

Another idea is to consider the problem as an optimization with constraints. The integral constraint is that sum(h) * dx = 1, which for n_points is sum(h) = n_points / 2. So the optimization is over functions h with that constraint. The function to minimize is the maximum of the cross-correlation values.

But the problem is that the maximum is over all possible shifts k. So the overlap integral is the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h, evaluated at different lags. The discrete version uses convolution with mode 'full', so the maximum value corresponds to the maximum integral over all shifts.

An alternative approach is to model this as a mathematical optimization problem where we want to minimize the maximum of the integrals, subject to the integral constraint. However, solving this directly with standard optimization techniques might be difficult due to the presence of the max function. So, perhaps using techniques like gradient-based methods with line search, or other heuristics could be better.

Another thought is to use a genetic algorithm. The previous code used differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm. Maybe tweaking the parameters of DE, such as population size, mutation rates, or the number of generations, could lead to better results. However, with the time budget, we need to balance between exploration and exploitation.

Alternatively, could there be a mathematical structure or symmetry in the optimal h? For example, perhaps the optimal function has certain periodicity or symmetry properties. If we can construct a function that leverages such properties, we might find a better solution. For instance, if the optimal function repeats a pattern over the interval [0,2], or has certain symmetry, this could reduce the search space.

Another idea is to use a more informed initial guess. The previous code starts with initial_h_values, but maybe generating better initial guesses could help. For example, considering functions that have certain properties that are likely to minimize the overlap. For instance, functions with minimal variance or specific distribution of high/low regions.

Another approach could be to use a combination of gradient descent and random restarts. Since the problem is non-convex, getting stuck in local minima is a risk. However, with the time constraints, we need to find an efficient way to explore the solution space.

Also, considering the evaluation time: the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which for n_points samples, the correlation length is 2n_points -1. But for optimization, the evaluation of the objective function is expensive. So perhaps the number of samples n_points should be kept low, as per the user's request. The previous code used n_points = 45. Let's check the previous code: the initial_h_values is given, and the code uses that. So the n_points is fixed based on the initial_h_values, which the user has provided. However, the user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe using a smaller n_points could be better, but with the trade-off of less resolution.

Wait, the user mentions that the previous program used n_points=45. So maybe the initial_h_values has 45 points. But for better results, perhaps trying with a different n_points, such as 60 or 80, but the user's budget is 100 seconds. So the code should be efficient enough.

Another idea is to use a different optimization method. For example, using a hybrid approach where we first perform a global search with differential evolution and then refine the solution with SLSQP. The previous code did that, but perhaps tuning the parameters (like the number of iterations, mutation rates, etc.) could help.

Also, considering that the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe some kind of regularization can be applied. Alternatively, considering that the optimal solution is a step function with certain intervals set to 0 or 1, perhaps trying to model the function as a binary step function, but with the possibility of having multiple intervals. However, the problem allows for any step function in [0,1], not necessarily binary.

Another angle: the maximum overlap corresponds to the highest peak in the cross-correlation. To minimize this maximum, we need to ensure that the function h and 1-h don't have too much overlap when shifted. So, perhaps the optimal h is designed to have its high regions spaced out in such a way that when shifted, they don't overlap with the low regions. This is similar to the concept of "anti-correlation" between h and 1-h.

For example, if h is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, then the shifts would cause overlaps between 1's and 0's. The challenge is to balance the length of these intervals such that this overlap is minimized.

But how to translate this into a construction? Maybe using a modulated function, like a combination of periodic functions with certain frequencies. For example, a sine wave modulated to have regions where it's high and low.

Another thought: the problem resembles the problem of designing a signal that has minimal cross-correlation with itself. In that case, the solution is a certain kind of signal, like a Barker code. However, this problem is different, as it's between h and 1-h.

Alternatively, the problem might be related to the concept of "optimal discrepancy" or "covering radius", but I'm not sure.

So, to improve upon the previous code, perhaps I can:

1. Use a different initial guess, maybe a more carefully constructed one that's more likely to lead to a good solution.
2. Use a more efficient optimization method or parameters for the existing methods.
3. Explore different ways to generate initial guesses (like more varied patterns).
4. Use a combination of different optimization techniques.
5. Implement a method that adheres to mathematical properties of the problem.

Let me think about possible initial guesses. The previous code used pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Maybe adding more structured patterns could help. For example, using a piecewise constant function with multiple segments.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function based on a periodic pattern with certain frequencies. For instance, a function that repeats a pattern over the interval [0,2], which could be designed to minimize the overlap.

Another idea is to use a greedy approach: iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, at each step, find the shift that gives the highest overlap and adjust the function to reduce that overlap.

But such a greedy approach might get stuck in local optima and may not be efficient enough in the time budget.

Alternatively, since the problem is continuous, perhaps using a gradient-based method with a custom objective function that can be differentiated. However, the max function makes the objective non-differentiable, so it's challenging.

Wait, the current code uses the maximum of the cross-correlation values as the objective. But evaluating the maximum for each function is computationally expensive. Could we approximate this maximum with a different approach?

Alternatively, maybe we can rephrase the problem as minimizing the expectation of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) over all possible k. But that's different from the maximum. So the maximum is the critical value that we need to minimize.

So perhaps the key is to construct a function h that is "spread out" in such a way that when shifted, it doesn't overlap too much with itself.

Now, considering the code structure: the previous code starts from initial_h_values and uses multiple guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help avoid local minima.

Let me think about how to generate initial guesses. The previous code uses some generated pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Maybe adding more types of patterns, such as piecewise linear or other waveforms.

Alternatively, for the initial guesses, perhaps using a combination of several pulses spaced at certain intervals, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Another approach is to model this as an optimization problem with a complex structure, perhaps using a genetic algorithm with a specific encoding for the step function.

But with the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to adjust the previous code's approach. For example, trying different initial guesses, tuning the parameters of the optimization algorithms, and possibly combining different optimization methods.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution with a population size of 100, which might be computationally intensive. Maybe reducing the population size and increasing the number of generations could be more efficient, but I'm not sure.

Another idea: the problem might be better approached by considering the cross-correlation as a function and trying to minimize its maximum value. This is a non-convex optimization problem, and finding the gradient could help. However, computing the gradient of the max function is challenging because it's piecewise.

Alternatively, since the maximum is over all shifts, perhaps the maximum occurs for certain shifts. If we can pinpoint the shift that contributes the most, maybe we can focus the optimization on those shifts.

Alternatively, we can approximate the maximum by considering a subset of shifts, but that might not work if the true maximum is not in that subset.

Another thought: the current code uses SLSQP for refining the solutions. Maybe using a different optimization method, such as COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, which can handle bounds and constraints. However, the user's code already uses SLSQP.

Perhaps trying to use a more efficient method, like using a hybrid approach where the initial global search is done with a method like COBYLA or a randomized search, and then refining with SLSQP.

But without knowing the exact optimal parameters, it's hard to say. So maybe the best approach is to adjust the previous code's parameters, try different initial guesses, and see.

Another thing to consider is the time budget. The previous code uses differential evolution for two iterations, then refinement steps. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or changing the mutation parameters in DE could help. Or using a different method, like particle swarm optimization.

However, given the time constraints, the code needs to be efficient.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different sampling strategy for the initial guesses. For example, instead of generating a fixed number of guesses, using a random sampling approach with a focus on specific patterns.

Wait, the previous code's initial guesses are generated with several functions and some random guesses. Maybe adding more varied patterns could help. For example, combining multiple periods of a function, or using a function that is a combination of pulses and sawtooth.

Another angle: since the integral is 1 over [0,2], the average value of h is 0.5. So, the function h has a mean of 0.5, but can vary. The overlap integral for a particular shift k is the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). This is equivalent to integrating h(x) - h(x)h(x +k) dx. The maximum of this over k is what we need to minimize.

Alternatively, the overlap integral for each k is equal to the expected value of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) over x, assuming uniform distribution. So the problem becomes finding a function h with integral 1 over [0,2], such that the maximum of these expected values is as small as possible.

So the problem is a form of optimal control where we want to minimize the maximum overlap.

Another thought: using a function h that is symmetric or has certain properties that make the cross-correlation minimal. For example, if h is a step function with equal length of high and low regions, spaced out in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

For instance, if we divide the interval [0,2] into segments and set h to 1 or 0.5 in certain regions, but this is a bit vague.

Alternatively, considering the case where h is a binary step function (0 or 1), which would make the integrals more meaningful. However, the problem allows h to take any values between 0 and 1. But even if h is binary, the integral would be the length of the set where h is 1, which must be 1.0. For example, with n=45 samples, the length of h being 1 would require sum(h) = 45/2 = 22.5. But since the function is discrete, the actual average must approach 0.5.

But even with binary functions, the problem is non-trivial. For example, creating a binary function with 0.5 on average that minimizes the maximum overlap when shifted.

However, the current code allows for non-binary functions, which might offer better solutions.

Putting this all together, the idea is to build on the existing code but make improvements in the following areas:

1. Use more diverse and better initial guesses.
2. Tune the parameters of the optimization algorithms.
3. Use more efficient algorithms for the optimization steps.
4. Possibly reduce the number of samples (n_points) to speed up the evaluation, but ensuring that the bound is accurate enough.

Let me think about how to adjust the code. For instance, the previous code uses a combination of generated functions and random guesses. Maybe generating more patterns could help. For example, using a function that is a combination of sine and square waves.

Alternatively, using a function that is a shifted version of itself, but adjusted to avoid overlaps. For example, a function that has high regions spaced periodically.

Another idea: the problem resembles the problem of finding a function with minimal maximum cross-correlation with itself. In that case, the optimal solution is a certain kind of signal. For example, the optimal binary sequence is a Barker code, but for continuous functions, it's different. However, perhaps inspiration can be taken from such codes.

But the current problem is between h and 1-h, not between h and itself. So it's a different scenario.

Another approach is to model the problem as a mathematical program with equilibrium constraints. However, this seems complex.

Alternatively, since the overlap integral is the convolution of h and 1-h, perhaps using Fourier analysis to understand the problem. The cross-correlation in the time domain corresponds to the product of the Fourier transforms. So, the maximum value of the cross-correlation can be related to the integral of the product of the Fourier transforms. However, this might not directly help in constructing the function.

But perhaps using the properties of the Fourier transform to design the function. For example, minimizing the maximum peak of the cross-correlation might require certain properties of the frequency response. However, the connections are not straightforward.

So, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code by:

- Enhancing the initial guesses with more types of patterns.
- Improving the parameters of the optimization methods.
- Using a more efficient optimization strategy, such as adding more refinement steps or changing the order in which optimization methods are applied.

In the previous code, after generating initial guesses with various patterns, it uses differential evolution for two iterations and then some refinement steps. Maybe increasing the number of generations in DE or using a smaller population size could help.

Alternatively, using a different method for the initial guess generation. For example, generating a function that is a combination of multiple pulses with certain frequencies.

Another thing to note is that the current code uses the scipy.optimize methods. For example, the SLSQP method with constraints. Maybe using a different constraint formulation or adjusting the tolerance settings could help converge better.

Another thought: the constraint is that the sum of h is n_points / 2. The current code uses an equality constraint for this. This is a linear constraint, so it's manageable. However, perhaps the objective function, which is the max of the correlation, is non-smooth, so optimization methods like SLSQP might have difficulty. Using a method that's more suitable for non-smooth functions could be better.

But without knowing the exact behavior, it's hard to say. Maybe using a different method like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm could be an alternative.

However, given the time budget, it's better to focus on what's already in place but tuned more optimally.

Another idea: in the initial guesses, generating functions that are more likely to lead to lower C5 values. For example, functions that are more spread out or have certain symmetry.

Let me try to think of how to adjust the code. For example, in the previous code, the gen_pulses function generates a sine wave modulated to be between 0 and 1. The gen_saw generates a sawtooth wave, and gen_triangle generates a triangle wave. Maybe adding more such functions with different parameters could help.

Alternatively, combining several of these functions to form a more complex initial guess.

Another approach is to use a gradient-based method. For example, using gradient descent with a projected gradient method that enforces the constraint sum(h) = n_points / 2. However, since the objective function is non-differentiable (due to the max), this could be challenging.

Alternatively, using a smoothing approximation for the max function. For example, replacing the max with a supremum over a finite set of lags, which can be computed numerically. Then, optimizing with respect to that approximation.

But this would require evaluating the correlations for a set of lags, which might be computationally intensive.

Another thought: the previous code uses scipy's differential evolution, which is a global optimization algorithm. Maybe increasing the number of generations in DE, or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters, could lead to better results.

Additionally, the code uses a function called refine, which applies SLSQP for refinement. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or adjusting the tolerance settings could help.

Another possible improvement is to use a different initial guess, such as a function that is more evenly distributed. For example, a function that has equal regions of 0.5, 0.25, etc., but this is vague.

In terms of code structure, the previous code uses a combination of various initial guess generators. To make the code more efficient, perhaps reducing the number of initial guesses but making them more informed.

For example, instead of generating random guesses, using a more structured approach, such as a function that has specific patterns, like alternating high and low regions.

Let me think of an example. Suppose the function h is a step function that alternates between 1 and 0 in such a way that it's spread out. For example, if the interval [0,2] is divided into segments, and h is set to 1 in some segments and 0 in others, arranged periodically.

But how to ensure that the integral is 1 over [0,2]? For example, if the function is 1 with length 1.0, then it would satisfy the integral. However, the overlap when shifted would depend on the spacing.

Alternatively, using a function with multiple ternary levels, like 0, 0.5, 1, which could help balance the overlap.

But again, this is just brainstorming. The key is to modify the existing code to find a better solution.

Let me outline the steps I would take to modify the previous code:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, include functions that are combinations of sine waves, square waves, and other patterns.
2. Tune the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP optimizers to improve convergence.
3. Reduce the number of initial guesses but make them more informed, focusing on patterns that are likely to yield good C5 values.
4. Increase the number of refinement steps or adjust their parameters to get a better solution.
5. Use a more efficient optimization method, such as using a different solver or adjusting the existing one.

For example, in the previous code, the initial guesses are generated with pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Maybe adding more specific patterns like a square wave with different duty cycles, or a combination of multiple functions.

Another idea: generate initial guesses that are periodic functions with certain frequencies, which are known to have good properties in terms of minimizing overlap.

So, modifying the code to generate more types of functions, like square waves, modulated signals, etc.

Also, for the differential evolution, adjusting parameters like the mutation rate and population size could help.

Additionally, in the refinement steps, using a higher number of iterations and tighter tolerances could help further minimize the C5 value.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation time. The current code uses np.correlate, which is O(n^2) for the correlation. For large n_points, this could be slow, but since the previous code uses n_points=45, it's manageable.

In conclusion, the plan is to modify the initial guess generation, adjust the optimization parameters, and refine the code to explore the solution space more effectively, leading to a better C5 bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [3, 4, 5, 6]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 40, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=40,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 50, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```