<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous approach used a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP refinement, starting from an initial guess. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. Hmm, maybe I can find a better construction.

First, I should think about the problem. The goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum of the convolution of h and 1-h. Since the function h is a step function, maybe there's a way to structure it with specific patterns that reduce the overlap.

The previous code tried various patterns like pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. But perhaps there's a better approach. Maybe using a more structured approach, like partitioning the interval [0,2] into segments with specific properties. For example, if the function h is designed to be periodic or have symmetry, that might help.

Another thought: the problem is similar to optimizing a function under constraints. Maybe using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code used differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but perhaps a combination of local and global methods could be better. Also, the constraints require that the integral of h is 1, so any solution must satisfy that.

Wait, the current code uses an initial_h_values, which is a 45-sample array. Maybe starting from that initial guess is a good idea, but perhaps I can generate other initial guesses based on different strategies. For example, instead of random patterns, maybe create some structured initial patterns that are more likely to lead to a better solution.

Another idea: since the overlap integral depends on the maximum value, perhaps the optimal h is designed to minimize the overlap for all possible shifts. This suggests that h should be as "spread out" as possible, avoiding any region where it's high and then low again for nearby shifts. Maybe a piecewise constant function with specific intervals that are spaced to prevent overlaps.

Let me think about the convolution. The overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). To minimize the maximum over k, h should be arranged so that when you shift it, the overlap is as small as possible. This is similar to a Fourier analysis problem where you want to minimize the maximum value of the convolution. But since it's a real function, perhaps using some Fourier techniques could help? However, since we're working with a step function, maybe a more direct approach is better.

Another approach: consider the problem as a covering problem. The function h(x) must cover the interval [0,2] such that when shifted, the overlap with 1-h is minimized. So, perhaps the optimal h has a structure where its regions are spaced in a way that when shifted, their overlaps are minimized.

Alternatively, maybe using a mixture of different patterns. For example, combining a triangular wave with a pulse pattern. Or, using a more sophisticated structure that takes into account the shifts.

Wait, the previous code tried different patterns, but maybe the key is to use more structured initial guesses. For instance, creating an initial guess that is a periodic function with certain properties. For example, a function that alternates between high and low values in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

But how to generate such a function algorithmically? Let's think. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into intervals where h is 1 or 0 in such a way that the maximum overlap is minimized. However, this is a combinatorial problem, and with 45 points, it might be too complex.

Alternatively, using a randomized approach but with more informed steps. Maybe using a genetic algorithm, but that could be time-consuming. Or, using gradient-based methods with better initial points.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is maximized over all possible shifts, perhaps the optimal h is such that the convolution h * (1 - h) has its maximum value as low as possible. This is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of the convolution. In signal processing terms, this is similar to finding a function h that has minimal "squared" overlap with its shifted versions. 

But how to model this? Maybe using a variational approach, but with the given constraints. However, since we need a step function, it's challenging.

Alternatively, perhaps using a non-uniform sampling approach. For example, the initial guess could be a step function with varying heights and widths that are spaced in a way to avoid overlaps. But again, how to generate this?

Back to the optimization approach. The previous code uses differential evolution and then SLSQP refinement. Maybe the key is to improve the initial guesses. For example, instead of generating random patterns, perhaps create some structured patterns that are more promising. For example, a function with high values in non-overlapping regions, but that's not possible since the integral must be 1. 

Wait, the integral of h over [0,2] must be 1, so the average value of h is 0.5. So, the function must be 0.5 on average. So, perhaps a good initial guess is a function that has regions where it's higher than 0.5 and lower than 0.5, arranged in a way that when shifted, their overlaps are minimized.

Another approach: the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). If k is small, then the overlap is between nearby regions of h. So, to minimize this, h should not have high and low regions that are close to each other. Thus, the function should be as spread out as possible.

So, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, with the intervals spaced in such a way that their overlaps when shifted are minimal. However, creating such a function would require careful planning.

Alternatively, using a greedy algorithm. For example, starting with a function that covers the entire interval and iteratively adjusting the regions to minimize the maximum overlap. But with the constraints of the integral, this might be complex.

Wait, the previous code starts from the initial_h_values, which might be a good point. Maybe the key is to refine that initial guess more effectively. Perhaps using a more sophisticated optimization method, or adjusting the parameters of the existing methods.

Another thought: the current code uses SLSQP for refinement. Maybe using a different optimization method would yield better results. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, or another local optimizer that is more effective.

Alternatively, combining multiple optimization strategies. For example, using a differential evolution to explore the space and then using a gradient-based method like SLSQP to refine the solution.

Moreover, the previous code used several different initial guesses, including various patterns. Maybe adding more structured initial patterns could help find a better solution. For example, using wavelets or other structured functions.

Another point: the code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 45). However, maybe using more points (like 100 or 200) would allow for a better approximation, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. So, staying with 45 or 50 points might be better.

Wait, the code starts with the initial_h_values, which is n=45. So, maybe using that as the base, but trying to optimize it with better methods.

Let me think about the objective function. The overlap integral is calculated using np.correlate with mode 'full', then multiplied by dx. The maximum of this value is the C5. So, the optimization is trying to minimize this maximum value.

Another approach: Since the problem is to minimize the maximum of the convolution, maybe we can use a coordinate descent approach. Iteratively adjusting the h values to reduce the maximum overlap. However, this would be time-consuming.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the Powell method or another derivative-free optimization technique.

But the current code uses differential evolution and then SLSQP. Maybe adjusting the parameters of these methods could lead to better results. For example, increasing the population size in differential evolution, or increasing the number of iterations.

Wait, the current code limits the differential evolution to 60 iterations, with a population size of 150. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help explore more of the solution space. However, this would take more time. Since the budget is 100 seconds, we need to balance the time spent on each search.

Another idea: instead of generating multiple initial guesses, focus on optimizing the initial_h_values more thoroughly. For example, using more iterations of the optimization process, or more intensive refinement steps.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach where multiple initializations are tried, each time with a different starting point, and then selecting the best among them. The previous code tried this by generating different initial guesses, but maybe there's a better way to generate these initial guesses.

Another possibility: using a combination of different function types in the initial guesses. For example, not only pulse, saw, and triangle waves, but also more complex patterns. For example, combining them with random perturbations.

Also, the initial code uses a random seed, which might not be the best. Maybe using a different random seed or a more structured approach for generating initial guesses.

Hmm, but the main challenge is to find a better construction than the previous one. Let's think of a way to improve the initial guess.

Maybe generating a function that is a combination of two different waveforms. For example, a function that has high values in two regions, each spaced such that their overlaps with shifts are minimized. But how to construct this?

Alternatively, using a function that is symmetric around the midpoint of [0, 2], which could help in balancing the overlaps.

Wait, considering that the interval is [0,2], maybe splitting it into segments. For example, if h is 1 in intervals that are spaced with some distance, such that shifting by certain amounts doesn't overlap. However, since the function must have integral 1, the total area of the function must be 1. So, if it's 1 in certain intervals, those intervals must be of length 1, or spread out in a way that their total integral is 1.

But again, how to code this algorithmically?

Another idea: using a periodic function with certain parameters. For example, a sine wave that is scaled to fit the integral constraint. But since it's a step function, maybe approximating it with a staircase function.

However, the problem is that the step function needs to be piecewise constant, which complicates things. Maybe generating a function that has a certain number of steps, arranged in a way that maximizes the spacing between high and low regions.

Alternatively, using a binary representation of the function. For example, a function that is 1 or 0 in different regions, with the total integral being 1. This would be similar to a binary optimization problem, but with the constraint of the integral.

But with 45 points, this is possible. For example, each point is either 0 or 1, and the number of 1s is 22.5, but since it's an integer, 22 or 23. However, this is a very small search space, and the optimal solution might be found with a better approach. However, brute force is not feasible here.

But maybe using a genetic algorithm where the individuals are binary strings, and the fitness function is the C5 value. However, with 45 points, the search space is too large for this to be feasible quickly.

So, perhaps going back to the original approach. Let's think about how to improve the existing code.

The previous code tried several different initial guesses, such as different pulse, sawtooth, and triangle wave patterns, with varying frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe generating more of these patterns could help. But how?

Another idea: instead of generating all these patterns, focus on a few that are more likely to lead to a good solution. For example, a sawtooth wave with a certain duty cycle, or a combination of multiple pulses spaced apart.

Alternatively, using a more structured approach to generate the initial guess, such as a function that is a combination of square waves with specific shifts.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the key is to optimize the existing code more effectively. For example, increasing the number of iterations in the optimization steps, or using better initial points.

Wait, in the previous code, the differential evolution is called with a population size of 150 and 60 iterations. Maybe increasing the population size could improve the chances of finding a better solution. But with a time budget, we need to balance the parameters.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using scipy's basin hopping method, which combines random perturbations with local optimization. However, I'm not sure if that would be faster or better.

Another possibility: the current code uses multiple initial guesses, but perhaps some of them are not effective. For example, generating random patterns might not be as useful. Instead, using the initial_h_values as a starting point and trying to refine it more effectively.

Alternatively, using a different type of initial guess. For example, a function that is a combination of the initial guess and some random noise, to explore nearby regions.

But how to implement this? Let me think.

In the current code, the initial guess is the initial_h_values, and then several other patterns are generated. Maybe the best way is to start with the initial_h_values and then perform a more intensive optimization on it.

So, perhaps modifying the code to focus more on refining the initial_h_values, perhaps using SLSQP with more iterations, or using a different method.

Another thing: the previous code has a loop where it tries multiple initial guesses. Maybe that's not efficient, and focusing on the initial_h_values and refining it further could be better.

Wait, the initial_h_values is a 45-point array. Maybe it's already a good starting point, and the key is to optimize it further. However, the previous code's result was C5 bound of 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. So there's a small margin. Maybe the code can find a better solution by optimizing more effectively.

So, to improve this, perhaps the code can focus on using the initial guess and applying a more effective local optimization method. For example, using SLSQP with more iterations and better settings.

Alternatively, combining the differential evolution with a more refined optimization step.

Another idea: using a penalty method to handle the constraints. The previous code uses an equality constraint for the integral of h. But maybe the way the constraint is handled could be improved.

Also, the current code evaluates the objective function with np.correlate. However, the mode is 'full', which returns the full convolution. But the maximum over k would be the maximum of the convolution values. However, the exact details of the correlation might affect the computation. Perhaps there's a way to calculate it more efficiently or accurately, but I'm not sure.

Another point to consider: the time budget is 100 seconds. The current code has a loop that runs several initial guesses, each with differential evolution and SLSQP. But if the code is spending too much time on the initial guesses, perhaps it could be optimized.

Maybe the code could focus on a few high-quality initial guesses and refine them thoroughly. For example, using the initial_h_values and some generated patterns like a sawtooth with certain parameters, then applying a more intensive optimization.

So, here's an idea: instead of generating many different initial guesses, generate a few promising ones (like the initial_h_values, a sawtooth with duty cycle 0.5, etc.), and then apply a more intensive optimization, such as multiple rounds of SLSQP refinement, using the best solution from each step.

Additionally, using parallel processing could help, but the user has only one CPU available.

Another thing: the code uses a seed, which may lead to the same results each time. Maybe varying the seed could help in exploring different regions of the solution space.

But given all these thoughts, perhaps the key improvement is to focus on the initial guess and perform a more thorough optimization. Here's a plan:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as the main initial guess.
2. Use a more effective optimization method, such as a combination of differential evolution for global search and SLSQP for local refinement.
3. Increase the number of iterations for both methods to allow for more thorough exploration.
4. Evaluate several different initial patterns (like a sawtooth or triangle wave) to avoid getting stuck in local optima.
5. Use a more efficient way to generate initial guesses, focusing on patterns that are more likely to yield good results.

Another approach: instead of using random guesses, use a structured initial pattern. For example, generate a function that is a combination of two square waves, spaced apart to minimize overlap when shifted.

But how to code this? For example, a function that has high values in two non-overlapping intervals, each of length 0.5, but that's just a guess. The exact structure would need to be determined.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 with certain periodicity. For example, a square wave that repeats every certain interval, but adjusted to have the correct integral.

But time is limited, so perhaps focusing on improving the existing code's optimization parameters.

Wait, the previous code uses a differential evolution with a population size of 150 and 60 iterations. Perhaps increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help. For example, using a population size of 200 and 80 iterations. However, this would take more time, so need to balance the budget.

Alternatively, using a different method for the initial exploration. For example, using a genetic algorithm for the initial exploration, but given the time constraints, it might not be feasible.

Another observation: the previous code uses the same n_points=45 as the initial_h_values. Changing this to a different number of points could yield better results, but it's unclear. However, the user prefers smaller sequences (under 1k samples), so 45 is acceptable.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, vectorizing operations instead of using np.correlate, which may be slower for large n_points. However, with n_points=45, this is manageable.

Wait, the np.correlate function is used with mode 'full', which returns a result of length 2n_points -1. But for the given parameters, it's possible that there's a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral. However, the code seems to already handle it correctly.

Perhaps the main issue is the optimization method. The current code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimizer, but maybe combining it with other techniques could help. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach to select the best points to evaluate, but I'm not sure how to implement that quickly.

In summary, the plan is:

- Start with the initial_h_values as a good initial guess.
- Generate additional initial guesses based on structured patterns (like sawtooth waves with varying duty cycles).
- Use differential evolution for initial exploration, followed by SLSQP refinement.
- Increase the number of iterations for both steps to allow more thorough optimization.
- Focus on refining the best solutions found, possibly with multiple refinement steps.
- Monitor the time budget and stop early if needed to return the best solution found.

Now, translating this into code.

The previous code had several loops and generated various initial guesses. Perhaps optimizing the parameters and focusing on more effective initial guesses could lead to better results.

Another thing to consider: the code uses a random seed, which may not be optimal. Maybe using multiple seeds or different random patterns could help, but this is already handled by generating various initial guesses.

So, modifying the code to:

- Use a more intensive optimization of the initial_h_values and a couple of other structured patterns.
- Increase the number of iterations for the differential evolution and SLSQP steps.
- Reduce the number of initial guesses to focus on the most promising ones.

In code:

- Generate a few structured initial guesses (like sawtooth with duty cycle 0.5, etc.)
- Use differential evolution with increased iterations and population.
- Use SLSQP refinement with multiple passes.

Also, the previous code had some exceptions in the optimization process, which may be skipped. Maybe handling them more carefully.

Another thing: the code has a loop that tries to generate different initial guesses, but perhaps it's better to limit the number of guesses to avoid spending too much time.

In summary, the updated code would focus on a few key initial patterns and perform a more thorough optimization on them, using more iterations and better parameters.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def generate_pattern(freq, duty, type_func):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        if type_func == 'pulse':
            wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
            return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
        elif type_func == 'saw':
            return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
        elif type_func == 'triangle':
            return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
        else:
            return np.random.rand(n_points) * duty

    def slsqp_refine(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    def de_search():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=30,
                                             mutation=(0.4, 0.8), recombination=0.7, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    guesses = [h]
    guesses.append(generate_pattern(3, 0.5, 'saw'))
    guesses.append(generate_pattern(3, 0.5, 'triangle'))

    for g in guesses:
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        try:
            h_opt = de_search()
            h_opt = slsqp_refine(h_opt)
            c = obj(h_opt)
            if c < best_c5:
                best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
        except:
            pass

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```