<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. The previous code used a differential evolution approach with some refinement steps, but it's not achieving the target. Let me think about how to improve this.

First, I should understand the problem better. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral with shifts. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The key is to minimize this maximum value.

The previous code starts with an initial h and uses differential evolution (DE) to find a better solution. Then it refines using SLSQP. But maybe DE is not the best approach here. Maybe a different optimization method could find better minima. Also, the initial guess might be a local optimum, so using different starting points or exploring more diverse solutions could help.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points=45) and the initial_h_values is provided. But perhaps using a different number of points could help. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The previous code uses 45, which is small. But maybe using more points could allow for a more precise optimization, but that might take more time. Wait, the budget is 100 seconds, so perhaps using more points is not feasible.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial construction isn't optimal. So maybe generating different starting points could lead to better results. For example, using a more structured initial guess, like a periodic function or some other pattern that potentially reduces the overlap.

Another approach is to look into the structure of the problem. The overlap integral's maximum is over k. So for each shift k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx is the overlap between h and the shifted 1-h function. To minimize the maximum of these overlaps, we need h to be arranged so that it doesn't overlap too much with its shifted versions.

This resembles a kind of anti-correlation problem. Maybe the optimal h is a function that has high values where 1-h has low values, and vice versa, but spread out enough to minimize overlaps for different shifts.

I remember that in similar problems, such as minimizing the maximum correlation, certain constructions are used, like using a periodic function with specific intervals. For example, a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged so that their shifts don't overlap much. However, since h is a step function, maybe something like that could work.

But how to adapt that into an optimization problem? The previous code uses DE and SLSQP, but maybe a different optimization strategy. For instance, using a genetic algorithm, or a simulated annealing approach, or a gradient-based method with better constraints handling.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but maybe with parameters that could be adjusted. For example, increasing the population size or the number of iterations. However, the code already has a few iterations. Maybe the problem is that the initial guess is not good enough, so using multiple different starting points could help.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of DE iterations, but perhaps using a more adaptive approach would be better. Also, the refinement step uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe combining multiple optimization methods could help. Alternatively, using a different initial guess.

Wait, the user mentioned that the initial_h_values is available, but perhaps generating other starting points could lead to better results. For example, constructing a starting h that alternates between 0 and 1 in a certain pattern.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more informed initial guess. For instance, if I can find a construction that has a lower C5 than the initial one, that could be a good starting point.

But the user's previous code has an initial_h_values, which might have a C5 value higher than the target. So the initial step is to find a way to improve that initial guess.

Another thought: the current code uses the same n_points as the initial_h_values (45 samples). Maybe using a different number of samples could help. However, the user says smaller sequences are preferred. But maybe the n_points could be adjusted. However, the code uses the length of initial_h_values, which is 45. So changing that would require modifying the code, but perhaps it's not allowed unless the user provides a different initial construction.

Alternatively, maybe the problem is in the objective function and constraints. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full'. Let me check: the correlation of h and (1 - h) in 'full' mode gives the convolution where each shift k is considered. But the overlap integral is over all x, so for shift k, the integral is the sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) * dx. The np.correlate with mode 'full' gives the cross-correlation at all lags, but the maximum of these values multiplied by dx would be the maximum overlap integral. So that seems correct.

Now, how can the code be modified? Maybe the DE parameters are not optimal. For example, the mutation and recombination parameters. Also, the initial DE run could be more extensive.

But perhaps the main problem is the initial solution being a local optimum. Maybe trying different initializations could lead to better results. For example, using a random starting point, or a structured one.

Wait, the user mentioned that the previous code achieved C5 of 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. So maybe changing the optimization approach to find a better solution.

Another idea: the current code uses differential evolution, which is a population-based method. But maybe using a combination of global and local optimization. For example, first run a genetic algorithm to explore the space, then use local refinement.

Alternatively, using Bayesian optimization or other methods for global optimization might be better, but with the given time budget, that might be challenging.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be transformed into a constrained optimization problem that's more amenable to certain solvers. For example, using a gradient-based method with proper constraints.

But the constraints are that the sum of h is n_points/2. The objective is the maximum of the correlation values. However, the maximum is a non-smooth function, which makes it difficult for gradient-based methods. Hence, the need for global optimization methods.

Another approach is to use a parameterized form of h. For example, if we can find a way to model h as a sequence of intervals with specific lengths where it is 0 or 1, then the problem becomes more structured and perhaps easier to optimize. For instance, if h is composed of intervals where it is 1 for some lengths and 0 for others, arranged to minimize overlaps. However, this might complicate the optimization.

But given that h is a step function (which can be represented by samples), perhaps the code can be modified to explore different structures.

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal h has certain symmetry properties. For example, a function that is periodic with certain period, or has a specific pattern that avoids overlap with shifted versions.

Another idea: instead of using real-valued h, model h as a binary step function with certain intervals. For example, if we can model h as being 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, then the overlap integral becomes the integral over x where h(x) is 1 and (1-h(x + k)) is 1, i.e., where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0.

The total area under h is 1, so the total length of intervals where h is 1 is 1/dx, which is n_points/2. For example, if n_points is 45, dx is 2/45 ≈ 0.0444, so the total length of 1's is 45/2 = 22.5.

If we can design h as a sequence of intervals with certain lengths, then the maximum overlap for different shifts can be calculated. However, finding such an optimal arrangement is challenging.

But perhaps for a small number of intervals, we can model h as a set of intervals and optimize their positions. This approach might be more structured but could be time-consuming to implement.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more aggressive refinement step. For example, after finding a solution via DE, using a more intense optimization with SLSQP to converge to a better local minimum.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate, which might be the correct approach. But maybe there's a more efficient way to compute the maximum overlap integral for different shifts. However, the code is already using the correct method.

So, perhaps the previous code's approach is almost correct, but the parameters need to be adjusted. For example, increasing the number of DE iterations, adjusting the population size, or trying different mutation and recombination parameters.

In the previous code, the DE is run with popsize=150, maxiter=50. Maybe increasing maxiter could help. Also, the refinement steps are limited. Maybe adding more refinement steps or using a different method.

But given the time budget, increasing the number of iterations could be costly. For example, if the DE is run with more iterations, it might take more time.

Alternatively, perhaps changing the optimization method. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a different selection strategy, or a particle swarm optimization.

Another angle: the code uses uniform random sampling as the initial guess. But perhaps using a better initial guess can lead to better results. For example, starting with the initial_h_values provided and then trying to perturb it.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess, such as a periodic function. For example, placing the 1's and 0's in a pattern that's spread out over the interval [0,2]. For example, a function that alternates between 1 and 0 with certain spacing, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

But how to generate such an initial guess algorithmically?

Another idea: the current code uses differential evolution with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe using a dynamic approach, where the algorithm runs DE for a certain number of iterations and then switches to a more local optimization. However, the previous code already does some refinement steps.

Alternatively, consider using a multi-start approach. Run DE multiple times with different starting points and select the best result. For example, running DE with different populations to explore different regions of the search space.

But given the time constraints, this might not be feasible unless the code is optimized.

Another thought: the current code's objective function is the maximum of the correlation. However, maximizing the correlation for a given h can be expensive. Maybe there's a way to approximate this function to make the optimization more efficient.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model that approximates the objective function, allowing for more efficient optimization. But this might be beyond the scope for a 100-second runtime.

Let me think about possible code modifications. For example, adjusting the DE parameters to allow for more exploration. For instance, using a higher mutation factor or a lower recombination weight. Also, perhaps using a different optimization method for the refinement steps, such as using a method like Nelder-Mead.

Alternatively, changing the way the constraints are handled. The current code uses SLSQP with the equality constraint. Maybe using a penalty method for the constraint instead.

But in the previous code, the constraint is enforced with SLSQP, which is correct.

Another possible issue is the initial guess. If the initial_h_values is not a good starting point, the optimization might get stuck. So, perhaps generating a different initial guess would help. For example, starting with a random initialization or a structured initial guess.

But the user mentions that if initial_h_values is available, we should use it directly. So perhaps the previous approach uses the initial_h_values, which is the starting point, but maybe that's not the best.

Alternatively, generating several initial guesses, including the initial_h_values and some others, and then running the optimization on all of them, selecting the best result.

But how to generate other initial guesses algorithmically?

Another idea: to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method in SLSQP for the refinement steps, which handles bounds and constraints.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method with different settings, like increasing the maximum number of iterations.

In the previous code, the refinement step has a maxiter of 100. Maybe increasing that could allow better local minima.

Wait, let's check the code again. The previous code has:

for _ in range(5):
    if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
        break
    best_h = refine(best_h)
    if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
        best_c5 = obj(best_h)

So, after the initial DE steps, the code runs 5 refinement steps. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps could help.

Another possible improvement is to use a more aggressive initial step, like using a different initial population for DE. For example, using the initial_h_values as part of the initial population for DE.

Alternatively, using a different optimizer for the initial steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a larger population size, but that might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a combination of different optimizers. For example, starting with a global optimizer like DE, followed by a local optimizer like SLSQP, and perhaps even a gradient-based method if the objective is smooth enough.

Another thing to consider is that the problem is convex? No, because the objective is the maximum of non-convex functions. So the problem is non-convex, and thus, we need global optimization methods.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code by adjusting the parameters of the DE and the refinement steps to achieve better results.

So, possible changes to the previous code:

1. Increase the number of DE iterations or change the mutation/recombination parameters to explore more of the search space.
2. Change the refinement method to use more iterations or a different optimization algorithm.
3. Generate different initial guesses and run the optimization from multiple starting points.
4. Adjust the population size or other parameters of the DE to balance exploration and exploitation.
5. Try using a different initial guess, such as a random one, or a structured one, to avoid local optima.

Let me think about implementing some of these changes.

For example, changing the DE parameters. The current code has:

res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=50, mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)

Maybe increasing maxiter to, say, 100 and adjusting the mutation parameters to allow for more exploration.

Alternatively, using a smaller popsize to reduce computation time but allowing more iterations.

Another idea is to use a different initial population for DE. For instance, including the initial_h_values in the initial population.

Alternatively, trying a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using the basin-hopping method, which is a global optimization algorithm that combines local optimization with random perturbations.

But time is limited, and the code has to run within 100 seconds.

Another possible change is to use a more aggressive refinement step. For example, in the refinement step, using a higher number of iterations.

Also, the current code uses a fixed number of refinement steps. Maybe increasing that number could help.

Moreover, using a different optimization method for the refinement steps. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method, which is suitable for bound-constrained problems, but it's a local optimizer. However, the constraints must be handled properly. Since the objective is the max of multiple terms, the gradient might be noisy, making it hard for gradient-based methods to convergence.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where after DE, we use a more precise local optimization.

Another thing to consider: the initial_h_values may not be optimal. If I can generate a different initial guess that is better than the initial_h_values, that could lead to better results. For instance, creating a structured initial guess like a periodic function with certain intervals.

For example, suppose we divide the [0,2] interval into several segments, and assign h to be 1 in some segments and 0 in others. For instance, if we divide into m intervals, each with length dx, then the total length of the 1's is n_points/2. So m = 45, dx = 2/45 ≈ 0.0444. So if we want the total length of the 1's to be 22.5, we have 22.5 / dx ≈ 508.33 intervals. But since n_points is 45, dx is 2/45, and the sum of h must be 22.5, so the sum of h is 45/2 = 22.5, which means that the number of points where h is 1 is 22.5 / (dx) ??? No, wait: sum(h) = n_points/2. Since dx = 2 / n_points, the integral is sum(h) * dx = (n_points/2) * (2 / n_points) ) = 1. So the sum of h must be n_points / 2. For n_points=45, sum(h) = 45/2 = 22.5. So in the initial_h_values, which is provided, the sum is 22.5.

But constructing a structured h would require arranging the 1's and 0's in a way that minimizes overlaps. For example, placing the 1's and 0's in a pattern that avoids overlap with their shifts.

An example of such a pattern could be using a periodic function with a certain period. For instance, a function that is 1 for a certain number of points and 0 for others, arranged such that the distance between the 1's and 0's is maximized.

However, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to code this. But maybe generating a random initial guess with a different pattern could help.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess, such as randomly assigning values to h while maintaining the sum constraint. However, that might not be better than the current initial guess.

Another Idea: Use a Multi-Stage Optimization

Phase 1: Use a global optimizer (like DE) with a smaller population size and fewer iterations to find a good initial solution.

Phase 2: Use a local optimizer (like SLSQP) to refine that solution.

Phase 3: Use a different optimizer or perturb the solution to escape local minima and find better solutions.

But again, time is a constraint.

Another possible optimization is to precompute the correlation values and use a different objective function. However, that's already being done.

Now, to modify the previous code, perhaps the following changes could be made:

- Increase the number of DE iterations to explore more.

- Use a different population size.

- Change the DE parameters, such as mutation and recombination rates, to allow better exploration.

- Run multiple DE runs with different seeds to avoid local minima.

- Use a different refinement method, such as using multiple SLSQP steps with different initial guesses.

But in the previous code, it's already running DE a few times and refining.

Alternatively, using a different approach, such as using a gradient-based method with a better way to approximate the maximum correlation function.

But that might not be feasible, as the objective is a maximum over many values, which is non-differentiable.

Perhaps another idea is to use a non-uniform sampling of shifts. For example, instead of evaluating the correlation for all possible k's, which can be a lot, but in practice, for a step function with n_points samples, the number of possible k's is limited. For example, the maximum shift k for which the correlation is evaluated is up to 2 - dx, since the interval is [0,2]. But with n_points samples, the maximum k for which the correlation is non-zero is limited.

Another point: the current code computes the correlation with mode 'full', which for two vectors of length n_points gives a result of length 2n_points - 1. The maximum of this is used as the objective. But for shifts that are too large (greater than the length of h), the correlation may be zero. However, the maximum is taken over all possible shifts, so the objective is correctly computed.

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed number of DE iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations could help find a better solution.

So, modifying the DE parameters to increase maxiter from 50 to 100 or more.

Also, the mutation parameter is (0.5, 0.95). Maybe using a mutation strategy that increases the diversity of the population, such as a higher upper bound on mutation.

Additionally, the recombination rate is 0.8, which is quite high, leading to more crossover. Maybe adjusting this parameter.

Another possible change is to use a different optimization method. For example, using the covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy (CMA-ES), which is effective for high-dimensional problems. However, implementing this from scratch might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a more aggressive mutation in DE. For example, using a mutation factor higher than 0.95.

Another Idea: Instead of using the initial_h_values, generate a different initial guess. For example, using a random initialization with the sum constraint. This could help avoid getting stuck in a local optimum.

But the user's code uses the initial_h_values as the starting point. However, perhaps changing the initial guess could lead to better results.

In the previous code, the initial_h is set to initial_h_values.copy(). So if we replace that with a random initial guess with the same sum, perhaps the optimization could find a better solution.

But generating a random initial guess with the correct sum could be done via:

h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum

But this requires adjusting the initial guess. However, the previous code uses the initial_h_values, which may not be the best starting point.

Thus, perhaps modifying the code to use multiple initial guesses, such as the initial_h_values and some randomized ones, could help.

But given the time constraints, it's better to stick to the initial_h_values and try to improve the code around it.

Another adjustment: in the previous code, the refinement steps after DE are limited. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps could lead to a better solution.

For example, changing the code to run more refinement iterations, or use a different optimization method for refinement.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the refinement steps. For example, instead of SLSQP, using the Nelder-Mead method, which doesn't require gradients.

But without knowing which method is better, it's hard to say.

In summary, the possible changes to the code are:

1. Increase the number of DE iterations to allow more exploration.
2. Adjust DE parameters (mutation, recombination) to allow better exploration.
3. Use a different initial guess, such as a random one.
4. Increase the number of refinement steps.
5. Use a better optimization method for the refinement steps.

Now, I'll try to implement these changes in the code.

For example, increasing maxiter from 50 to 100 and adjusting the mutation parameters.

Also, perhaps changing the refinement method to use a higher maxiter and/or different constraints handling.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The code uses the maximum of the correlation, which is correct, but perhaps it can be optimized by using a different representation or by vectorizing operations.

Another possible optimization: precompute the correlation and avoid redundant calculations. But the code already uses np.correlate, which is efficient.

So, modifying the previous code by:

- Increasing the DE maxiter to 100.

- Adjusting the mutation parameters.

- Increasing the number of refinement steps.

- Possibly changing the refinement method.

For example, in the DE step, changing maxiter to 100 and adjusting mutation parameters.

Let me see the code again:

The current code runs DE with maxiter=50. Changing that to 100.

Also, the mutation is (0.5, 0.95). Maybe using a higher upper bound, like (0.6, 1.0), to explore more.

Another thing: the initial code uses a random seed, but the current seed is fixed. Maybe not exploitable.

Another possible change: in the refinement step, using a higher number of iterations. Let's adjust the maxiter from 100 to 200.

Also, in the refinement step, the code uses SLSQP with constraints. Perhaps the current settings are not sufficient, and increasing the maxiter could help.

But the code already has a maxiter of 100 for the refinement steps.

Another possible change is to replace the DE with a different optimizer. However, without knowing which is better, it's hard.

In conclusion, the code can be modified to increase the number of DE iterations, adjust mutation parameters, and increase refinement steps, possibly leading to a better solution.

Now, to code this into the previous code:

In the DE function call, increase maxiter to 100, and adjust mutation parameters. Also, in the refinement steps, increase maxiter.

But also, in the code, the initial_h is taken from initial_h_values, which might not be optimal. But the user says to use it directly when available.

So, putting it all together, the modified code would have:

- More DE iterations.

- Tweaked mutation parameters.

- More refinement steps.

But also, considering time constraints, the code has to run within 100 seconds. So, increasing the number of DE iterations and refinement steps may take more time, so need to balance.

Another Idea: Use a more efficient optimization algorithm for DE. For example, using the 'best' strategy instead of 'rand' for mutation.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: after the initial DE, use a local optimization with SLSQP and then perturb the solution slightly and run another DE.

But this requires more code.

Another possible change is to use the initial_h_values as the starting point but also perturb it slightly to generate new initial guesses for DE.

But time is limited.

Another thing: check if the current code is properly handling the constraints. The objective is to find a h_values with sum(h) = n_points/2. The code uses an equality constraint in the refine step. Thus, during the refine steps, the constraints are enforced. However, during DE, the constraints are not enforced, but the bounds are 0 and 1. Wait, the DE function's bounds are [(0.,1.) for _ in ...], so the DE may generate h_values that violate the sum constraint. However, the refine step after DE ensures the constraint is met. But if the initial DE steps generate a solution that doesn't satisfy the constraint, the refine step should correct it. However, this may create issues during the optimization.

Wait, the DE is run with bounds, which restricts h_vals to [0,1], but the sum is not guaranteed. Thus, during the initial DE steps, the sum may not be correct, but the refine steps after DE enforce the sum constraint. So the code is correct.

But during the refinement, the code uses the SLSQP method, which respects the equality constraint.

Thus, the code is correct.

In conclusion, the main changes to make are:

- Increase the number of DE iterations.

- Adjust the mutation parameters.

- Increase the number of refinement steps.

Now, let's write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def de_step():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=100, mutation=(0.6, 1.0), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_step()
        h_opt = refine(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```