<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of different guess functions and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. The target is to get a C₅ value lower than 0.380876, ideally better than the previous 0.381142.

Hmm, the previous approach tried various waveforms and random guesses. Maybe I can think of different strategies. Let me recall what the problem is. We need a step function h on [0, 2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral over shifts is minimized. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum of the correlation between h and 1-h for different shifts.

The current code uses an initial guess based on some predefined waveforms. Maybe I can improve this by using a different initial setup or optimizing more effectively. Also, the previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution, which might get stuck in local minima. Perhaps using a different optimization strategy or more intelligent initial guesses could help.

Another thought: the problem resembles a covering problem where the function h needs to avoid overlapping too much with its shifted versions. Maybe using a more structured approach, like a periodic or symmetric pattern, could help. For example, using a piecewise constant function with multiple segments that are spaced out in a certain way.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given, which is for n=45 points. Maybe I can build on that. But the user said to start from the current construction. So perhaps I should try to refine it further.

Also, the code has a section where it generates various waveforms. Maybe I can generate more diverse initial guesses or use some symmetry. For instance, using a combination of pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves with different frequencies and duty cycles. But the previous code tried frequencies 3-9, which might be too limited.

Another approach: genetic algorithms. Maybe using a population-based optimization method where individuals are step functions, and we evolve them by mutation and crossover. But the user's code uses differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm. Maybe tweaking the parameters of differential evolution could help.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method, such as gradient-based methods with better convergence. However, the function to minimize (the maximum correlation) is non-smooth and might have many local minima, making gradient methods tricky.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with bounds and constraints. But for each guess, it runs SLSQP with some iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerances could lead to better results. Also, the current code has a refine step with SLSQP after some initial optimization.

Another idea: instead of trying random guesses, generate more structured initial guesses. For example, using a periodic function that's designed to minimize overlap. For example, a function that alternates between high and low values with certain spacing. But how to translate that into a step function?

Alternatively, considering that the integral of h is 1, which means the average value of h over [0,2] is 1/2. So the function is balanced. To minimize the overlap, h should avoid having large regions where it is high when shifted versions are also high.

Another thought: the problem is similar to maximizing the minimum distance between overlapping regions. So, maybe using a function that is designed to have minimal overlap when shifted. For example, a function that is high in regions that are spaced apart so that when shifted, they don't align with other high regions.

Wait, the current code uses a mix of different waveforms, but perhaps I can generate initial guesses that are more tailored towards the problem. For instance, using a function that's made of several pulses placed in a way that their shifts don't overlap much. For example, placing pulses at intervals that are not multiples of each other.

Also, the code uses a differential evolution step, which is population-based. Maybe increasing the population size or adjusting mutation parameters could help explore the search space better. However, with the time budget, I need to balance between exploration and computation time.

Another thing: the current code has a 'refine' step where it runs SLSQP again on the best solution found so far. Maybe doing more refine steps or using a different method for refinement could improve the result.

Alternatively, trying to use a different optimization library. For example, using Pyomo or other solvers. But the user's code uses scipy.optimize, so maybe sticking with that is better.

Let me think about the evaluation function. The C₅ is the maximum value of the correlation between h and 1-h. The correlation is computed via np.correlate with 'full' mode. For each shift k, the integral is the correlation at position k, multiplied by dx. The maximum of these is the value of C₅.

So, the goal is to minimize this maximum value. To do that, perhaps the function h should be structured such that for any shift k, the overlap between h and 1-h is minimized. Since h and 1-h are complementary, this means that h should avoid being high when shifted versions of itself are also high.

Another angle: the optimal function h is such that the overlap integral for any shift is as small as possible. This is similar to a covering problem where you want to arrange the high regions in h such that they are not aligned when shifted. So, maybe h should have multiple peaks or segments that are spread out.

Perhaps using a function that alternates between high and low values with certain periodicity. For example, a square wave with a certain duty cycle. But with the integral constraint, the duty cycle would need to be adjusted.

Wait, the initial_h_values are 45 points. Maybe using a more structured approach that creates a pattern with multiple regions. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and setting h to 1 in some of them and 0 in others, such that the integral is 1. But with 45 points, the integral is 1, so the number of regions where h is 1 would be about half the number of points, which is 22.5. So maybe 22 or 23 points set to 1 and others to 0. But this would be a simple step function. However, such a function may have high overlap when shifted.

Alternatively, arranging the 1s in such a way that their shifts don't align. For example, using a greedy approach where each new 1 is placed such that it's as far as possible from the previous ones. But this is a heuristic and might not lead to the optimal solution.

But since the code is allowed to use any optimization method, perhaps trying to generate better initial guesses by using such a pattern could help. However, how to generate these patterns algorithmically?

Another idea: using a greedy approach to build the h function. Start with an initial guess, then iteratively adjust it to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, using a simulated annealing approach where we try to swap or adjust the values of h to reduce the maximum overlap. But this would be computationally intensive.

Alternatively, using a model-based approach where we approximate h as a piecewise function with certain properties. For instance, using Fourier series, but since h is a step function, that might not be straightforward.

Let me go back to the previous code. The code uses several guess functions, such as pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and sine waves. Maybe generating more diverse guesses could help. For example, varying the frequency and duty cycles more, or combining different waveforms.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal function might have a specific structure, like being made of several segments with certain lengths. For example, if the function is composed of multiple pulses spaced in a certain way. Maybe using a frequency that is not an integer multiple, leading to better distribution.

Another thought: the problem is similar to the concept of a "partition" of the interval [0,2] into regions where h(x) is 1 or 0, with the constraint that the total measure is 1. To minimize the overlap integral, the regions where h is 1 should be arranged so that when shifted, they don't align with other regions. This is similar to the concept of a "covering code" or "packing" in combinatorics.

In that case, maybe the optimal solution involves placing the regions of 1s such that their shifts don't overlap. For example, if the regions are non-overlapping when shifted by certain amounts. However, since the shift can be any real number, this might be challenging. So perhaps using a function that is periodic with a certain period, ensuring that the shifts by the period would not overlap.

Wait, but the problem is for all possible shifts k. So the function needs to avoid overlap for any k. But since the integral is fixed, there's a balance between the number and placement of the regions.

Another approach: think about the problem in terms of Fourier transforms. The overlap integral for a shift k is the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). If we can model this as a convolution, maybe we can find some properties. But since h is a step function, this might be complex.

Alternatively, using the fact that the maximum overlap is equivalent to finding the worst-case shift. So the goal is to minimize the maximum value over all shifts. This might be approached by considering the worst-case scenario and trying to balance the function to avoid that.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? The previous code uses a numerical optimization approach, which is what's needed here.

So, perhaps the previous code could be improved by:

1. Using a more intelligent initial guess than the current one, maybe generating a better starting point based on known solutions or theoretical insights.

2. Adjusting the optimization parameters to allow for more thorough exploration of the search space, such as increasing the number of iterations or using more diverse initial guesses.

3. Combining different optimization methods, for example, using differential evolution to find a good initial guess and then refining it with SLSQP.

4. Trying to exploit symmetry or other structural properties of the optimal function, leading to better initial guesses.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed n_points (45) based on initial_h_values. Maybe trying with a different number of points. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, so staying under 1000 points is good.

Alternatively, maybe using a higher number of points could lead to better results. But since the current code uses 45 points, and the previous best was achieved with that, perhaps increasing the number of points could help. However, that might increase computation time, but the code is allowed to use up to 100 seconds.

So, if I decide to increase the number of points, I would have to adjust the initial_h_values accordingly. But the user says to start from the current construction. Alternatively, if there's no parent construction, I need to create an initial guess.

But the problem states that initial_h_values is available, so I should use that. So, the code starts with 45 points. Let me think about possible improvements.

Another thing to consider: the correlation calculation. The code uses np.correlate with 'full' mode, which gives the full cross-correlation, but for each k, the integral is computed. However, for the function h on [0,2], the overlap for a shift k would be over the interval where x and x +k are both in [0,2]. So the valid shifts k are such that x +k ∈ [0,2] when x is in [0,2]. Therefore, the range of k is [-2, 2]. However, the code computes the entire cross-correlation, which includes all shifts. But for our problem, the maximum value occurs in the middle of the correlation array (since the function is over [0,2], the correlation at shift k=0 is the integral of h(x)(1-h(x)), which is the same as the integral of h(x) times (1 - h(x)) over [0,2], but our problem considers the maximum over all shifts.

But the current code computes the maximum of the correlative, multiplied by dx. That's correct.

Now, to think about the optimization. The previous code tries multiple guess functions and then uses differential evolution and SLSQP to refine. To improve this, maybe the initial guess could be generated in a way that's more likely to lead to a good solution.

For example, using a pulse function with specific parameters. The previous code used gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, etc. Maybe trying different frequencies and duty cycles for these functions. Or combining them.

Another idea: using a more structured initial guess that's a combination of pulses. For example, placing multiple pulses spaced such that their shifts don't overlap much. For instance, placing them at intervals of a certain distance, ensuring that when shifted, they don't align with other pulses.

But how to generate that algorithmically? Maybe using a periodic function with a certain period and phase shift.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as a starting point and then perturbing it to find a better solution. However, the previous code already does some refinement steps.

Wait, the previous code uses a few different initial guesses, including the initial_h_values. So maybe the problem is that the current initial guesses are not diverse enough. To address this, generate more varied initial guesses, perhaps with different frequencies, phase shifts, and pulse patterns.

Another thought: using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a basin-hopping algorithm, which combines local optimization with random perturbations to escape local minima. However, scipy might not have this implemented, or it could be more complex to use.

Alternatively, using a combination of differential evolution and local optimization, as the current code does. But perhaps adjusting the parameters of differential evolution or the number of generations.

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed number of guesses. Perhaps generating more guesses, like using different combinations of frequencies and duty cycles, could lead to better initial points.

Also, the code uses a brute-force approach for generating guesses, but maybe there's a smarter way. For example, using a grid search over certain parameters, but with the time budget, that might not be feasible.

In terms of code structure, the previous code's run function is a bit complex. To improve it, perhaps simplifying the code by focusing on generating better initial guesses and more efficient optimization.

For example, instead of generating many different waveforms, focus on generating a few that are more promising. Or, generate initial guesses using a different approach, such as random placement of the regions where h is 1, ensuring the integral constraint.

Let me think about that. For example, if the function h is a step function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere. Let's say there are m intervals where h is 1, and the total length of these intervals is 1 (since ∫₀² h(x)dx = 1). To minimize overlap, these intervals should be placed as far apart as possible.

So, for example, if we have m intervals, each of length l, then m*l = 1. For simplicity, let's assume uniform intervals. The optimal placement is to spread them out as much as possible. For instance, placing them at positions that are spaced by some distance.

But how to model this? For instance, if m=2, then intervals could be placed at 0.25 and 1.75, each of length 0.5. For m=3, each interval is 1/3 length, placed at certain intervals.

But this is a simplistic approach, and the optimal may not be achieved by uniform intervals. However, this could be a starting point for generating initial guesses.

So, perhaps the code can generate an initial guess that is composed of multiple intervals, each of certain length, placed in a way to minimize overlap.

But how to do this algorithmically? For example, using a greedy algorithm to place each interval as far as possible from the previous ones.

Alternatively, using a Poisson distribution for placing the intervals. But again, this is a heuristic.

Another approach is to generate a periodic function that repeats a certain pattern. For example, a function that is high for a certain proportion of the interval and low for the rest, with a certain period.

In any case, the code needs to generate more effective initial guesses. Maybe the previous code's attempts to generate various waveforms are not sufficient.

Alternatively, perhaps using the current initial_h_values as a starting point and then applying a more targeted optimization. For example, adjusting the positions or values of the samples to reduce the overlap.

But to do that, we need to have a way to evaluate the impact of changes. However, this is what the current code is already doing with the optimization steps.

Another idea: using a more efficient optimization method. For instance, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm for local optimization, which is different from SLSQP. However, the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints, which might be more effective for this problem.

Alternatively, using a combination of multiple optimization techniques, such as starting with differential evolution, then using SLSQP to refine.

In summary, to improve the previous code, I could:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, perhaps with different patterns and parameters.
2. Tune the optimization parameters to allow for more thorough exploration.
3. Use a more efficient combination of optimization methods.
4. Focus on structural insights to generate better initial guesses.

Now, translating these ideas into code. Let me think about how to implement this.

First, the initial guess can be generated using a combination of different waveforms. For example, the previous code used pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and sine waves with various frequencies. Maybe increasing the range of frequencies or trying different duty cycles would help.

Another approach is to generate a function that is a combination of a few pulses with varying positions and widths. However, this might be complex to code.

Alternatively, using a randomly generated step function that meets the integral constraint and has certain properties. For example, placing the 1s in a way that balances the areas.

Another thing to note is that the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 45. Maybe trying a different number of points could yield better results. However, changing n_points would require adjusting the initial_h_values, which are given. So perhaps the current code uses 45 points, and we can't change that. So the code has to work with the given initial_h_values.

Thus, the previous code's approach of using 45 points is fixed. So the main task is to optimize within that framework.

Given that, perhaps the previous code can be improved by:

- Using better initial guesses, generated with different parameters.
- Increasing the number of guesses or varying the parameters of the guess functions.
- Adjusting the optimization parameters to allow for more accurate results.
- Performing more refinement steps.

For example, in the previous code, the guesses are generated with frequencies 3-9. Maybe expanding this range or adding more parameters could help. For instance, trying different phase shifts, frequencies, duty cycles, etc.

Additionally, the code uses 'gen_random()' to generate random guesses. Maybe increasing the number of random guesses and/or adjusting their parameters could help.

Another thing to consider is the time budget. The code has 100 seconds to run. The previous code uses differential evolution with 30 iterations and then refining with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution or using a larger population could lead to better results.

But the user's previous code already uses differential evolution for a few generations. Let's think about the code structure:

The code has:

for _ in range(3):
    if time is up, break
    h_opt = de_guess()
    h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
    if c < best_c5: update.

And then a refinement step with SLSQP.

So, perhaps increasing the number of differential evolution iterations and using a more diverse set of initial guesses could help.

Another idea: using a combination of different optimization methods. For example, using differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then using SLSQP to refine it further, and possibly using other methods like basin-hopping.

But with the time constraints, it's better to focus on the existing methods but optimize their parameters.

Another thing is the initial_h_values. If the initial guess is already a good one, maybe the code could start from that and only perform a few optimizations. But since the previous code already starts from that, perhaps the refinement steps are the key.

In conclusion, to improve the code, I can:

- Generate a more diverse set of initial guesses, including various waveforms with different parameters.
- Use differential evolution with a larger population size and more iterations.
- Refine the solution with SLSQP for more iterations.
- Explore other initial guess functions that may not have been tried yet.

Now, translating this into code. Let's consider possible changes.

The previous code generates guesses with frequencies 3-9, various duty cycles. Adding more frequencies or varying the parameters could help.

For example, adding more frequencies, or varying the duty cycles more widely. Also, the code has a gen_random() function which generates random guesses. Perhaps increasing the number of random guesses could lead to better exploration.

Another change could be to use different waveforms. For instance, adding a function that creates a step-like function with multiple peaks, or even a fractal-like structure.

However, coding this may be complex. Alternatively, using the existing functions with different parameters.

Alternatively, trying to generate a better initial guess by combining different waveforms.

Another thing to note is that the current code uses a single initial guess (initial_h_values) and then generates other guesses. Maybe adding more guesses based on other functions, such as a mixture of pulses and sine waves, could help.

In terms of code, to generate more guesses, the code can include more function calls to gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, etc., with different parameters.

Additionally, adjusting the parameters of these functions. For example, for gen_pulses, varying the frequency and duty cycle. For gen_saw, varying the frequency and duty as well.

Moreover, the code can generate more guesses by varying the phase of sine waves or other parameters.

Another idea is to generate guesses based on the initial_h_values. For example, perturbing it slightly and see how that affects the C₅ value.

But with the time constraint, it's better to focus on generating a good set of initial guesses.

Another aspect is the use of the 'refine' step. The previous code does 10 refine steps. Increasing the number of refine steps or the number of SLSQP iterations could yield better results.

In terms of code, perhaps increasing the 'maxiter' parameter in the SLSQP optimizer.

Also, adjusting the 'ftol' parameter to allow for more accurate convergence.

In the current code, the SLSQP has 'ftol=1e-10' which is very tight. Maybe increasing this to allow for faster convergence but still sufficient precision.

Overall, the main improvements would involve:

1. Generating more diverse and effective initial guesses.
2. Adjusting the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.
3. Increasing the number of refinement steps and iterations.

Now, putting this into code.

The previous code's 'guesses' list includes several generated functions. To generate more guesses, we can add more function calls with different parameters.

For example:

- Change the frequency range in gen_pulses to 2-10.
- Add more duty cycles for saw and triangle waves.
- Add more phases for sine waves.
- Increase the number of random guesses.

Additionally, the code can try different combinations of the existing functions.

So, modifying the guesses section to include more variations.

Also, the differential evolution step can be adjusted with more iterations.

In the code, the differential evolution is called three times. Increasing this to, say, 5 times, with more iterations or different parameters.

Another change: the code currently uses 'gen_random()' for generating random guesses. But this is done a limited number of times. Increasing the number of random guesses could help explore the search space.

In terms of code, the 'guesses' list is generated with:

guesses = [h]
for freq in range(3, 10):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.4))
for phase in np.linspace(0, 2*np.pi, 10):
    guesses.append(gen_sine(3, phase, 0.6))
for _ in range(10):
    guesses.append(gen_random())

Perhaps increasing the number of freq ranges, adding more duty cycles, and increasing the number of random guesses.

For example:

- Frequencies could be from 2 to 10.
- Duty cycles for saw and triangle waves could vary.
- More phases for sine waves.
- More random guesses.

Additionally, the 'gen_sine' function could have different frequencies and duty cycles.

Another idea is to add a function that generates a step function with multiple pulses, each of varying lengths and positions.

But given the time, it's better to stick with the existing functions but parameterize them more.

Now, considering the code's time constraints, the current code uses 100 seconds. The previous code's code structure may need to be adjusted to use more efficient parameters.

Finally, in terms of code structure, to reduce the number of lines and keep it within the token limit, perhaps simplifying the code by combining some functions or using more efficient loops.

In conclusion, the code can be improved by:

- Generating more diverse initial guesses with different parameters.
- Adjusting the differential evolution parameters for more iterations.
- Increasing the number of refinement steps with SLSQP.
- Using better optimization parameters for SLSQP.
- Exploring other waveforms or patterns not previously tried.

Now, translating all this into the Python code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_sine(freq, phase, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x + phase)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.4))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.6))
    for phase in np.linspace(0, 2 * np.pi, 15):
        guesses.append(gen_sine(3, phase, 0.6))
    for _ in range(15):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.85), recombination=0.7, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 40:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(20):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```