<think>
Okay, let's see. The user is trying to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous approach used a combination of different guess functions and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But they want a better result, aiming for a C₅ value lower than 0.380876.

Hmm, the previous code had several steps: generating initial guesses with pulses, sawtooth, triangle, etc., then optimizing them with SLSQP, and then using differential evolution for further refinement. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. So the previous code achieved 0.381142, which is slightly worse. The user wants to find a better solution.

First, I need to think about what could be different. The previous approach tried many different guess functions, but maybe there's a smarter way to initialize or optimize. Also, the code uses SLSQP and DE, which are local optimizers. Maybe using a different algorithm or adjusting hyperparameters could help.

Another thought: maybe using a more structured approach to the problem. Since the problem involves minimizing the maximum overlap integral, perhaps there's a way to model this as an optimization problem with more constraints or using a different optimization technique.

But given the time constraints and the need for a code that can run within 100 seconds, perhaps focusing on optimizing the existing approach with some tweaks. For example, trying different initial guesses, or combining multiple heuristics.

Wait, the previous code used a lot of guess functions, but maybe some of them are not effective. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help avoid local optima. Also, using a different optimization method like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing?

But the user's code already includes differential evolution, which is a global optimizer. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the parameters of DE?

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of different optimization strategies. For example, using a genetic algorithm to explore the search space more broadly and then refining with SLSQP.

But considering the available libraries, the user has access to scipy's optimization functions. The previous code uses SLSQP and DE. Maybe using a better initial guess is more important than changing the optimization method.

Another idea: perhaps the initial guess is not optimal. The initial_h_values is provided, but maybe starting from a different construction could lead to better results. However, the user says to start from the current construction if available, so I should use that.

Wait, the user's previous code tried different pulse, sawtooth, triangle, and sine functions. Maybe the current approach is not exploring enough of the possible functions. Perhaps trying more waveforms or different patterns?

Alternatively, maybe combining multiple functions. For example, creating a piecewise function with multiple regions where h(x) is 0 or 1, with some transitions. But how to model that in code?

Another approach is to think about the problem as a constrained optimization. The integral that needs to be minimized is the maximum over k of the overlap integral. So the problem is to find h that minimizes the maximum of these integrals.

The current approach uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. So the quality of the result depends a lot on the initial guess. To avoid getting stuck in local optima, maybe using multiple starting points and then refining them.

The previous code tried several initial guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, etc.), then optimized each with SLSQP. Then used DE to further refine. But perhaps the DE is not being run efficiently. Maybe increasing the number of DE iterations would help, but that would take more time.

Alternatively, maybe switching the order of optimization steps. For example, using DE first to find a good initial guess, then SLSQP to refine it.

Wait, the code currently uses DE for a few iterations, then refines with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of DE iterations would help, but the budget is tight. Let's see, the code allows for 3 iterations of DE, each taking some time. Maybe that's not enough.

Another thought: the problem is about minimizing the maximum of several integrals. So perhaps the current approach is focusing on the correlation, but maybe there's a way to model this as a multi-objective problem. However, since we need to minimize the maximum, the approach of taking the maximum and optimizing that is already correct.

Perhaps another way is to use a gradient-based method, but the problem's objective function (the maximum of the correlation) might not be smooth enough for gradient-based methods. However, the previous code uses SLSQP which uses gradients.

Alternatively, using a different optimization strategy for the initial guesses. For example, using random search with more samples.

But the previous code already includes generating random guesses. Maybe increasing the number of random guesses and optimizing them could help. However, given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to focus on improving the existing approach.

Another angle: the previous code's initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which is a 45-sample array. Maybe increasing the number of samples (n_points) could lead to a better approximation. However, the user's note says that smaller sequences are preferred (less than 1k samples). So maybe trying with more samples (like 100) could be better.

But the user's previous code uses n_points as the length of initial_h_values, which is 45. Let me check the initial_h_values. Well, the user mentioned that initial_h_values is a pre-imported variable. But the code has to start from that. However, the problem allows for starting from different constructions, but the user says to start from the current one if available.

Wait, the user says "You may want to start your search from the current construction, which you can access through the initial_h_values global variable (n=45 samples)." So the initial_h_values is 45 points.

But the user might be able to create a different initial construction. However, the regulations state that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So the code can't copy its entries into the response. Therefore, the code must generate h_values algorithmically.

Hmm, perhaps generating a different initial guess by using a structured approach. For example, creating a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that balances the integral. But how to do that?

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a Simulated Annealing approach. But scipy doesn't have a Simulated Annealing implementation in the optimize module, except for basinhopping, which might be useful.

Wait, the user has access to scipy.optimize, which includes basinhopping and differential evolution. Maybe using basinhopping could help escape local optima.

Let me think about the code's structure. The current code does:

- Generate a number of initial guesses.
- For each guess, run SLSQP optimization.
- Then run DE with some iterations.
- Then refine with SLSQP again.

But perhaps adding basinhopping could improve the exploration. However, basinhopping is a global optimizer but might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, maybe the current code can be adjusted to use basinhopping for some steps, but I need to check the time constraints.

Another idea: the problem is to minimize the maximum of multiple integrals. The maximum is taken over k, so the worst-case shift. Perhaps the current approach is not considering all shifts, but the code uses np.correlate, which computes the full convolution. However, the actual integral is over k, which for a function over [0, 2], the shifts can be up to 2 in some cases. The np.correlate with mode='full' would compute the correlation for all possible shifts, but the actual integral for each k would be over the overlapping region. So perhaps the code is correctly computing this.

So the main issue is the optimization process. The previous code uses several guesses, but perhaps the number is not sufficient. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different patterns would help.

Alternatively, trying to use a more efficient optimization algorithm. For example, using the COBYLA method in SLSQP, which handles bounds better.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with the constraints, but maybe changing the optimization method could help. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm for some steps.

But the user's code is already using SLSQP and DE. Let me think about possible optimizations.

Another angle: the problem requires that the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1. The code enforces this with a constraint. But maybe the initial_guess can be adjusted to better satisfy this constraint, leading to better optimization.

Alternatively, the code could use a different way to generate the initial guesses. For example, generating functions that are more evenly distributed, such as a sine wave with certain parameters, or other waveforms that balance the integral.

Wait, the code includes generating pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and sine functions with different frequencies and duty cycles. But maybe adding more functions, like piecewise linear functions or other patterns, could help.

Another idea: perhaps the best solution is a piecewise constant function with multiple intervals where h(x) is either 0 or 1. Since the function is a step function, maybe it's better to model it with a certain number of intervals. But the code uses a discretized version, so the step function is approximated by samples.

But how to generate such functions algorithmically? For example, creating a function that has equal portions of 0 and 1, but with carefully chosen intervals to minimize the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, considering the problem's symmetry, maybe the optimal function has some periodic pattern. For example, a square wave with a certain duty cycle.

But given that the previous code tried several of those, perhaps there's a better way.

Another thought: the current approach uses the max of the correlation, which is the same as the maximum overlap integral. However, perhaps there's a way to model this as a minimax problem, which could be approached using different optimization techniques.

But given the time constraints, perhaps focusing on the existing approach and tweaking the parameters.

Let me think about the previous code. The code uses different guess functions, like pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and sine waves with various parameters. Then, for each guess, it runs SLSQP optimization. Then uses DE for further refinement.

Maybe the number of guess functions is insufficient. For example, adding more guesses with different parameters, like more frequencies or duty cycles, could lead to better initial points.

Additionally, the code uses a fixed number of DE iterations (3). Maybe increasing that number could help find better solutions, but that might take more time.

Another thing: the code's refinement step uses SLSQP for 10 iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps could lead to better convergence.

But given the time budget, each iteration takes time. So the code has to balance between exploration and refinement.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using the Powell method or another algorithm.

Alternatively, perhaps combining different optimization methods. For example, first using DE to find a good initial guess, then using SLSQP to refine it.

The previous code uses DE for a few iterations, then SLSQP. Maybe adjusting the parameters of DE (like mutation factor, recombination, etc.) could lead to better results.

Another idea: the code's DE is called with popsize=50 and maxiter=30. Maybe increasing maxiter or popsize, but that could consume more time. However, the code has a check to stop early if the budget is exceeded.

Alternatively, maybe the code can focus more on the DE steps. Let me think about the budget: the code has a budget of 100 seconds. The initial optimization steps (guesses) and DE may take some time, but refining with SLSQP is more efficient.

Another approach is to use a better initial guess. The previous code uses initial_h_values, which is a starting point. Maybe generating a better initial guess based on some theoretical knowledge of the problem.

For example, the optimal function for the Erdős problem is known to have certain properties. For C₅, the minimal maximum overlap is achieved by a function with certain periodicity or symmetry. So maybe constructing a function that approximates that known optimal function.

But without knowing the exact structure, this is speculative. However, the previous code's initial_h_values may not be the best starting point. If the initial guess is not good, the optimization might get stuck in a local minimum.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more refined approach for the initial guesses. For example, generating a function that has multiple segments where h(x) is 1, separated by regions where it's 0, arranged in a way that minimizes the overlap.

But how to model this algorithmically?

Another idea: perhaps creating a function with multiple "blocks" of h(x) set to 1, evenly spaced. For example, if the function has m blocks of 1's, each block of length L, such that the total integral is 1. Then, the overlap integral with a shift would depend on how these blocks align.

For example, if the function has five blocks of 1's, each of length 0.4, then the total integral is 5*0.4 = 2.0, which exceeds the required 1.0. So instead, the blocks need to be longer or shorter.

Alternatively, if the function has 10 blocks of 1's, each block of length 0.2, then the integral is 10*0.2 = 2.0. Still too much. Wait, the integral over [0,2] must be 1. So if there are m blocks of length L, then m*L = 1. So for example, m=5 and L=0.2.

But the exact arrangement would affect the overlap. For example, if the blocks are spaced periodically, the overlap when shifted would depend on the distance between the blocks and the shift.

This seems complicated, but perhaps a function that has periodic blocks could be a good candidate. For example, a square wave with a certain duty cycle.

But how to generate such a function algorithmically?

Maybe the code can generate a square wave with a certain frequency and duty cycle, and then optimize it. However, the previous code already includes generating pulses with various frequencies and duty cycles.

Another thought: perhaps combining multiple functions. For example, using a combination of pulses and sawtooth waves to create a more complex shape that could better minimize the maximum overlap.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to model.

Alternatively, perhaps the previous approach is not using enough diversity in the initial guesses. For example, generating more random guesses with different parameters could help.

The code currently has some guesses generated by different functions but perhaps not enough. For example, generating more random guesses with varying frequencies or phases.

Another idea: the code's DE step uses mutation parameters (0.5, 0.95). Maybe adjusting these parameters could lead to better exploration of the search space.

In addition, the previous code uses a fixed number of DE iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help, but that would take more time. The code has a check to stop early if the budget is exceeded.

In summary, the main potential improvements could be:

1. Generating more diverse initial guesses for the optimization.
2. Adjusting the parameters of the optimization algorithms (like DE's mutation and recombination parameters).
3. Increasing the number of optimization iterations, especially for the DE and refinement steps.
4. Using a different optimization method for the refinement steps, such as basinhopping or COBYLA.

However, considering the time budget, it's important to balance exploration and refinement.

Another possible improvement: instead of using np.correlate, which computes the full correlation, perhaps the code could compute the maximum correlation for each shift manually, checking only the relevant shifts. However, the current approach is already correct.

So, considering all this, the previous code's approach could be adjusted by:

- Increasing the number of initial guesses generated (e.g., adding more functions with different parameters).
- Adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution to allow for more exploration.
- Increasing the number of refinement steps.
- Using different optimization algorithms.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the most effective way is to improve the initial guesses and use more efficient optimization steps.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient initial guess based on some theoretical insight. For example, using a function that is designed to have minimal overlap in all shifts, such as a function with evenly distributed 1's and 0's.

Another idea: using a function that is a combination of multiple square waves with different frequencies to spread out the 1's and 0's as evenly as possible.

But how to implement this in code?

Alternatively, the code could generate a function that has 1's distributed in such a way that their positions are spread out over the interval [0, 2], minimizing the overlap when shifted. For example, placing the 1's at positions that are regular intervals, but with some adjustment to balance the integral.

For example, if we have n_points = 100, then the function could have a certain number of 1's spread uniformly. However, the integral must be 1. For example, if n_points=100, then sum(h) must be 50 (since dx=0.02). So if the function has 50 samples of 1 and 50 of 0, spaced periodically. But this would create a square wave with a 50% duty cycle. However, this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, a function with more complex patterns, like a sine wave with certain parameters.

But again, the code already includes generating sine and square waves as initial guesses.

In conclusion, the previous code uses a variety of guess functions and optimizes them. To improve upon it, perhaps the code could:

- Generate more initial guesses with different parameters.
- Use a more efficient optimization method for the refinement steps, such as COBYLA or Nelder-Mead.
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution, such as increasing the number of iterations or changing the mutation/recombination parameters.
- Combine multiple optimization techniques in the refinement phase.

Given the time constraints, the code needs to balance between exploration and refinement. So, perhaps increasing the number of guesses, adjusting DE parameters, and refining more times could lead to better results.

Now, translating this into code. The previous code uses a loop over possible frequencies and phases, generating various functions. To generate more initial guesses, perhaps increasing the number of frequencies and adding more functions.

Additionally, adjusting the DE parameters. For example, changing the mutation factor to (0.8, 1.0) or similar. Also, increasing the number of DE iterations.

Moreover, the code could use a different method for some steps, like basinhopping, to escape local optima.

But given the code's structure, perhaps the main changes would be:

- Adding more initial guesses with varying parameters.
- Tweaking the DE parameters for better exploration.
- Increasing the number of refinement steps.

So, modifying the previous code accordingly. For example, in the guesses section, adding more functions like higher frequencies or different duty cycles.

Also, in the DE step, increasing the maxiter and adjusting mutation parameters.

Another possibility is to use the initial_h_values as a starting point and then refine it further, perhaps by adjusting the parameters of the optimization steps.

But without knowing the exact structure of the initial_h_values, it's difficult to say.

In the end, the code must be concise and fit within the token limit. So, perhaps the most effective way is to increase the number of initial guesses, adjust DE parameters, and increase refinement steps, while keeping the code as efficient as possible.

Therefore, the revised code would generate more initial guesses, adjust DE parameters, and possibly use different optimization methods.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_sine(freq, phase, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x + phase)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 14):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.4))
    for phase in np.linspace(0, 2*np.pi, 20):
        guesses.append(gen_sine(3, phase, 0.6))
    for _ in range(15):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=30,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 1.0), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 400, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```