<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the goal is to get lower than 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP optimization starting from initial_h_values with 45 samples. But maybe I can do better by trying different approaches.

First, let me think about the problem again. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is the maximum convolution of h with (1-h) over all shifts. The constraint is that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So, h is a step function with n_points samples, each between 0 and 1, and the sum is n_points/2 (since dx is 2/n_points).

The previous approach used a lot of different initial guesses and optimized them with differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe a better way is to use more structured initializations or different optimization techniques.

What if I try to use a more systematic approach? For example, instead of random guesses, perhaps use a grid-based approach or some symmetry in the problem. Also, considering the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe focusing on specific shift patterns where the overlap is high.

Another thought: since the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So the function is balanced between 0 and 1. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For different shifts k, this would represent the overlap between h and the shifted version of (1 - h). To minimize the maximum of these, we need to design h such that for any shift, the overlap is small.

The previous code used a combination of pulse, sawtooth, and triangle wave patterns as initial guesses. Maybe I can try more structured patterns, like using multiple pulses or overlapping regions with different duty cycles. Alternatively, using more sophisticated methods like gradient-based optimization with better convergence.

Wait, the previous code used differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but it might be too slow. Maybe using a combination of local search and global search strategies could help. Also, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but perhaps I can refine it more effectively.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we try to minimize the maximum value of the overlaps. However, that's a minmax problem, which is tricky. Maybe using a penalty method or a surrogate function.

But with the given time constraints (100 seconds), perhaps using a more efficient optimization approach. For example, using the SLSQP method with better starting points. Also, considering that the previous code used several initial guesses, maybe I can generate more informative initial guesses.

Alternatively, maybe I can use a different discretization. The previous code uses n_points = 45. Maybe trying a larger number of points could help, but the problem states that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So 45 is acceptable, but maybe 60 or 80 would be better? However, higher n_points would increase computation time, which may not be feasible within 100 seconds.

Wait, the problem says "smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred" but the current initial_h_values has n=45. Maybe doubling the number of points could help? But I have to check if that's feasible.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization algorithm. The previous code used differential evolution, which is a black-box optimizer. Maybe using a genetic algorithm could be better, but I'm not sure.

Another approach: since the integral over [0,2] is 1, perhaps the function h is similar to a uniform distribution, but optimized to minimize the overlap. However, uniform functions might not be optimal because they might have high overlaps for certain shifts.

Let me think about the structure of the optimal h. For minimal maximum overlap, perhaps h should be a periodic function that avoids overlaps. For example, if h is a pulse train with specific spacing and width. But the integral over [0,2] is 1, which might imply a certain distribution of pulses.

Alternatively, maybe the function h can be designed with multiple segments that alternate between high and low values, creating a pattern that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, a binary (0/1) function that is designed to have minimal overlap. However, since h is allowed to be a step function with values in [0,1], maybe binary is a special case.

Wait, the previous code used pulse, saw, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more complex patterns could help. Alternatively, using a combination of different waveforms.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe focus on specific shifts that are most critical. For example, shifts that correspond to the period of the function. But how to determine which shifts to focus on?

Another possibility is to use symmetry. For example, if h is symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], then the integrals for certain shifts might be easier to control. But I'm not sure if symmetry is necessary.

Let me consider the computational aspect. The previous code uses differential evolution with a large population size and a certain number of iterations, then refines with SLSQP. This can be time-consuming. Maybe optimizing the parameters in those methods could help. For example, reducing the number of generations in differential evolution and relying more on SLSQP refinement.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, but it's not differentiable, so not sure. Or using a Bayesian optimization approach with a surrogate model. However, implementing that might be complex.

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of several functions (over different k), perhaps using a penalty function approach where each peak in the correlation is penalized. But how to handle that in optimization.

Another thought: the overlap integral can be written as the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. Let's think of this as the integral of h(x) - h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1, the first term is 1, and the second term is the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. So, the overlap is 1 - integral h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. Wait, that's a different way to look at it. So our problem becomes to find h such that for all k, the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx is as large as possible, but the maximum of the overlap (which is 1 - that integral) is minimized. Therefore, we need to maximize the minimum of the cross-correlations.

But how does that help? Maybe it's easier to think in terms of maximizing the minimal cross-correlation. However, I'm not sure how to approach that.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous method. Maybe using a better initial guess, more effective optimization, and more intelligent search strategies.

Looking at the previous code: it starts with the initial_h_values, then generates various patterns and optimizes them. Maybe I can increase the number of initial guesses or use more varied patterns.

Alternatively, maybe combining multiple initial guesses. For example, using a combination of different pulse patterns with varying frequencies and duties, as well as more complex waveforms.

Wait, the previous code uses generate_pattern for pulse, saw, and triangle with different frequencies and duties. Maybe I can add more patterns, such as sine waves or other shapes. But how to generate those algorithmically.

Another idea: use a random search but with more effective mutations. However, random search is not efficient.

Alternatively, perhaps using a greedy approach where we iteratively adjust the function h to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, find the shift k that gives the highest overlap, then adjust h to reduce that overlap. However, this is a local optimization and might not find the global minimum.

Another approach could be to use a more efficient solver for the optimization problem. For example, using a quadratic programming approach if the problem can be approximated as such. But the objective function is non-convex and non-linear, so quadratic programming might not be applicable.

Alternatively, using the Sequential Least Squares Programming (SLSQP) method with a better initial guess. Since the previous code uses SLSQP after DE, maybe using a more refined initial guess from DE would help.

Wait, the previous code generates several initial guesses and then performs DE and SLSQP on each. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or varying the parameters of DE could help. For example, using a larger population size in DE but fewer iterations.

Another possibility: since the problem involves maximizing the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx, which is similar to cross-correlation, maybe the function h should be designed to have high values at different points that are spaced apart. So that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. This suggests a maximally dispersed pattern.

For example, if h is designed to have spikes at different positions that are as far apart as possible. But how to arrange that under the constraint that the integral is 1.

Alternatively, think of the problem as distributing the mass of h to minimize the maximum overlap. This could be similar to a covering problem, where we want the density of h to be low in regions where the shifted versions overlap.

But how to model this. Maybe using a non-uniform distribution that avoids overlapping when shifted.

Another idea: the optimal h may be similar to a Dirac comb (periodic delta functions) but scaled to meet the integral constraint. However, a Dirac comb has infinite support, but we are dealing with finite support.

Alternatively, a periodic function with a certain period that ensures that when shifted by that period, there's minimal overlap. For example, if the function repeats every 1 unit, but the integral over [0,2] is 1.

Wait, but the domain is [0, 2], so if the period is 2, then the function would be non-periodic. Alternatively, a function that's like a square wave with a certain duty cycle.

But I'm not sure. Let's think back to the previous code. It used different patterns and optimized them. Maybe the initial_h_values is already a good starting point, and the problem is to find a better way to optimize it.

Perhaps using a different optimization method. For example, using the SLSQP method with the initial_h_values and refining it. But the previous code tried several methods. Maybe using a better initial guess could help.

Another angle: the maximum overlap is taken over k. In the problem, k can be any real number, but in the code, the integration is over x, and the shift k is such that x + k is within the domain. Wait, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which for two sequences of length n_points, gives a result of length 2n_points - 1. So each element in the correlation corresponds to a shift k. The maximum of those is the C₅ value.

But the problem is to minimize that maximum. So, for each possible k (each shift in the correlation), the value must be as small as possible.

So, perhaps the optimal h has the property that for all k, the overlap is approximately equal, so that the maximum is minimized. This is similar to uniformity in the overlap values.

This suggests that the function h should be designed such that the cross-correlation with itself is as flat as possible. But how to achieve that.

Alternatively, the function h could be constructed to have a specific structure. For example, if h is a binary function with a certain pattern that, when shifted, overlaps minimally.

But given the integral constraint, such a binary function must be designed carefully.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution is related to the concept of discrepancy minimization. In discrepancy theory, we aim to find a function that balances certain measures, which might be analogous here.

But I'm not sure about the exact connection.

Back to the code: the previous code uses initial_h_values, which is likely a good starting point, and then optimizes. The main issue might be that the optimization isn't thorough enough. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in DE and SLSQP could help. Alternatively, using a hybrid approach, where DE is used for global search and then SLSQP is used for local refinement.

Alternatively, using a more aggressive penalty function. For example, in the objective function, instead of just evaluating the maximum overlap, penalizing higher overlaps more.

But the current code uses the maximum of the correlation, which is exactly what we need to minimize.

Another idea: perhaps using a different discretization. For example, using more points could allow for finer control of the function h. But with the time constraint, maybe 45 points are sufficient, but trying a higher number might help. However, with 100 seconds, perhaps a higher number is feasible. Wait, the problem says that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So 45 is acceptable.

Wait, the initial_h_values is 45 points. Maybe trying a different number of points, like 60. But how to generate that. However, the previous code uses the initial_h_values with 45 points, and the user's answer should not modify that.

Wait, the problem states: "You may want to start your search from the current construction, which you can access through the `initial_h_values` global variable (n=45 samples)." So the code must start from that initial construction. So I can't change the number of points. So the code must work with n_points as the length of initial_h_values.

Therefore, the code must use the same n_points as in the initial_h_values. So the previous code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 45.

So the code must work with 45 points. The challenge is to optimize this initial guess effectively.

What if I try to use a more efficient optimization algorithm for the initial guess, like using Nelder-Mead, or another local optimization method?

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess, but the code has to start from initial_h_values. Wait, the code says "When `initial_h_values` is available, use it directly." So the code must start from there. So the previous approach used initial_h_values as a starting point, then generated other initial guesses. Maybe I can try to generate more initial guesses that are variations of initial_h_values.

Alternatively, maybe applying some transformations to initial_h_values to generate different starting points. For example, flipping parts of the function, shifting it, or applying some other transformation.

Another idea: since the previous code used a lot of different initial guesses, but maybe those guesses are not effective. Perhaps focusing more on the initial_h_values and refining it more thoroughly.

For example, using SLSQP with a better gradient. But the objective function is not differentiable, which may be a problem. Wait, the objective function is the maximum of a set of functions (the correlation values). Therefore, the gradient would be non-differentiable at maxima. So using gradient-based methods like SLSQP might not be effective.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where the objective is the maximum of the correlations, but the gradient is approximated. However, this could be complex.

Another approach: using the fact that the maximum of the correlations is a convex function? No, the maximum of convex functions is convex, but the correlation functions themselves are not convex. So the problem is non-convex.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to optimize the previous code by refining the optimization steps, using better parameters for the solvers, and generating more effective initial guesses.

Let me think about the code structure again. The previous code does:

- Uses initial_h_values as the first guess.

- Generates several other initial guesses (pulse, saw, triangle with different parameters).

- Runs differential evolution on each initial guess, then SLSQP refinement.

- Then does some more refinements.

But maybe the number of initial guesses is too small. Perhaps adding more varied patterns could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a grid search over parameters for different waveforms. For example, generating a range of frequencies and duties for the pulse, saw, and triangle waves.

Another idea: the initial_h_values might itself be a good candidate, and perhaps the problem is that the previous code didn't optimize it sufficiently. For example, maybe refining the initial_h_values using SLSQP more thoroughly.

In the previous code, after generating some initial guesses, they perform a few rounds of SLSQP refinement on the best guess. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps could help.

Alternatively, using more aggressive parameters in the optimization solvers.

For instance, in the SLSQP call, increasing the maxiter and tightening the ftol could lead to better convergence. Similarly, for differential evolution, increasing the number of generations but reducing the population size.

But the previous code has some parameters that might be suboptimal. For example, the differential evolution has maxiter=60, popsize=150. Maybe reducing the popsize and increasing the maxiter, or vice versa, could be better.

Another thought: the previous code uses multiple initial guesses, which may not be the best use of time. Perhaps focusing on the initial_h_values and refining it more thoroughly.

Let me think of how to code that. Maybe starting with the initial_h_values, performing a few rounds of differential evolution and SLSQP, and then trying to refine further.

But the previous code already tried this. Maybe the issue is that the code isn't exploring enough of the solution space. Perhaps adding more initial guesses generated from the initial_h_values by perturbing them.

For example, creating initial guesses by adding small random noise to the initial_h_values, then using those as starting points for optimization.

Alternatively, using a more effective optimization method like the Covariance Matrix Adaptation Evolution Strategy (CMA-ES), which is better for continuous optimization problems. However, implementing CMA-ES might be complex.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with tournament selection, but again, it's not part of the scipy.optimize module.

Another angle: since the problem is to minimize the maximum correlation, perhaps the optimal h has a high degree of symmetry. For example, if the function h is such that its correlation with itself is symmetric, which might reduce the maximum.

But I'm not sure.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to enhance the previous code by:

1. Increasing the number of initial guesses generated from the initial_h_values and other patterns.

2. Using more efficient parameters for differential evolution and SLSQP.

3. Performing more refinement steps.

4. Ensuring that the code doesn't run out of time by adjusting the number of iterations and guesses.

Also, the previous code has a loop that generates guesses with different frequencies and duties, but maybe adding more variations here.

Another idea: instead of generating patterns with 'pulse', 'saw', and 'triangle', maybe use random patterns or other complex functions. But how to generate them algorithmically.

Alternatively, using a combination of the initial_h_values and random perturbations.

But without knowing the exact structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the code can generate perturbations to the initial_h_values.

So, perhaps, in addition to the existing guesses, create several perturbed versions of the initial_h_values, and optimize those.

But how to do that in code. For example:

- Create a linspace for the initial_h_values and generate random perturbations.

But code-wise, that can be done by taking the initial_h_values and adding a small random value to each element, then clamping to [0,1].

But this might not be effective if the initial guess is already good.

Alternatively, generating multiple starting points from the initial_h_values by applying different transformations, such as time-shifting, scaling, or other modifiers.

But I'm not sure.

In the previous code, the DE is run for each of the guesses, then SLSQP is applied. But maybe the DE should be run with more iterations or a different strategy.

Another thing to consider is that the DE might get stuck in local minima. Using multiple different initial guesses helps, but perhaps the quality of those guesses can be improved.

In the previous code, the initial guesses are generated with generate_pattern for pulse, saw, triangle with various frequencies and duties. Maybe adding more patterns, such as sinusoidal functions with specific frequencies and phases.

Alternatively, using a combination of different waveforms.

But how to implement that.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values and creating guesses by modifying its structure, such as flipping segments or varying the duty cycle.

But again, without knowing the structure of initial_h_values, this is challenging.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, the optimal h must balance between being spread out enough to minimize overlap for all shifts, but also maintaining the integral constraint.

Perhaps using a function that alternates between 1 and 0 with a specific period. For example, a square wave with a certain duty cycle. But with 45 points, it's hard to have a perfect period.

But even if it's not perfect, it might help.

In the previous code, they use generate_pattern for pulse, saw, triangle. For example, a pulse wave with freq=3 and duty=0.5. Maybe generating similar pulses with different frequencies could help.

Alternatively, using multiple frequencies and duties.

But given the code's previous approach, perhaps the main improvement would be to increase the number of guesses and optimize them more thoroughly.

Let me think about implementing this in code. For example:

- Generating more guesses: instead of a few, maybe generating a grid of frequencies and duties for different patterns.

- Increasing the number of DE iterations.

- Further refining the best_h with more SLSQP steps.

- Adding more random guesses to the list of initial guesses.

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed list of guesses. Maybe generating the guesses dynamically based on the initial_h_values and adding them to the guesses list.

Alternatively, using a small random search with the initial_h_values.

But in terms of code, perhaps modifying the previous code to include more guesses.

Also, the previous code uses the initial_h_values as one of the guesses. Perhaps that's a good starting point.

But perhaps the initial_h_values could be further optimized with more SLSQP steps.

Another point: in the previous code, after generating the guesses, it runs DE on each and then SLSQP. After that, it ran a few more SLSQP steps on the best_h. Maybe increasing the number of SLSQP steps would help.

Overall, the plan is to enhance the previous code by:

- Generating more varied initial guesses.

- Tuning the parameters of the optimization methods.

- Refining the best guess more thoroughly.

- Ensuring the code doesn't exceed the time budget.

Now, considering the code structure, I need to write the run function that returns the best_h, c5_bound, and n_points. The initial_h_values is already provided.

So, to implement this, I need to generate more initial guesses, optimize them, and refine the best one.

But to keep the code concise and within the token limit, I'll have to make sure that the code isn't too long.

Let me sketch the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.

- Generate more guesses: for example, pulse, saw, triangle patterns with varying frequencies and duties.

- Add random guesses.

- Run DE on each guess, then refine with SLSQP.

- Also, consider running DE with different parameters.

- Perform more refinement steps on the best guess.

Now, considering the previous code, the current code uses generate_pattern for pulse, saw, triangle with various parameters. Perhaps adding more frequencies and duties could help.

For example, in the previous code, the frequencies are from 3 to 8, duties are 0.2 to 0.6. Maybe expanding that range.

But without knowing the exact parameters, this is guesswork.

Another point: maybe the initial_h_values is already quite good, and the main issue is to refine it more effectively. So, for example, adding more SLSQP steps with fine-tuning.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial_guess, such as COBYLA or another method.

But with the time constraints, it's better to stick to the previous methods but with better parameters.

Another idea: since the problem is to find the minimum of the maximum of several functions, it might be helpful to use a direct search method that focuses on the regions where the maximum is high. However, implementing that is complex.

Given the time, I think the best way is to enhance the previous code by increasing the number of initial guesses and using better optimization parameters.

Let me adjust the code accordingly. For example:

- In generate_pattern, use a more extensive range of frequencies and duties.

- Increase the number of iterations in DE.

- Increase the number of refinement steps in SLSQP.

- Also, add some random guesses.

But I need to code this concisely.

Another thing: the previous code uses DE with a popsize of 150 and maxiter 60. Maybe using a higher maxiter would allow the DE to explore more thoroughly, or reducing the population size to save time.

But the time is limited to 100 seconds. So, I need to balance between the number of iterations and the population size.

In conclusion, the enhanced code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.

- Generate a variety of initial guesses with different patterns.

- Run DE on each guess, then SLSQP refinement.

- Perform more refinement steps on the best guess.

- Possibly adjust the parameters of the optimization solvers.

Now, implementing this in the code, ensuring that it's within the token limit.

Also, making sure to track time and stop early if needed.

Now, the code will look something like this:

The code starts by importing necessary libraries, then defines the run function.

Inside run:

- Seed the random generator.

- Get the initial_h_values.

- Check the n_points (45).

- Compute dx and target_sum.

- Define the objective and constraints.

- Generate various initial guesses, including the initial_h_values, patterns, and random guesses.

- For each guess, run DE and then SLSQP.

- Keep track of the best guess and its C5 value.

- After processing all guesses, perform additional SLSQP refinements.

- Return the best solution.

To generate more guesses, the generate_pattern function is called with various frequencies and duties. For example, for frequencies in a wider range and duties with more steps.

Let me code this step by step.

First, the generate_pattern function is defined to create different patterns. The previous code had frequencies from 3 to 8 and duties from 0.2 to 0.6. Increasing the frequency range and duty steps could generate more varied initial guesses.

Also, adding more patterns like sine waves could help, but since the user's code uses generate_pattern, I can extend that.

Now, considering the code's structure, perhaps adding more frequency and duty combinations.

But I need to make sure the code is concise.

Another thing: in the previous code, the guesses are generated with a loop over freq and duty. To generate more guesses, I can increase the iteration ranges.

For example, for freq in range(3, 10) would give more frequencies.

Also, adding more duty values.

In addition, the previous code added some random guesses. Perhaps increasing the number of random guesses.

Now, the code for generating guesses could be:

for freq in range(3, 10):
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(generate_pattern(freq, duty, 'pulse'))
        guesses.append(generate_pattern(freq, duty, 'saw'))
        guesses.append(generate_pattern(freq, duty, 'triangle'))

But this might increase the number of guesses, which could take more time.

Also, adding some random guesses.

In the previous code, the random guesses are added with a loop of 5 times, but increasing that to, say, 10 might help.

But I need to be careful about the time budget.

Another thing: in the SLSQP refinement, the previous code ran it a few times. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps would help.

Now, the final code would have more initial guesses, better parameters for DE and SLSQP, and more refinement steps.

Also, considering that the code may exceed the time budget, it's important to adjust the number of guesses and iterations accordingly.

With that, the code should be able to find a better C5 bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def generate_pattern(freq, duty, type_func):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        if type_func == 'pulse':
            wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
            return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
        elif type_func == 'saw':
            return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
        elif type_func == 'triangle':
            return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
        else:
            return np.random.rand(n_points) * duty

    def slsqp_refine(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    def de_search():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=60,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 12):
        for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
            guesses.append(generate_pattern(freq, duty, 'pulse'))
            guesses.append(generate_pattern(freq, duty, 'saw'))
            guesses.append(generate_pattern(freq, duty, 'triangle'))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(np.random.rand(n_points) * 0.5)

    for g in guesses:
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        try:
            h_opt = de_search()
            h_opt = slsqp_refine(h_opt)
            c = obj(h_opt)
            if c < best_c5:
                best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
        except:
            pass

    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```