<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of different optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. My goal is to find a better construction that can achieve a lower C₅.

First, I should understand the problem better. The objective is to find a step function h(x) on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral with its shifted versions. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The lower this value, the better.

The previous approach used various heuristics like generating pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and sine waves as initial guesses, then applying SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses or optimize the parameters.

Let me think about what could be improved. The initial guess is taken from initial_h_values, which is a 45-point array. Maybe starting with a different initial guess could lead to a better solution. For example, using a more structured pattern, like a periodic function with optimized parameters, could be more effective.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the max overlap, perhaps using a checkerboard pattern or a periodic function with specific duty cycles. For example, a function that alternates between high and low values in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Also, the previous code tried multiple frequencies and phases. Maybe there's a way to parameterize the function and optimize over those parameters. For instance, using a combination of sinusoidal functions with different frequencies and phases, or a piecewise constant function with certain intervals.

But with the time budget of 100 seconds and only one CPU, I need an efficient optimization strategy. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution, which are both gradient-based and population-based methods. Maybe combining these with some other strategies could help. For example, using simulated annealing or other metaheuristics.

However, given the constraints, perhaps refining the initial guesses and using a more targeted optimization approach could be better. Also, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, it's a constrained optimization problem with a non-convex objective. So, getting stuck in local optima is a risk.

Another thought: the current code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. Maybe generating a better initial guess by modifying the existing one. For example, using a more optimal arrangement of pulses or blocks.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a certain configuration. If I can find a better initial configuration, that could lead to better results. Let me consider generating a function that has multiple segments with optimized lengths and positions.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach where the population is evolved over generations. But with the time constraints, a genetic algorithm might be too slow unless implemented efficiently.

Alternatively, I could try to use a more structured optimization strategy. For instance, using a grid search over certain parameters, but that might not be feasible given the high-dimensional space.

Another approach is to use a greedy algorithm where you iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, identify the shift k that gives the highest overlap, then adjust h(x) to reduce that overlap. But this is a local search and might not find the global minimum.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution as a global optimizer, which is promising. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of generations could help, but time is a constraint.

Alternatively, I can try to use a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients. However, it might not be as effective as SLSQP or differential evolution.

Another idea: since the problem has a periodic nature (shifts over [0,2]), maybe the optimal h(x) is a periodic function. For example, a function that repeats every certain interval, which could be optimized with Fourier series coefficients.

But constructing such a function would require parameterizing it and optimizing the coefficients. However, this might be complex and time-consuming.

Alternatively, I can think of the problem as a discrete optimization problem. Since the function is represented as n_points samples, maybe using a probabilistic approach, like Markov chain Monte Carlo, to sample the parameter space. But again, with time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Given that the previous code already tried a variety of initial guesses and optimization methods, perhaps the next step is to improve the initial guesses. For example, instead of generating random pulses and sawtooth waves, generating more optimized patterns.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a certain type of pattern. Let me think: if the current solution is based on a known configuration, perhaps I can find a better one by varying the parameters of that configuration.

Another thought: the overlap integral is similar to the convolution of h and 1-h. So, minimizing the maximum value of the convolution. This is related to the concept of a "best" function that when convolved with itself (or 1-h) has minimal peak. This might relate to certain mathematical structures or known results, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, I can consider that for each shift k, the integral is the area where h(x) is 1 and 1-h(x+k) is 1, so the overlap is 1 where both are 1. So, the integral is the measure of x where h(x) = 1 and h(x + k) = 0. Therefore, for a given h, the maximum of this over all k is the C₅.

Thus, the goal is to arrange h(x) such that for any shift k, the overlapping regions are as small as possible.

This seems similar to designing a function that is sparse in space and has minimal overlap when shifted. Maybe using a function that has a certain periodicity or spacing of pulses.

For example, if h(x) is a set of disjoint intervals, each of length that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. If the intervals are spaced apart, then shifting would cause overlaps only if the shift is within the length of the intervals.

But how to arrange them optimally?

Alternatively, using a function that is a union of intervals with certain lengths and positions. For example, if there are m intervals, each with length l, then the integral is 1 = m*l. But since the total length is 2, maybe m*l = 1. So, the average length per interval is 1/m. But arranging them such that shifting by certain distances causes the overlap to be minimized.

But this is getting a bit abstract. Maybe I should think about the current approach and how to improve it.

The previous code tried generating different pulse and wave-like functions as initial guesses. Maybe instead of generating so many, focus on a few well-chosen patterns and optimize them more thoroughly.

Also, the code's initial guess might be suboptimal. Perhaps using a more structured approach for the initial guess could lead to better results. For example, a function with multiple pulses spaced in a way that maximizes the spacing, thereby minimizing overlaps when shifted.

Another idea: since the integral is 1, perhaps the function should consist of 1/m intervals, each of length l, such that m*l = 1. For example, if I choose m = 5 intervals, then each interval has length 0.2. Arranging them with some spacing. Then, when shifted, the overlap would depend on how the intervals align.

But how to arrange them? For example, placing them in a way that the minimal overlap is maximized? Not sure.

Alternatively, using a golden ratio or some irrational spacing to prevent overlaps when the shift is a rational multiple. This is similar to the concept of the Kronecker sequences in discrepancy theory. Maybe this could help in distributing the intervals more evenly.

But again, implementing this requires a specific approach.

Alternatively, using a function that is periodic with period T, which is optimized to minimize overlaps. For example, a function that repeats every T, but with certain characteristics.

But I'm not sure how to model this. Given time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code's strategies, but with some modifications.

Looking back at the previous code's approach:

- Starts with initial_h_values (45 points)
- Generates various pulses, sawtooth, triangle, sine wave initial guesses
- Uses SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize
- Refines the solution with SLSQP multiple times

Maybe the problem is that the differential evolution is not being used optimally. For example, the previous code uses a popsize of 50 and maxiter of 30. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting parameters like mutation and recombination could help. But time is limited, so maybe adjusting these parameters could yield better results.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, generating more varied functions, but that could take time.

Another angle: the overlap integral is evaluated using the convolution, and the maximum of this convolution. The current code uses the full mode of the convolution, which may include shifts beyond the interval [0,2], but the problem defines the function on [0,2], so k can be any real number. However, in the code, the convolution is computed for the full mode, which gives the correlation for all possible lags. But the actual k for which the integral is evaluated is probably within a certain range, perhaps up to the length of the interval. However, the code's current approach may not be accurately capturing the max over all k, but perhaps it is correct.

Wait, the problem statement says that for the integral, k can be any value. However, when you shift h(x) by k, the integral is over x where both x and x +k are in [0,2]. Therefore, the valid range of k depends on x. But the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns a result of length 2n_points -1. The maximum over this would correspond to the maximum possible overlap.

But the code's current approach is correct in that sense.

Another idea: since the overlap is evaluated for all k, it's equivalent to the maximum over the convolution, so the problem reduces to minimizing the peak of the convolution of h and 1-h. So, this is a standard problem in signal processing, often related to the concept of the autocorrelation and cross-correlation. In such cases, certain functions like rectangular pulses, triangular waves, etc., have known cross-correlation properties.

But perhaps there are known functions with minimal peak cross-correlation. For example, a function with a certain structure that minimizes the maximum overlap.

However, given the time, I need to code an approach that can efficiently explore the space and find better solutions.

An alternative approach is to use a more sophisticated optimization method, perhaps combining multiple techniques. For example, starting with a good initial guess, then performing local optimization with SLSQP, and using differential evolution for global search with a more efficient parameter setting.

Also, adjusting the hyperparameters of the optimization methods might help. For instance, in the previous code, the differential evolution uses popsize=50 and maxiter=30. Increasing the maxiter or using a higher popsize might allow better exploration, but at the cost of time.

Another consideration: the previous code uses multiple initial guesses, but might not be focusing enough on the best ones. Perhaps generating a few well-chosen initial guesses and optimizing them thoroughly could be better.

Also, the code uses SLSQP with 'ftol' set to 1e-10, which is very tight. This might be causing the optimization to get stuck in local minima or take too long. Adjusting the tolerance could allow faster convergence.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed number of initial guesses, perhaps generate a set of structured functions and optimize them. For example, functions that are piecewise constant with certain intervals, and optimizing their positions and lengths.

But how to generate such functions algorithmically? For example, creating a function with m intervals, each of length l, spaced in a certain way.

Alternatively, use a genetic algorithm where each individual is a vector of parameters that define the function. For example, the positions and lengths of intervals. However, implementing this within the time constraints might be challenging.

Alternatively, I can think of the function h as a binary vector (though it's a step function, not necessarily binary), and optimize the positions and widths of intervals. However, this is a discrete problem and might not be straightforward.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to enhance the previous code's methods by adjusting parameters and refining the initial guesses.

Let me think of modifying the code:

1. Increase the number of iterations in differential evolution, but limit the total time.
2. Use more effective initial guesses, maybe a combination of pulse trains with varying frequencies and duty cycles.
3. Use a more efficient optimization method, perhaps reducing the number of function evaluations.
4. Use a better initial guess based on the known current record, which might have a structure that can be improved.

Another idea: since the current record is 0.38085, perhaps we can try to construct a function that has a more even distribution of high and low values, perhaps a striped pattern or a function with certain periodicity that minimizes overlaps.

Alternatively, using a function that is a union of intervals with lengths optimized for minimal overlap. For example, having intervals arranged in such a way that overlapping with a shift is minimized.

For instance, if the function is composed of m intervals of length l, then the total length is m*l=1. The minimal overlap when shifted by a certain k would be the minimum l, but the maximum overlap depends on k. If the intervals are spaced such that no two intervals overlap when shifted by any k within the domain, but that would require perfect spacing, which is impossible.

Thus, the optimal solution would balance between having enough intervals to cover the integral, while keeping their spacing such that overlaps are minimized when shifted.

But how to determine this? It's a complex optimization.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a covering problem: each interval contributes to the overlap when shifted. The challenge is to arrange these intervals so that their shifted versions do not overlap too much.

Given that I have to code this, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code's initial guesses to include more optimized versions. For example, create a pulse function with multiple pulses, each of optimized positions and widths, and use that as an initial guess.

Another approach is to use a function that is similar to the initial_h_values but with adjustments. For example, if the initial_h_values are a certain pattern, adjusting their positions or widths to reduce overlaps.

But without knowing the structure of initial_h_values, this is challenging. However, since the initial_h_values is given, perhaps the code can use it as a starting point and then optimize.

In the previous code, the initial guess is from initial_h_values. But maybe there are other structures that could be better. For example, if the function is designed to have intervals spaced in such a way that the overlap when shifted is minimized.

Another idea: use a function that is a combination of two different pulses. For example, one pulse with a certain width and position, and another with a different width and position. This could lead to a better balance between the integral and the overlap.

Alternatively, consider using a function with a smooth transition between high and low values, which might reduce the overlap by avoiding sharp transitions that create high peaks in the convolution.

But how to model this? It requires a different approach to generating the initial guesses.

Given that time is limited, perhaps the previous code's approach can be modified by focusing on the following:

- Generate more effective initial guesses based on specific structures.
- Optimize the parameters of these guesses more thoroughly.
- Refine the optimization with a more efficient method.

For example, instead of generating random pulses, create a pulse train with specific parameters and optimize those parameters.

Let me outline a possible modification:

1. Generate a base pulse function with specific parameters (like frequency, duty cycle) and optimize them.
2. Use a combination of such functions as initial guesses.
3. Use differential evolution with better parameters to find the global minimum.

Alternatively, use a function that is a binary step function with m intervals, and optimize their positions and lengths.

But how to implement this in code within the time constraints?

Alternatively, perhaps the code can be modified to focus more on a specific type of function, like a periodic function with a certain period, and optimize its parameters.

In the previous code, there were functions like gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, gen_sine. Maybe adding a function that creates a pulse train with optimized parameters could help.

For example, creating a function that has multiple pulses with varying positions, widths, and amplitudes, and optimizing these parameters.

But how to code this?

Alternatively, since the previous code uses a lot of different initial guesses, which might be redundant, perhaps reducing the number of initial guesses but making them more effective.

Another idea: use the initial guess from initial_h_values, then perform a local optimization with SLSQP, and then use that as input for differential evolution. This could help in finding a better solution.

But in the previous code, they already try multiple initial guesses and refine them. So perhaps adjusting the optimization parameters like the maximum number of iterations, the tolerance, or the method used.

Also, the code uses 'SLSQP' with 'ftol' of 1e-10, which is very strict. Perhaps increasing the ftol to a higher value allows the optimization to converge faster without getting stuck.

Another possible optimization: in the previous code, the differential evolution is run three times with a range of 3 iterations, but maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the mutation/recombination parameters could help.

Moreover, the code uses the full mode of the correlation, but perhaps the maximum occurs at specific shifts that are not captured well by the full mode. However, the mode 'full' gives all possible lags, so it's correct.

Another possible error: the previous code uses the full mode of np.correlate, but the integral calculation is done by multiplying by dx. However, the full mode gives a length of 2n_points -1. For example, if n_points is 45, the full mode has 89 elements. But when you compute the maximum, you get the peak of the convolution.

But the code currently uses all elements of the correlation and finds the maximum, which is correct.

So, considering all these, perhaps the main improvements are:

1. Adjusting the initial guesses to be more focused on certain structures.
2. Optimizing the parameters of the optimization algorithms to balance exploration and exploitation.
3. Using more efficient algorithms for the optimization steps.

Given that, here's a plan for the modified code:

- Use a combination of initial guesses that are structured, like pulse trains with different parameters.
- Adjust the differential evolution parameters to allow more iterations within the time budget.
- Refine the optimization with SLSQP using more iterations but with higher tolerance.
- Focus on optimizing the initial_guess from initial_h_values and nearby structures.

Now, considering the code structure, perhaps some of the helper functions can be simplified. For example, the functions gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, etc., can be replaced with more efficient or targeted functions.

Another idea: instead of generating many random guesses, generate a few structured guesses and optimize them more thoroughly. For example, create a function with several pulses and adjust their positions and widths.

But how to generate these pulses algorithmically? For example, for a function with m pulses, each of width w and centered at positions x_i, such that the sum of widths is 1, and the positions are spread out to minimize overlaps when shifted.

This is a complex optimization problem, but perhaps for small m, it can be done.

However, with the time constraints, it might not be feasible to implement this in code.

Another possible approach is to focus on using the initial_h_values and perturbing it slightly to find a better solution. For example, using a local search around the initial guess.

Alternatively, using a coordinate descent approach, where each element of the h array is optimized sequentially while keeping others fixed.

But again, with time limitations, it's challenging.

Given all this, I think the best way to proceed is to adjust the previous code's strategies, focusing on the following changes:

1. Increase the number of iterations in differential evolution and SLSQP.
2. Use more effective initial guesses.
3. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods to balance exploration and convergence.
4. Focus on refining the initial guess more thoroughly.

Now, considering the code structure, the previous code starts with initial_h_values, then generates various other initial guesses. Perhaps the initial_h_values is a good starting point, but the code can be modified to generate similar structured guesses that are more likely to lead to better solutions.

Therefore, the modified code would:

- Retain the initial guess from initial_h_values.
- Generate other initial guesses like pulses, triangles, and sine waves with optimized parameters.
- Use differential evolution with more iterations or better parameters.
- Refine the solution using SLSQP with adjusted tolerances.

Another possible adjustment is to use a different method for generating the initial guesses, like generating more structured pulse trains or other patterns.

Given the time constraints, here's the plan for the code:

- Retain the initial guess from initial_h_values.
- Generate some structured pulse functions with varying frequencies and duty cycles.
- Use differential evolution with a higher number of iterations, but limited by the time budget.
- Refine the solution with SLSQP with a higher tolerance to allow faster convergence.

Now, translating this into code:

The code would generate initial guesses based on the existing functions, but maybe with reduced number of guesses to save time. Also, adjust the parameters of the optimization methods.

For example, increasing the maxiter of differential evolution and using a larger population size. However, the time budget is tight, so perhaps the following changes:

- In the differential evolution step, increase the maxiter to 50 and popsize to 100, but monitor the time.

But the previous code uses popsize=50 and maxiter=30. Maybe increasing the popsize and maxiter would help.

Additionally, using different mutation and recombination parameters.

Another idea: in the code's refinement step, using SLSQP with fewer iterations but more tolerances.

Additionally, the code currently uses multiple initial guesses, but maybe focusing on a few more effective ones.

In the modified code, I would adjust the initial guesses to be more focused on the structured functions, and optimize the differential evolution parameters.

So, putting this into code:

The code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate a few structured initial guesses (like pulse trains, sine waves, etc.).
- Run differential evolution with more iterations.
- Refine the solution with SLSQP.

This should lead to a better solution.

In terms of code modifications, the key changes would be:

1. Adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution (maxiter, popsize).
2. Reducing the number of initial guesses to focus on more effective ones.
3. Increasing the refinement steps with SLSQP.

Now, considering all this, here's the code I would write, incorporating these changes and focusing on optimizing the existing approach.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_sine(freq, phase, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x + phase)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(3, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, 0.4))
    guesses.append(gen_sine(3, 0, 0.6))
    for _ in range(2):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```