<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. My previous code used a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP to refine solutions, starting from an initial guess. But it might not be efficient enough. Let me think about how to improve this.

First, maybe the initial guess is not optimal. The given initial_h_values has 45 points. Maybe using a different starting point could lead to better results. For example, a more structured pattern like a periodic function with specific duty cycles or frequencies could be better. But how to generate those?

The previous code tried generating different pulse, sawtooth, and triangle patterns with varying frequencies and duty cycles. That's a good start, but maybe I can explore more complex patterns or different types of functions. However, with the time constraints, I need a more efficient optimization approach.

Another idea is to use a genetic algorithm, which can explore the search space more effectively. Differential evolution is already used, but maybe combining it with other methods like simulated annealing or particle swarm optimization could help. However, the code is already using differential evolution and SLSQP, so perhaps refining the parameters of those could lead to better results.

Wait, the current approach uses the initial_h_values and generates a few other patterns. Maybe instead of generating random patterns, I can use more systematic approaches. For example, creating a function that's a combination of multiple shifted pulses, or optimizing the parameters of such a function.

Also, the constraints are that the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1. The previous code uses a sum(h) * dx = 1, which is correct. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h.

Another thought: maybe the optimal function is a symmetric function with certain periodicity. For example, a function with period 1, but adjusted to fit the integral constraint. But how to model that?

Alternatively, since the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum of the overlap, perhaps a more structured approach, like using a piecewise function with a certain number of intervals where h(x) is 0 or 1, or something in between. But how to compute that efficiently?

The previous code used a lot of random guesses. Maybe focusing on specific constructions, like a periodic function with certain properties, could be better. For instance, a function that's a combination of multiple shifted rectangular pulses. Let's say, for example, several pulses spaced in a way that their shifts don't cause high overlap.

Another idea is to use a parametric function. For example, a function that's a combination of sine waves or other basis functions, with coefficients that can be optimized. However, this might complicate the optimization process.

Wait, the current code uses the initial_h_values which might be a good starting point. Let me think: the initial_h_values might have a certain structure that's close to optimal. So, perhaps I can use that as a starting point and refine it with a more efficient optimization method.

Alternatively, using Bayesian optimization or other global optimization techniques could help find better minima, but with the time budget of 100 seconds, I need an efficient method.

Another angle: the problem is similar to a classification problem where you want to minimize the maximum overlap. So, maybe using a gradient-based method with a well-chosen initial guess could be better. But gradient-based methods can get stuck in local minima.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP after DE. Maybe I can tweak the DE parameters. For example, increasing the population size or adjusting the mutation and recombination rates. Also, the mutation parameter in DE is (0.5, 0.95), which might not be optimal.

But with the time constraints, maybe using a different approach altogether. For example, using a grid search over possible parameters of a structured function. Let me think: if I can define a parametric function family, then optimize over those parameters.

For example, suppose I define a function h(x) as a sum of several pulses shifted by certain positions. The parameters would be the positions, widths, and heights of these pulses. Then, the integral constraint would be handled by ensuring the sum of the areas of the pulses equals 1. The overlap integral would then be computed for each possible shift, and we want to minimize the maximum.

But how to model this? Let's say, for example, using three equally spaced pulses. The positions would be such that their intervals don't overlap too much. However, this is getting complex.

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal function has a structure that's a periodic step function. For example, a function that alternates between high and low values in a certain pattern. This could be similar to the initial_h_values, which might already have some periodic structure.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points=45), but maybe using a higher resolution would allow for better optimization. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe using 45 samples is optimal. The user mentioned that the previous program used n=45, which is acceptable.

Wait, the code has a function generate_pattern which creates different types of patterns. Maybe I can generate more diverse patterns or adjust the parameters of those. For example, instead of just using frequencies 3 to 8, maybe including more frequencies, or varying other parameters like duty cycle.

Alternatively, using a combination of different pattern types. For example, a pulse with a certain frequency and duty cycle, combined with a sawtooth wave. But how to model that in code?

I think the key is to generate more diverse initial guesses and then refine them. The current code generates a few patterns and random guesses, but maybe expanding that could help. However, with time constraints, the number of generated guesses needs to be manageable.

Another idea: using a more sophisticated initial guess. For example, if the initial_h_values is a good starting point, maybe perturbing it slightly and optimizing from there could lead to improvements. Alternatively, using a different initial guess based on known optimal constructions for lower n.

Wait, the problem mentions that the initial_h_values is the current construction. So, if I can refine that with better optimization techniques, maybe that's better. The previous code uses DE and SLSQP, but maybe the optimization steps can be modified. For instance, using a larger number of iterations in DE, or using a different starting point.

Another possible improvement is to use a more accurate numerical method for the overlap integral. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', but maybe the calculation of the integral could be optimized. However, given the way the problem is set up, that's already correct.

Alternatively, using a different approach for the optimization. For example, instead of using DE, which is a global optimizer, perhaps starting with a local optimizer like SLSQP from a good initial guess. But how to get that initial guess?

Another angle: the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum of a set of functions. So, perhaps using a Lagrangian multipliers approach with the integral constraint. But that would be a complex optimization problem with many variables, and not sure if it's tractable.

Alternatively, since the overlap integral involves shifts, the problem may have some symmetry. For example, the maximum overlap occurs at certain shifts that are related to the diameter of the function's support. If we can find the shifts where the overlap is maximized, we can focus on those.

But how to model that in code? Maybe not directly, but considering that the maximum correlation occurs for shifts that are within a certain range.

Considering time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code by improving the DE parameters and increasing the number of iterations. Also, maybe adding more diverse initial guesses that are structured and not random.

Wait, the current code's DE uses a population size of 150 and 60 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the mutation rates could lead to better results. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, the code has to be efficient.

Another idea: instead of using multiple random patterns, generate patterns that are more structured but with varying parameters. For example, a hexagonal grid or something else. However, how to implement that?

Alternatively, using a parameterized function and optimizing its parameters. For example, suppose the function is defined as a combination of pulses with certain frequencies and duty cycles. Then, the code could sample different parameters and optimize the function's parameters.

But with the time constraints, this might be complex. Let me think of code steps.

The previous code uses generate_pattern with different frequencies and duty cycles. Perhaps adding more examples of those. For instance, generating more sawtooth and triangle wave patterns with various frequencies and duty cycles.

Also, the current code uses a while loop to generate guesses. Maybe reducing the number of guesses and focusing on the best ones. For example, generating a few optimized patterns and then refining them.

Another possible improvement: using a different optimization method. For example, using basin-hopping or other global optimization methods. But I need to check what's available in scipy.

Alternatively, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints well. But how would that integrate with the previous code?

Alternatively, using a combination of different optimization methods. For example, using DE for global search and SLSQP for local refinement.

But given the time constraints, maybe the existing code can be tuned. For example, increasing the population size of DE, allowing more iterations, or using a better initial guess.

Another thing: the current code uses np.correlate, which might be computationally expensive. Maybe precomputing the shifts or optimizing the calculation. However, the problem says that the evaluation is done via np.correlate with mode 'full', so that's correct.

So, perhaps the main improvements are:

1. Use more diverse and structured initial guesses.
2. Tune the parameters of the DE and SLSQP steps.
3. Focus optimization on the best guesses.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values as the main starting point, and generate a few variations of it with slight perturbations. Then, optimize those variations using SLSQP. This could potentially avoid getting stuck in local optima.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the starting point for a DE optimization, and then refining with SLSQP.

But how to implement that in code.

Let me outline a revised approach:

- Start with the initial_h_values as the primary guess.
- Perform a differential evolution optimization from this guess, with a higher population size and more iterations.
- After obtaining a better candidate, perform SLSQP refinement.
- Additionally, generate some other structured patterns and refine them similarly.

But perhaps the code can be modified to focus more on the initial_h_values and less on random guesses. Also, using a different mutation strategy in DE.

Wait, the previous code had a line where it generates guesses including the initial_h_values. Maybe that's redundant. Perhaps focusing on optimizing the initial guess and a few other patterns would be better.

Another possible optimization is to use a more efficient way to calculate the objective function. For example, precomputing the shifts and avoiding redundant calculations.

Additionally, the code currently uses a fixed number of iterations for DE and SLSQP. Perhaps increasing the numbers if time permits. But given the 100-second budget, it's important to manage time efficiently.

Another thought: the overlap integral is computed as the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. The cross-correlation for each shift. The maximum of this over all shifts is what needs to be minimized. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. However, the integral is multiplied by dx, which is correct.

So, the main challenge is to find a function h that minimizes this maximum value.

Now, thinking about how to improve the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the main starting point.
- Perform a DE optimization from this starting point, with sufficient parameters to find a better solution.
- Perform SLSQP refinement on the result.
- Maybe also add some other structured initial guesses, like periodic functions with specific parameters.

Also, the code may have a time budget of 100 seconds. So, it's important to track the elapsed time and stop early if needed.

Another possible improvement is to use a hybrid approach. For example, starting with DE, then using a local optimizer. But how to integrate that into the code.

In the previous code, after generating several guesses, it uses DE on each guess. But perhaps that's not efficient. Instead, after the initial guess, perform DE once and then refine.

But how to structure this.

In code:

- Start with the initial_h_values as the main guess.
- Run DE from this guess.
- Run SLSQP refinement on the DE result.
- Also, generate some other structured guesses (like different pulse patterns) and run DE and SLSQP on them, tracking the best result.

This way, it's not just relying on random guesses, but using a combination of the initial guess and some structured patterns.

Another idea: the current code's generate_pattern function uses a frequency parameter. Perhaps varying the frequency more widely could generate better patterns. For example, frequencies from 2 to 10, and duty cycles from 0.2 to 0.8 in steps of 0.1.

Additionally, the previous code generates a few sawtooth and triangle patterns, but maybe adding more of those could help.

In the code, the loops for freq in 3-8 and duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6] could be adjusted to include more parameters.

But code-wise, generating more patterns might take more time, but perhaps it's manageable.

So, modifying the code to generate more structured patterns, and then optimizing them with DE and SLSQP.

Another thing: the code uses a for loop for _ in range(5) to generate random guesses. Perhaps replacing those with more structured patterns would be better.

Also, in the current code, after generating the initial guesses, it runs DE on each and then SLSQP. This is computationally expensive. Maybe instead, generating a few key initial guesses and then optimizing them, then refining those.

Alternatively, using the initial guess and some other patterns as the starting points for DE.

Now, considering the code's structure, perhaps to improve it:

- Use the initial_h_values as the initial guess.
- Generate a couple of structured patterns (like pulse, sawtooth, triangle) with varying parameters.
- Run DE on these initial guesses.
- Refine the best ones with SLSQP.
- Also, after some refinement, iterate the SLSQP steps to further improve.

But how to code this.

Another possible optimization is to limit the number of DE iterations and focus on the most promising candidates.

In terms of code structure, the current code has:

guesses = [h]
for freq in range(3, 9):
    guesses.append(generate_pattern(freq, 0.5, 'pulse'))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
    guesses.append(generate_pattern(3, duty, 'saw'))
    guesses.append(generate_pattern(3, duty, 'triangle'))
for _ in range(5):
    guesses.append(np.random.rand(n_points) * 0.5)

This generates a few structured patterns and some random ones. Maybe replacing the random ones with more structured ones.

Another idea: generate pulse patterns with varying frequencies and duty cycles, and similarly for sawtooth and triangle.

For example:

for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
    for duty in [0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(generate_pattern(freq, duty, 'pulse'))
        guesses.append(generate_pattern(freq, duty, 'saw'))
        guesses.append(generate_pattern(freq, duty, 'triangle'))

This would generate a variety of structured patterns. However, this might increase the number of guesses, but perhaps the code can handle it.

But how to manage the time. Since the budget is 100 seconds, and each DE run takes time, the number of guesses should be limited.

Alternatively, reducing the number of guesses but making them more diverse.

In any case, the code can be adjusted to generate more structured initial guesses.

Another thing: the current code's DE uses a mutation parameter of (0.5, 0.95). Changing this to a wider range might help explore the search space more, but could also lead to slower convergence.

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, but again, with the constraints.

But given the time, perhaps the code should focus on optimizing the initial guess and a few structured patterns.

In terms of code structure, the main steps would be:

1. Start with initial_h_values as the initial guess.
2. Generate a few structured patterns (pulses, sawtooth, triangle) with various frequencies and duty cycles.
3. For each of these initial guesses, perform a differential evolution optimization.
4. After obtaining the best candidate from DE, perform SLSQP refinement.
5. Repeat the refinement steps multiple times to further improve the result.

This would focus on the most promising initial guesses and optimize them further.

Another thing to note: the current code's DE uses a fixed maximum of 60 iterations. Increasing this number could allow for better exploration of the search space, but would take more time.

Given the 100-second budget, it's important to balance between the number of DE runs and the number of iterations per run.

In conclusion, the key improvements are:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point and optimize it with DE and SLSQP.
- Generate additional structured initial guesses with various parameters.
- Tune the DE and SLSQP parameters for better performance.
- Focus on the most promising candidates and refine them.

So, modifying the code to focus on these aspects.

Now, translating this into code. The main changes would be in how the guesses are generated, the parameters of DE, and the refinement steps.

For example:

- Generate structured patterns with more frequencies and duty cycles.
- Reduce the number of random guesses.
- Possibly increase DE's population size or iterations if time permits.

But I need to code this into the existing structure.

Another thing to consider is that the previous code uses a for loop to iterate through guesses, and for each guess, runs DE and then SLSQP. Instead, maybe selecting the best guesses from the initial set and running DE on them, rather than running DE on all guesses.

So, in the code:

- Create a list of initial guesses, including the initial_h_values and some structured patterns.
- For each guess, perform DE optimization.
- Collect the best result from all these optimizations.
- Then perform SLSQP refinement on that best result.

This way, the code is more efficient.

Additionally, the code can have a loop that runs SLSQP refinement on the best guess for a certain number of iterations to further improve.

Another possible improvement: during the DE optimization, capture the best result encountered so far, and then refine it with SLSQP.

Now, putting this all together into code.

The code should:

- Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.
- Generate other structured guesses (pulse, sawtooth, triangle) with varying parameters.
- Perform DE optimization on each guess.
- Keep track of the best result.
- After all DE optimizations, refine the best result with SLSQP.
- Optionally, run SLSQP multiple times to further improve the result.

This approach should focus on the most promising guesses and refine them effectively.

So, the revised code would adjust the guess generation and the optimization steps accordingly.

Another thought: the initial_h_values may have been constructed with some optimization already, so starting from it might be better than random guesses.

In terms of code structure, here's how the code could change:

The generate_pattern function can be used to create more diverse guesses. For example:

for freq in [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(generate_pattern(freq, duty, 'pulse'))
        guesses.append(generate_pattern(freq, duty, 'saw'))
        guesses.append(generate_pattern(freq, duty, 'triangle'))

This would generate a large number of structured patterns. However, with the time constraints, this may be too much. So, perhaps limiting freqs to 3-10 and duty cycles to 0.2-0.8 with steps of 0.2.

Alternatively, sample a few frequencies and duty cycles.

But code-wise, this can be implemented with loops.

Another optimization: the previous code uses a for loop to generate 5 random guesses. Instead of that, perhaps generating a few structured ones.

In conclusion, the key changes would be:

1. Use a more diverse set of initial guesses, including structured patterns with various parameters.
2. Perform DE optimization on these guesses.
3. Refine the best result with SLSQP multiple times.
4. Adjust DE and SLSQP parameters for better performance.

Now, translating this into code, while ensuring it fits the output constraints.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def generate_pattern(freq, duty, type_func):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        if type_func == 'pulse':
            wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
            return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
        elif type_func == 'saw':
            return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
        elif type_func == 'triangle':
            return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
        else:
            return np.random.rand(n_points) * duty

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 11):
        for duty in [0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8]:
            guesses.append(generate_pattern(freq, duty, 'pulse'))
            guesses.append(generate_pattern(freq, duty, 'saw'))
            guesses.append(generate_pattern(freq, duty, 'triangle'))
    for _ in range(3):
        guesses.append(np.random.rand(n_points) * 0.5)

    def slsqp_refine(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 50, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    def de_search():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=30,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for g in guesses:
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        try:
            h_opt = de_search()
            h_opt = slsqp_refine(h_opt)
            c = obj(h_opt)
            if c < best_c5:
                best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
        except:
            pass

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        try:
            best_h = slsqp_refine(best_h)
            if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = obj(best_h)
        except:
            pass

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```