<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. So the goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code uses a combination of different optimization techniques like SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess. But the user wants a better approach.

First, I need to understand what the problem is really about. The function h(x) is a step function over [0,2], with integral 1. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The lower this value, the better, as it gives a tighter upper bound on C₅.

The previous code tried various waveforms and random guesses, then refined them with SLSQP. But maybe there's a better way. Let me think about possible improvements.

Maybe instead of using multiple guesses, I can use a more systematic approach. For example, trying to structure the function h(x) to have as much overlap as possible minimized. Since the integral is over shifts, perhaps the optimal h is a periodic function or has some symmetry. But how to model that?

Another thought: since the problem involves minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe a greedy approach could help. For example, iteratively adjust h(x) to reduce the worst-case overlap. But how to implement that efficiently?

Also, the current code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points = 45). Maybe increasing the number of samples could help, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, the previous program uses n=45, which is manageable.

Wait, the user's previous code starts from initial_h_values (which is 45 samples). Maybe the initial guess is good, but we need to refine it better. The existing code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, but perhaps we can use a more efficient optimization method, or a different strategy.

I recall that in some optimization problems, especially those involving maxima, using a gradient-based method might not be effective because the objective is non-smooth. So maybe using a different approach, like a metaheuristic, could be better. However, the previous code already tried differential evolution.

Another idea: since the overlap integral can be thought of as a convolution, maybe there's a way to model this as a convolution problem and use techniques from signal processing. For example, if we can find h such that its convolution with (1 - h) is minimized in max norm. But I'm not sure how to translate that into an optimization problem.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be framed as a variational problem. However, given the constraints (integral of h is 1, h in [0,1]), it's challenging to find an analytical solution.

Wait, the previous code uses a list of guesses, including pulses, sawtooth, and sine waves. But perhaps those are not the optimal. Maybe generating more structured guesses could help. For example, using functions that are designed to minimize overlaps, like overlapping regions that are sparse.

Another approach is to consider that the maximum overlap integral corresponds to the worst shift k. So we need to design h such that for all shifts k, the overlap is as small as possible. This resembles a covering problem where h is a binary function (but here it's a step function), and the aim is to minimize the maximum overlap.

Wait, but h is a step function with values in [0,1], so it's not necessarily binary. Maybe using piecewise constant functions with certain patterns could help. For instance, designing h to be 1 in some regions and 0 in others, but then the integral is 1, so the regions need to be balanced.

Alternatively, using a two-level function where h is either 0 or 1, but that would make the integral 1 over [0,2], which requires the length of the regions where h=1 is 1 (since area is 1). But then the overlap for shifts would be similar to the original problem with h being a binary function.

But the problem allows h to take any values between 0 and 1, so maybe a more efficient design can be found by allowing intermediate values.

Wait, maybe using a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, but with some overlapping regions. For example, if h is 1 for a certain length, then zero for another, but arranged so that shifting causes minimal overlap.

But how to model this in code? It's not clear. Perhaps using a greedy algorithm: start with a function that satisfies the integral constraint and iteratively adjust regions to reduce the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of the integral. For each shift k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. So we want to minimize the maximum of these areas over all k.

This feels like a covering problem, where for each shift k, we want to avoid that h(x) and h(x + k) are both 1 in the same region. But how to balance this for all k?

Another thought: the overlap depends on the energy of the function. If h has a certain structure, like being a union of intervals, then the overlap could be minimized by spacing those intervals apart. But with the integral constraint, the number of intervals is limited.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal h is a set of equally spaced intervals. For example, if h is set to 1 in n intervals of length Δ, such that the total area is 1. The spacing between intervals would matter for the overlap when shifted.

But how to choose the number of intervals and their positions? This seems like a combinatorial optimization problem, which is difficult to solve directly.

Perhaps using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe switching to a different method or improving the parameter settings could help. For example, using a hybrid approach with a global optimizer followed by a local refiner.

Another idea: since the objective function is the maximum of a set of integrals, which are all related to the convolution, maybe we can sample the possible shifts k and optimize h to minimize the worst-case value. However, the number of possible shifts is infinite, so we can't check all of them. But maybe using a discrete set of shifts, and optimizing h to minimize the maximum over those shifts. That could be a way to approximate the problem.

But how to approximate the shifts? The original problem is over [0,2], so shifts could range from 0 to 2. If we sample k at regular intervals, say every dx, then we could include those as constraints in the optimization problem. Alternatively, considering that the problem is periodic over certain intervals, maybe we can focus on specific shifts.

Wait, the original code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation over all possible shifts. But for the purpose of the problem, the maximum could be achieved at specific shifts. However, it's computationally expensive to check all k, but perhaps in practice, the maximum occurs at certain shifts, like those corresponding to the spacing of the intervals.

Alternatively, perhaps using a Chebyshev approximation approach, where we distribute the peaks of the function to minimize the maximum deviation. But again, not sure how to apply that here.

Let me think about the previous code. It uses a combination of methods, including random guesses and structured functions. The problem with that approach is that it might get stuck in local minima. To improve, perhaps we can use a more intelligent initial guess, or use a more efficient optimization strategy.

Maybe instead of randomly generating guesses, using a structured approach where the function h is designed to have certain patterns. For example, using a periodic function with specific frequencies, or a function that alternates between high and low values to minimize overlaps.

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization method. For example, instead of SLSQP, using a Bayesian optimization approach could be more efficient, especially when the objective function is expensive to evaluate. However, implementing Bayesian optimization might be complicated, especially with the constraints here.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm could be effective in exploring the search space. The previous code uses differential evolution, which is a type of genetic algorithm. But maybe adjusting the parameters of differential evolution, like population size, mutation rate, etc., could lead to better results.

Another idea: since the problem is non-convex and has multiple local minima, it's important to have a good initial guess. The initial_h_values provided by the user could be a good starting point. So perhaps refining that with more advanced optimization techniques.

Let me consider the parameters used in the previous code. For example, in the SLSQP part, the options are maxiter=300 and ftol=1e-10. Maybe increasing the maxiter or adjusting ftol could help. Alternatively, using a more aggressive refinement step.

Another thing: when using differential evolution, the code runs it three times, but maybe more iterations would help. However, the time budget is tight, so we need to balance between the number of evaluations and the time.

Also, the current code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points=45). Perhaps trying with a different n_points could lead to better results. For example, a larger n_points might allow for more precise adjustments, but the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. But the user's example uses 45, which is manageable.

Wait, let me check the previous code's goal. The current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and the user wants to achieve C₅ ≤ 0.380876. So even a small improvement, like reducing it by 0.00002, would be a success.

So how can we approach this? Maybe a better initial guess. The initial_h_values could be generated in a specific pattern that already has good properties. For example, using a function that is approximately uniform in some way, but with peaks placed to minimize overlaps.

Alternatively, the initial_h_values could be generated using a specific pattern, such as a sine wave with certain parameters, which might be a good starting point.

Another thought: the overlap integral is maximized when there's a lot of overlap between h and 1-h. So we want h to avoid putting 1s and 0s close to each other. Therefore, designing h to have regions where it is 1, separated by regions where it is 0, but in such a way that when shifted, these regions don't overlap much.

For example, if h is 1 in intervals of length L, spaced apart by S, then for a shift k, the overlap would depend on how much of the intervals of 1 overlap with the intervals shifted by k. However, the integral constraint requires that the total area of 1s is 1 over [0,2]. So if the total length of 1 intervals is T, then T * 1 (since h is 1 there) equals 1, so T=1. So the total length of intervals where h is 1 is 1. If those intervals are spaced apart, then shifting them by a certain amount would cause overlaps.

But how to model that? Let's say there are m intervals of length L, spaced apart. Then m * L = 1, and the total length from the start of the first interval to the end of the last interval is m * L + (m-1) * S, where S is the spacing between intervals. But since the domain is [0,2], we need to have that total length not exceed 2. However, this is a simplified model and might not account for overlaps.

This suggests that designing h as a set of intervals spaced apart could be beneficial. So maybe generating an initial guess with such a pattern could be better.

But how to implement this in code? For example, creating a function that has m intervals of length L, spaced equally. Then, optimizing the positions and lengths of these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap.

However, this approach could require more complex code and might not be as easy to integrate into the existing optimization framework.

Alternatively, perhaps the current code is already doing a good job, but the problem is that it's not exploring the search space sufficiently. So maybe increasing the diversity of the initial guesses could help. For example, instead of generating a fixed number of structured guesses, using more varied ones.

Another idea: the current code uses a combination of different waveforms. Maybe trying other waveforms, like a triangular wave, or a square wave, could provide better initial guesses. However, the previous code already includes some of these.

Alternatively, using a more mathematical approach: since the integral of h is 1, and we want to minimize the maximum overlap integral, perhaps we can model this as an optimization problem with constraints.

Let me try to formalize the problem. Let’s denote the overlap function as O(k) = ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx for each k. We want to minimize the maximum over k of O(k). The constraint is ∫ h(x) dx = 1, and 0 ≤ h(x) ≤ 1.

But integrating over all possible k is challenging. However, if we can find a function h that is periodic or has certain symmetries, it might simplify the problem.

For example, if h is periodic with period T, then O(k) would depend on the period. But since the domain is [0,2], the period might be a fraction of that.

Another approach: considering that the convolution of h and 1 - h (shifted) is the Riemann sum approximation of the integral. The previous code uses numpy.correlate, which computes the cross-correlation. The maximum value of this cross-correlation, scaled by dx, is the objective.

But how to optimize this? Perhaps using a different optimization method, such as gradient descent with constraints. However, the objective function is non-differentiable at certain points, which complicates gradient-based methods.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model or approximating the objective function with a smooth function to allow for more efficient optimization.

But given the time constraints, it's challenging to implement such a method. So perhaps sticking with the existing approach but improving the hyperparameters or the initial guesses.

The previous code uses SLSQP with a maximum of 300 iterations, which might not be enough. Maybe increasing the maxiter could help. Also, the differential evolution part might be too slow, so using more efficient parameters there.

Another thought: since the current code uses multiple guesses, maybe it's possible to generate more structured initial guesses. For example, using functions that are derived from the initial_h_values but modified in certain ways.

Alternatively, using a step function where h is 1 in specific intervals that are spaced to minimize overlap. For example, if we have h as a set of intervals, spaced by a certain amount, then the overlap for shifts would be minimized when the shifts are larger than the spacing.

But how to implement this? For example, if we have two intervals, each of length 0.5, spaced by 1.0. The total area is 1. Then, when shifted by 0.5, the overlap between the two intervals would be 0.25. But for other shifts, maybe the overlap is smaller.

But this is just an example. The optimal arrangement might require more intervals. However, designing such a pattern would require careful consideration.

But given that the initial_h_values might already be a good starting point, perhaps the best approach is to refine it using more advanced optimization techniques.

So, perhaps the current code can be modified by using a more efficient optimizer, adjusting the parameters, or increasing the number of iterations.

Another thing to consider: the current code performs a series of optimizations, but maybe it's possible to use more efficient refining steps. For example, after finding a good guess, performing multiple rounds of local optimization with different parameters.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points=45). Maybe trying with a different number of samples could yield better results, but the user prefers smaller sequences. However, trying with more samples could allow for finer adjustments, which might be worth the computational cost within the time budget.

But the user's previous code uses n_points=45, so maybe keeping that. Let's think about the code structure.

The code defines several helper functions to generate different guesses (pulses, sawtooth, etc.) and then performs optimization on them. The main optimization steps are using SLSQP with different initial guesses and then differential evolution followed by further SLSQP refinement.

To improve this, perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses, or generating more diverse ones. For example, instead of generating guesses based on fixed frequencies and phases, we could use a more varied approach, like randomly perturbing the initial guess.

Another idea: using a combination of random restarts and gradient-based optimization. But the current code already does some of that.

Alternatively, consider that the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts, which are related to the structure of h. So, maybe focusing the optimization on those specific shifts.

For example, if we can find a set of critical shifts k where the overlap is maximized, and then ensure that h is optimized to minimize those. This would reduce the problem to optimizing for a few specific k, making the objective function smoother.

But how to determine which shifts are critical? It might be difficult without prior knowledge.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values and then performing a local optimization that focuses on reducing the maximum overlap.

Another approach: since the current code uses a lot of time for differential evolution, maybe replacing it with a different optimization algorithm that is faster but still effective.

For example, using the basin-hopping algorithm from scipy.optimize, which combines local optimization with random perturbations. This could help escape local minima.

But again, implementing this would require modifying the optimization steps.

Another thought: the condition ∫ h(x) dx = 1 is a linear constraint, which makes the problem a constrained optimization. The previous code uses SLSQP with that constraint, which should be appropriate.

So, perhaps the issue is with the initial guesses and the limited exploration of the search space.

Given the time constraints, the best approach might be to refine the existing code, perhaps by increasing the number of initial guesses, using more efficient parameters, and enhancing the refinement steps.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include random, pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more types of guesses, like more random variations or other waveforms, could help find better solutions.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the starting point and performing more aggressive optimization.

So, to summarize the plan:

1. Start from the initial_h_values as the initial guess.
2. Use a more advanced optimization method, such as a hybrid approach combining global and local optimization.
3. Use more diverse initial guesses to avoid local minima.
4. Refine the optimization parameters (e.g., increasing maxiter, adjusting tolerances) to allow for better convergence.
5. Use a different optimization method for differential evolution, such as adjusting the population size or mutation rates.

But without extensive testing, it's hard to know what changes will yield the best results. Given that the user wants a better solution, perhaps the existing code can be adjusted by making the following changes:

- Increase the number of initial guesses to cover more possibilities.
- Use more efficient parameters for the optimization methods.
- Add a more systematic refinement step.

So, in code, modifying the previous approach to generate more varied guesses and refine them more thoroughly.

For example, instead of generating guesses with fixed frequencies, generate them with varying parameters. Also, using a different initial guess for the differential evolution.

Another idea: the current code uses multiple random guesses. To make them more effective, generating them with different seeds or structures.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization strategy, such as using a global optimizer with more iterations, followed by a local optimizer.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess, like a function that is a sum of pulses with certain spacing.

But without knowing the exact structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the user mentioned that the initial_h_values are provided, and the code should reference it directly.

So, perhaps the best approach is to take the initial_h_values as the starting point, perform several rounds of optimization with different methods, and refine it as much as possible within the time budget.

Another point to consider is that the objective function is the maximum of several integrals. Since it's a max function, the optimization is challenging. A possible way to improve this is to use a different objective function that approximates the max function, making it smoother. However, implementing this would require careful consideration.

Given the time, perhaps the best way is to implement the previous code with some modifications, such as increasing the number of initial guesses, adjusting the optimization parameters, and adding more refinement steps.

For example, the previous code uses 10 random guesses. Increasing that number or generating more varied guesses could help. Also, using a more aggressive differential evolution with higher maxiter.

But given the time budget, I need to make sure that the code runs within 100 seconds. So the code should be efficient.

In conclusion, the plan is to:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Generate a variety of structured and random guesses.
- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters to find a better solution.
- Perform multiple rounds of SLSQP refinement on the best solution found.

The code can be structured to first generate several guesses based on different waveforms and random samples, then use differential evolution to search for better solutions, and finally refine them with SLSQP.

So, here's the code that implements this approach. It starts with the initial_h_values, generates a variety of initial guesses, performs differential evolution, and refines with SLSQP, making sure to stay within the time budget.

To optimize further, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method or adjusting parameters. However, based on the previous code, the current approach is implemented with the following changes:

- More initial guesses.
- Adjusted parameters for differential evolution and SLSQP.
- Additional refinement steps.

This should lead to a better C₅ bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 45
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_sine(freq, phase, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x + phase)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.4))
    for phase in np.linspace(0, 2*np.pi, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_sine(3, phase, 0.6))
    for _ in range(20):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-6})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=25,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-6})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```