<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The previous approach used a combination of different guess functions and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe I can do better by changing the strategy.

First, let me understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral with its shifted versions. The overlap integral is calculated as the correlation between h and 1-h, scaled by dx. The lower the maximum of these integrals, the better.

The previous code started with an initial guess and then tried several different pulse and waveform functions as initial guesses, followed by optimization. But maybe I can use a different approach. For example, instead of using a fixed number of points, maybe a different discretization strategy. But the problem says that smaller sequences (under 1k samples) are preferred for faster optimization.

Wait, the initial_h_values has 45 points. Let me check the code. The previous code uses n_points = 45. The user probably wants to stick with that or maybe try a different n_points. But the problem says to prefer less than 1k samples. 45 is way under 1k.

So maybe I can try to optimize the same number of points but with different starting points. The previous approach tried several different waveform functions. Maybe I can generate more diverse initial guesses, like using more complex patterns or different frequencies.

Another idea: maybe using a greedy approach where we iteratively adjust the function to minimize the maximum overlap. However, greedy algorithms can get stuck in local minima.

Alternatively, maybe using a metaheuristic like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing. But the previous code used differential evolution and SLSQP. Let me think: differential evolution is good for global optimization, while SLSQP is for local refinement.

Wait, the previous code used both. Maybe I can improve that by tuning the parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations, changing the population size in differential evolution, or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Alternatively, maybe trying different initial guesses. The previous code generated pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and sine waves with various frequencies and phases. Maybe adding more waveform types or varying the parameters more.

Another thought: the overlap integral is the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. The maximum over k is what we want to minimize. Since the function is on [0,2], shifting by k can wrap around. Wait, but in the problem statement, the integral is over [0,2] for each k? Or is it a convolution?

Wait, the problem says the integral is over [0,2], but when you shift by k, would the integral be over the overlapping interval? The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the full cross-correlation. The correlation for each lag k is computed as the integral over the overlapping interval. However, when using mode 'full', the result for each k is the integral over the overlapping region. But the problem's definition of C5 is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. So, for each shift k, the integral is over the interval where x + k is within [0,2], which for the correlation, would correspond to the full mode. But the code uses the full mode and multiplies by dx. That makes sense.

But how to model this? Maybe the current approach is correct.

Now, what's the problem with the previous code? It tried several initial guess functions, then used SLSQP and differential evolution. The best C5 was 0.381142, which is worse than the target of 0.380876. So I need to find a better starting point or a better optimization strategy.

Let me think about the optimization landscape. The problem is non-convex, so finding the global minimum is difficult. The previous approach might have gotten stuck in local minima because of the initial guess. So maybe using a more diverse set of initial guesses could help.

Another idea: perhaps using a more structured approach, like a piecewise constant function with certain properties. For example, partitioning the interval [0,2] into intervals where h is constant, and then optimizing the values. But how to do that efficiently?

Alternatively, considering the problem as a combinatorial optimization problem. For example, maybe the optimal h is designed to have certain symmetry or periodicity. Like, maybe it's a union of intervals where h is 1 or 0, but arranged in a way that minimizes overlap when shifted.

Wait, the Erdős problem is about finding a function with minimal maximum overlap. The original problem is related to the minimum maximum overlap of a set of shifts. The upper bound for C5 is the problem here.

In the original Erdős problem, it's about the minimum maximum overlap of a sequence of points. But this seems related. For the function h, the overlap integral with its shift is equivalent to the integral of the product of h and the complement of h shifted by k. So, the goal is to arrange h so that for every shift k, the integral is as small as possible.

To minimize the maximum of these integrals, perhaps we can model this as a two-player game: each shift k wants to maximize the overlap, and we want to find h that minimizes this maximum. This is similar to a minimax problem.

But how to model this in code? The previous code uses a numerical approach, trying to optimize h with constraints. So, perhaps I can improve the numerical optimization approach by using better initial guesses, better optimization parameters, or combining different optimization techniques.

Another idea: the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe for the initial optimization steps, use a more global method like differential evolution, and then refine with SLSQP. But maybe there's a way to combine them more effectively.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, such as simulated annealing, which can explore the search space more thoroughly. However, simulated annealing might be slower, but given the time budget of 100 seconds, maybe it's manageable.

Let me think about how to generate better initial guesses. The previous code used some waveform functions. Maybe adding more types of functions, such as more complex pulses, or fractal-like structures, could help. Or using more random initial guesses with constraints.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm where the population is a set of functions h, and each generation is evolved by crossover and mutation. But again, this could be time-consuming.

Another approach: since the integral is over shifts, perhaps the optimal h has certain symmetry properties. For example, if h is periodic with period T, then the shifts by multiples of T might have some properties. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, considering that the function h is on [0,2], maybe we can model it as a function that is designed to have minimal overlap with itself at various shifts. For instance, if h is a union of intervals, arranged such that when shifted, they overlap as little as possible.

But how to translate that into a numerical optimization problem? Perhaps by constructing h as a step function with certain intervals and optimizing the lengths and positions of these intervals.

But for a numerical approach, I need to find a way to express this in code. Maybe generating a random initial guess with varying step positions and then optimizing.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more sophisticated initial guess based on known optimal solutions. However, since the problem says to use initial_h_values if available, which is the current known construction, perhaps I can start from that and try to improve it.

Wait, in the previous code, the initial guess is the initial_h_values, which is the current best. So maybe the approach is to start from that and use optimization to find a better solution.

So the plan is:

1. Start from the initial_h_values (45 points).
2. Use optimization techniques to refine this solution.
3. Try different initial guesses to avoid local minima.
4. Combine different optimization methods (like differential evolution, SLSQP, genetic algorithms) to improve the result.

But how to do this efficiently within the time budget.

Another thought: the previous code tried several different guess functions, like pulses, sawtooth, etc. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, using different pulse frequencies, duty cycles, phases, etc., and combining them with random initializations.

Alternatively, maybe using a more structured approach, such as starting with a piecewise function that has certain properties, like being periodic or having symmetry.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code uses several initial guess functions (gen_pulses, gen_saw, etc.), which generate different waveforms. Maybe adding more of these functions or varying the parameters more could help generate better initial guesses.

For example, in the previous code, they tried frequencies from 3 to 9, and various duty cycles. Maybe increasing the frequency range, or trying more complex shapes, could help. Also, generating more phases, or combining different waveforms.

Another idea: the previous code used SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in the SLSQP steps, or adjusting the tolerances, could lead to better optimization.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method which handles bounds and constraints, or the Nelder-Mead simplex method, but I'm not sure.

But since the code already uses SLSQP and differential evolution, perhaps the key is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization parameters.

Another possible improvement: instead of trying all those initial guesses, focus on a few that are more promising. For example, maybe the optimal function has a certain structure, like being composed of several pulses with specific spacing.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal function is similar to a sinusoidal function with certain parameters. So generating initial guesses with a small number of frequencies and duty cycles, and then optimizing.

But I need to code this efficiently. Let's think about the code structure.

The previous code defines several functions to generate initial guesses: gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, gen_sine. It then creates a list of guesses by applying these functions with varying parameters.

Maybe I can generate more of these, or parametrize them better. For example, generating multiple frequencies and duty cycles for each type, or randomizing the phases.

Alternatively, trying different combinations of these functions. For example, combining a pulse train with a sine wave.

But how to code that? Maybe generating a random mix of different waveforms, or using a more systematic approach.

Another thing: the time budget is 100 seconds. So I need to make sure that the code can run within that time. The previous code uses differential evolution for a few iterations, then SLSQP refining. Maybe I can adjust the parameters to use more efficient steps.

Another idea: the previous code uses differential evolution with a population size of 50 and 30 max iterations. Maybe increasing this could help, but it's time-consuming. Alternatively, reducing the population size but increasing the number of iterations.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first perform a global search with differential evolution, then refine with SLSQP.

The main problem is that the previous code's best result is slightly above the target, so I need to find a way to improve it.

Let me think about the current best-known bound. The target is 0.380876, and the previous result is 0.381142. So the difference is about 0.00028. To achieve that, I need a better solution.

Perhaps using a more aggressive optimization method. Let me think: differential evolution is a global optimizer, but it can get stuck if the initial population is not diverse enough. So generating a better initial population might help.

Another idea: the initial guess is the one given by initial_h_values. Maybe using that as the starting point and then applying optimization steps. Alternatively, using it as one of the initial guesses in the guesses list.

But the previous code already did that.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the best guess and then trying to improve it with optimization steps. Maybe applying more iterations of SLSQP refinement.

Alternatively, trying to use more advanced optimization techniques, like using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can efficiently explore the parameter space. However, implementing Bayesian optimization might be complex and time-consuming.

Another thought: the current code's optimization uses a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in the SLSQP step would allow for better refinement.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the refinement steps. For example, using a conjugate gradient method or another solver.

But the code already uses SLSQP for refinement.

Hmm. Let me think about the code structure again. The code first generates a list of initial guesses (guesses), then for each guess, runs SLSQP and keeps the best result. Then runs differential evolution for a few iterations, then refines again with SLSQP.

Maybe I can improve the initial guesses by making them more diverse. For example, in the previous code, the guesses include multiple frequencies and duty cycles, but perhaps increasing the number of these could help. Or using a different set of waveform types.

Alternatively, using a different approach to generate initial guesses. Instead of waveforms, maybe generate random functions that are piecewise constant with certain properties.

Wait, the initial_h_values is already a 45-point step function. Maybe generating other step functions with different structures could be better. For example, varying the number of steps and their positions.

Another idea: the optimal function might be a union of intervals where h is 1, and the rest is 0, arranged in a way that when shifted, they don't overlap too much. So, perhaps constructing a set of intervals with certain lengths and spacing.

But how to model that in code? Maybe generating a random set of intervals, then optimizing their lengths and positions. However, this would require a different approach.

Alternatively, using a reinforcement learning approach, but that's probably not feasible within the given time.

Another possible improvement: the correlation is calculated over all shifts k. The maximum of these is what we want to minimize. So, perhaps during the optimization, we can focus on reducing the maximum of the correlation values.

But how to do that? The current code uses the max of the correlation as the objective function. That's correct.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses the 'full' mode of np.correlate. However, in the problem statement, the integral is over the overlapping region. For shifts k where the shifted function is completely within the interval [0,2], the integral would be over the entire [0,2], but for other shifts, it's over a smaller region. However, the code correctly uses the full mode and multiplies by dx, which is 2/n_points. So the code is correctly computing the integral.

Now, let's think about the existing code's steps. It first tries several initial guesses and optimizes them. Then does a few iterations of differential evolution and optimizes again. Finally, refines the best solution several times.

To improve this, maybe:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses by varying parameters more. For example, using more frequencies, duty cycles, phases, etc.

2. Use a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm.

3. Increase the number of iterations for the optimization steps.

4. Use a different set of initial guesses based on different waveforms.

Alternatively, using a completely different approach for the initial guesses. For example, using random bit patterns with certain constraints.

Let me try to think of code changes that could help.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated by:

- Adding pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and sine functions with varying parameters.

Maybe adding more waveform types or varying the parameters in a different way could lead to better initial guesses. For example, using more frequencies or adding random phases.

Alternatively, using a different method to generate random initial guesses. For example, instead of generating random functions with uniform distribution, ensuring that the integral is 1.

But the code already does that by normalizing the sum of h to target_sum.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (like 20 or so), but maybe generating more of them could help. However, this could increase the time, but perhaps with a limited number of iterations, it's manageable.

Alternatively, using a better initial guess generator. For example, using the initial_h_values as a base and perturbing it with some random noise, then optimizing.

But the previous code already uses the initial_h_values as part of the initial guesses.

Another possible improvement: the differential evolution step uses a population size of 50. Maybe increasing this could help, but at the cost of more computation time. Or using a larger mutation range.

Alternatively, changing the mutation and recombination parameters to allow for more exploration.

But all of this is already done in the code.

Another idea: during the optimization process, track the best solution and use it as the starting point for subsequent optimizations. The code does that by keeping the best_h and best_c5.

Another possible change: Instead of running SLSQP and differential evolution separately, combine them in a more efficient way. For example, use differential evolution for global search and then SLSQP for local refinement, as the code does.

Now, let me think about the code structure again. The code has the following steps:

- Generate initial guesses using various waveform functions.
- For each guess, run SLSQP optimization.
- Run differential evolution for a few iterations.
- Refine the best solution with SLSQP.

To improve, perhaps:

- Increase the number of initial guesses.
- Use more diverse waveform functions.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations for each optimizer. Maybe increasing the maximum number of iterations could help. For example, in the differential evolution part, increasing maxiter from 30 to 50, or similar.

Alternatively, using a different approach for the initial guesses. For example, generating a set of random functions that are piecewise constant and then optimizing them.

But how to generate such functions? For example, randomly selecting some points where h is 1 and others where it's 0, ensuring that the integral is 1.

Wait, that could be a good approach. For example, generating a random set of intervals where h is 1, and the rest is 0. This would create a step function with a certain number of steps. Then, the code can optimize the positions and lengths of these steps to minimize the maximum overlap.

But generating such step functions would require a way to sample the positions and lengths. For example, selecting n_steps intervals, then optimizing their positions and lengths. However, this might be complex.

Alternatively, generating a random step function with a certain number of steps, then optimizing it. This could be a different initial guess compared to the waveforms generated earlier.

But given the time constraints, maybe the easiest way is to stick with existing code and tweak it.

Let me think: in the previous code, the initial guesses are generated with generate_pulses, generate_saw, etc. Suppose I add more frequencies or duty cycles, or vary the phases, or generate more types of waveforms.

For example, for the pulses, trying more frequencies (like up to 15) and various duty cycles. For the sine functions, adding more phases.

Alternatively, using a different set of initial guesses, like a combination of different waveforms.

Another idea: maybe the optimal solution is a combination of a few pulses and a sine wave. So generating initial guesses that are combinations of these functions.

But coding that would require more complex functions. However, given that the code already has the generate_pulses, generate_saw, etc., perhaps adding more variations.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as part of the initial guesses, then generating additional guesses based on it.

But I'm not sure. Let's think about what could be improved in the current approach.

The previous code's best result was 0.381142, which is about 0.0002 higher than the target. So, to get better than that, the code needs to find a solution that can decrease this value.

One possibility is to use a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method, which is suitable for bound constraints and doesn't require gradients, but it might not be as effective as SLSQP.

Alternatively, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, but I'm not sure.

Another possibility: changing the way the initial guesses are generated. For example, using a more structured approach to create functions that are likely to perform better.

For example, the initial_h_values is a specific step function. Perhaps generating other step functions with different step patterns and optimizing them.

Alternatively, using a wavelet-based approach, but that might be complex.

Another idea: since the function is on [0,2], maybe using a function that is symmetric around 1, or has certain symmetry properties. Such functions might be more efficient in minimizing the maximum overlap.

But how to model that? It might require adding symmetry constraints in the optimization, which could complicate things.

Alternatively, generating functions that are periodic or have certain repeating patterns.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to modify the existing code to generate more diverse initial guesses and use more optimization steps.

Let me try to modify the code. For example, in the guesses list, generating more frequencies for the pulses and sawtooth functions, and adding more sine functions with different phases.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated as follows:

for freq in range(3, 10):  # freqs 3 to 9
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.4))
for phase in np.linspace(0, 2*np.pi, 10):  # 10 phases
    guesses.append(gen_sine(3, phase, 0.6))
for _ in range(10):
    guesses.append(gen_random())

Maybe increasing the number of frequencies, or varying the duty cycles. For example, using more frequencies (up to, say, 15) and different duty cycles for each.

Additionally, adding more sine functions with various frequencies and duty cycles.

Alternatively, generating more types of waveforms.

Another modification could be to add more random guesses, but since the code already does that with the gen_random() function, perhaps increasing the number of random guesses would help.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as a guess and perturbing it.

But perhaps the most straightforward way is to increase the number of initial guesses and vary the parameters more.

Let me think about how to code this. Instead of looping freq from 3 to 9, maybe loop from 3 to 15. Also, vary the duty cycles. For example, for pulses, use duty cycles from 0.3 to 0.7, etc.

Another idea: in the previous code, the phases for sine functions are spaced every 0.2π, but maybe using more phases (e.g., 20) could help.

But I need to make sure that these changes don't cause the code to run too slowly.

Another thing to consider: the code uses the initial_h_values as part of the guesses list. If the initial_h_values is already a good starting point, then perhaps the code can focus more on refining it.

In any case, the plan is to modify the code to generate more diverse initial guesses, which might help the optimization find better solutions.

Another optimization idea: using more advanced optimization settings, like adjusting the tolerance (ftol) and max iterations for SLSQP and differential evolution steps.

In the previous code, for SLSQP, the options are {'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10}. Perhaps increasing the maxiter to 500 or so, but this would use more time. However, since the code already has a time budget of 100 seconds, it's worth trying.

Another idea: in the differential evolution step, increase the number of max iterations and the population size. For example, setting maxiter to 50 and popsize to 100. But this depends on how much time is available.

Given that the code has time constraints, it's important to balance between the number of iterations and the time taken.

Another possible change: in the refinement steps, instead of doing 10 iterations of refinement with SLSQP, do more, or vary the parameters.

But again, need to ensure that the code runs within the budget.

In summary, the main changes to the code would be:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses with varied parameters.
- Increase the number of iterations for the optimization steps.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods for better convergence.

Now, to implement these changes in the code.

For example, expanding the range of frequencies in the pulses and sawtooth functions:

for freq in range(3, 15):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.6))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.4))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.6))

Also, adding more sine functions with different phases and frequencies.

for freq in [3, 6, 9]:
    for phase in np.linspace(0, 2*np.pi, 20):
        guesses.append(gen_sine(freq, phase, 0.5))

This way, the code generates more initial guesses with varied frequencies and phases, which might lead to better exploration of the search space.

Also, increasing the number of random guesses by increasing the range in the for _ in range(10) loop.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values as a starting point, then apply a few random perturbations and optimize from there. But this is already covered by the gen_random() function.

Another possible change is to adjust the differential evolution parameters. For example, increasing the mutation range and recombination probability.

So, in the differential evolution part, the code uses:

res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=30,
                                     mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)

Maybe changing mutation to (0.7, 1.0) or similar, and increasing maxiter to 50.

Also, increasing the number of iterations for the SLSQP refinement steps.

Putting all these together, the modified code would have more diverse initial guesses and more thorough optimization.

Now, the final code should incorporate these changes. Let me code it step by step.

First, define the `run` function. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point, create a list of guesses with more varied parameters, and adjust the optimization settings.

The code should:

- Use the initial_h_values as one of the guesses.
- Generate more initial guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles.
- Use more parameters for sine and other functions.
- Increase the number of iterations in optimization steps.
- Possibly adjust the differential evolution parameters.

Here's how I can implement this:

1. In the generation of guesses, expand the frequency range and add more waveform types.
2. Increase the number of random initial guesses.
3. Adjust the differential evolution parameters.
4. Increase the number of SLSQP iterations for refinement.
5. Adjust tolerances where possible.

By making these changes, the code should explore a broader search space and potentially find a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_sine(freq, phase, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x + phase)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 15):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.6))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.4))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.6))
    for freq in [3, 6, 9]:
        for phase in np.linspace(0, 2*np.pi, 20):
            guesses.append(gen_sine(freq, phase, 0.5))
    for _ in range(20):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 1.0), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 600, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```