<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and we need to get even lower, ideally down to 0.380876. The previous code used differential evolution followed by SLSQP refinement, but maybe there's a better approach.

First, I need to understand the problem better. The function h is a step function over [0,2], with integral 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Our aim is to minimize this maximum value.

The previous approach used differential evolution (DE) and then SLSQP refinement. But maybe there's a way to improve this. Let's think about alternative optimization strategies. Maybe using a different optimization method, like genetic algorithms, or a more efficient local search. Or perhaps using a different initial configuration than the initial_h_values provided.

Wait, the initial_h_values are provided, but the user says to start from them. The current code uses that as a starting point, but maybe we can generate a different initial configuration to avoid local minima. However, the user says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So we should use that as the initial guess.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of DE iterations and then refinement. Maybe we can adjust the parameters of DE or use a different method. Also, the evaluation is done using numpy.correlate, which might be computationally intensive. Maybe precomputing the correlation terms or using a different approach to compute the integral could help speed things up, allowing for more iterations within the time budget.

But the time budget is tight. Let's think about the constraints. The code must run within 100 seconds. The previous code did 3 DE steps with 50 iterations each, then 5 refinements. Maybe increasing the number of DE iterations or using a different population size could help, but that might take more time. Alternatively, using a different optimization library, like scipy.optimize.minimize with a different method, such as COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, but with constraints.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP for refinement. Maybe using a different refinement method could help. Also, the current code has a fixed number of iterations. Perhaps a more adaptive approach, where we adjust the number of iterations based on progress, but that might complicate things.

Another idea: the problem is about minimizing the maximum of several integrals. The max over k of the correlation. Since the correlation is computed over all possible shifts k, maybe we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we have to minimize the maximum over k. However, this is a non-convex problem, making it challenging.

Alternatively, maybe we can consider the problem as a game where we want to choose h to make all the overlaps as small as possible. Perhaps using a more structured approach, such as dividing the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 0 or 1, but that might not be optimal. However, since h is a step function, maybe there's a pattern that can be followed.

Another angle: the current code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method. Maybe using a combination of different methods, like first using a global optimization to find a good region, then refining with a local method. But the previous code already does something like that with DE and SLSQP.

Alternatively, maybe using Bayesian optimization for the initial search, which can be more efficient in some cases. However, integrating that might complicate the code.

Looking at the code again, the key parts are:

1. Initial guess from initial_h_values.
2. DE with some parameters.
3. Refinement with SLSQP under constraints.

The problem might be that the DE is not exploring enough, or the refinement is not aggressive enough. Let's think about enhancing the DE parameters. For example, increasing the popsize, but that might take more time. Alternatively, using a different mutation strategy. Also, the current code uses a fixed number of DE iterations, which might not be sufficient.

Another idea: the initial_h_values might not be the best starting point. However, the user says that when available, we should use it. So, perhaps we can try modifying the initial configuration to spread out the masses more evenly, but that's not allowed since we have to use initial_h_values directly.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a different discretization. The current code uses n_points as the length of initial_h_values. But the user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The initial_h_values might have n_points=45. Wait, the previous code uses the initial_h_values, which is given. Let me check the initial_h_values. Wait, the problem says that the user might start from the current construction, which can be accessed via initial_h_values, which is a global variable. But since the code is written in a way that the run function uses the initial_h_values, but the code isn't provided here, I have to assume that initial_h_values is a predefined array with n_points samples.

Assuming that the initial_h_values has, say, 45 points (as in the previous example), perhaps we can try optimizing with that. But the user says that the code should be efficient, so perhaps using a larger n_points might not be better. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe keeping n_points around 45-100 is better.

Another thought: the evaluation of C5 is the max of the correlation. Maybe we can compute this more efficiently. The current code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the full cross-correlation. However, when we have a step function h, the integral over x of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx is equivalent to the sum over all x where h(x) is 1, and (1 - h(x+k)) is 1, but this is complicated. Alternatively, for a discrete h, the integral is approximated as dx times the sum over i of h[i]*(1 - h[i + k]) for k such that the indices are within the range. But the code already does this via the correlation.

But perhaps there's a way to vectorize this better or precompute the necessary shifts. However, for now, the code uses the existing approach.

The main idea could be to improve the optimization strategy. The previous code uses DE, which is a global optimizer, but perhaps using more sophisticated techniques. Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where DE is used for initialization, and then a local optimizer is applied with better convergence.

Another point: the constraints are that the sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. The current code uses SLSQP with equality constraints. Perhaps using a different method for the refinement step, such as using a more efficient solver, or adding more constraints.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. The DE is global. Maybe we can use a different method for the DE, such as using a larger population or different mutation strategies. Also, maybe adjusting the tolerance parameters.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several terms, perhaps we can use a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to minimize each term individually, but that may not be feasible.

Alternatively, we can try to use a different objective function, such as minimizing the maximum term directly. However, that's what the current code is doing.

Another possible improvement is to use a different initial guess. Since the initial_h_values might be suboptimal, but we have to use it, perhaps modifying it slightly. However, the code should not modify the initial_h_values. So perhaps using a slightly perturbed version of the initial guess could help, but that's part of the DE.

Another thought: the DE algorithm may get stuck in local minima. Using a different method for the global search, like genetic algorithms, might help explore the solution space better. But scipy's optimize has differential evolution, and maybe using that with different parameters is better.

Alternatively, maybe using a different strategy for the initial steps, such as using a simplex method for the initial search. But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to say.

Let's think about the parameters in the previous code:

- DE uses popsize=150, maxiter=50. That's a lot of iterations. Maybe reducing the maxiter but increasing the popsize, or vice versa, could be better. Also, the mutation parameters (0.5, 0.95) might be adjusted.

Another idea: the refinement step using SLSQP may not be sufficient. Maybe using a more aggressive refinement, like multiple refinement steps with different parameters.

Alternatively, using a different solver for the refinement. For example, using COBYLA with bounds and constraints.

But the previous code already uses SLSQP, which is suitable for this problem.

Another point: the evaluation of obj(h_vals) is done as the max of the correlation. The max over all k. However, in the code, the correlation is computed for all possible shifts, and the maximum value is taken. But when the h is a step function, the correlation has a certain structure. Maybe we can find a way to exploit this structure, but it's not clear.

Another thing to consider: the problem is similar to designing a function h that when convolved with (1 - h), the maximum value is minimized. This resembles the problem of minimizing the maximum overlap, which is related to the concept of "anti-correlation".

Perhaps the optimal h has a certain structure, such as being periodic or having a specific pattern. For example, a function that is 1 in regions where the other function is 0, and vice versa. But with the constraint on the integral, this is challenging.

Alternatively, using a construction similar to the one in the previous code, but with a different initial configuration. For example, the initial_h_values could be a more even distribution, but the user says we have to use the provided initial_h_values.

So perhaps the main way to improve is to adjust the optimization parameters and methods.

Looking back at the code, the DE call uses mutation parameters (0.5, 0.95) and recombination 0.8. Maybe adjusting these parameters could yield better results. For instance, increasing mutation rate might explore more, but might also take longer.

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a certain population size and crossover rates. However, scipy doesn't have a genetic algorithm in scipy.optimize, but there are other libraries like DEAP, but the user's code is limited to using scipy, numpy, and other specified solvers.

Alternatively, using the COBYLA method in the initial steps. But again, the previous code uses DE for global search.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum, perhaps we can try to minimize each of the correlation terms individually. But this is not straightforward since it's a max of several terms.

Wait, in optimization, sometimes you can convert the problem into minimizing the maximum with constraints. But since the max is non-convex, it's challenging.

Alternatively, we can use a relaxation approach where we treat the maximum as a single variable. However, this is not straightforward.

Let me think about the previous code's execution. The code does DE steps, then refines with SLSQP. Maybe the problem is that the DE isn't finding a good enough solution, and the refinement isn't sufficient. So perhaps using more DE steps, or a more aggressive refinement.

Another thing: the DE is called with a fixed maxiter of 50. Maybe increasing this number could give better results. However, the time budget is tight. Each DE call takes some time, and the code is limited to 100 seconds.

Alternatively, using a better initial guess. But the initial guess comes from initial_h_values. If that's a good starting point, then the previous code is already on the right track.

Another possible optimization: using a more efficient implementation of the correlation. The current code uses numpy.correlate, which may not be the fastest possible. Maybe precomputing the shifted versions of h and computing the integrals more efficiently. But for the code to be concise and efficient, that's challenging.

Alternatively, vectorizing the computation of the overlaps. For example, for each shift k, compute the integral. But with the current code, numpy.correlate is already doing that.

Alternatively, precomputing all possible shifts and keeping track of the maximum. But that's what the code does.

Another idea: the integration is over x in [0,2], and the shift k can be in the range [-2, 2]. However, when using the step function h, the actual shift k that contributes to the integral depends on the positions where h(x) is non-zero. So, perhaps focusing the optimization on the most critical shifts could help. But how to determine which shifts are important without prior knowledge?

Alternatively, the code can evaluate the integral for all possible shifts k, but perhaps the maximum is achieved for certain k values. For example, in the case of a periodic function, the maximum might be achieved for certain offsets. However, without knowing the optimal structure of h, this is speculative.

Given all this, perhaps the best approach is to tweak the optimization parameters in the current code. Let's think about what could be adjusted.

In the previous code, after DE steps, the refinement is done with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or using a different method.

Alternatively, using a different global optimizer. But scipy's differential evolution is the main one available.

Another thought: the initial code uses the same bounds for all DE iterations. Maybe using a different mutation strategy or recombination could help. For example, using the 'best' mutation strategy where the best individual is used as a target for mutation.

Alternatively, using a different solver for the refinement. For example, instead of SLSQP, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds, which is a local optimizer. However, the constraints are equality constraints, which L-BFGS-B can handle if the constraints are incorporated properly.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the current approach is the best, and the code needs to be adjusted for better performance.

Let me consider the code's current structure and think about how to improve it.

The code has two loops: first, 3 DE steps with 50 iterations each, then 5 refinement steps. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or adjusting the parameters of the SLSQP.

Another idea: after each DE step, the code refines. Maybe instead of doing 3 DE steps, do more, but this consumes more time. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, it's possible that increasing the number of DE iterations could help.

Alternatively, using a different initial population for DE. But that's handled by the DE algorithm.

Another point: the code uses a fixed seed. But the previous code uses seed=42 as default. However, the user says that when run with no arguments, the default is used. But maybe varying the seed could lead to better results, but the code is supposed to return the best solution found within the budget.

Another thought: the current code uses a relatively large number of DE steps. For example, 3 DE calls with 50 iterations each. Maybe using a larger popsize or more iterations could help, but that may not fit within the time budget. For example, increasing the maxiter to 100 might take longer.

Considering all that, perhaps the main improvements are:

1. Use more DE steps or increase iteration counts.
2. Use more aggressive refinement steps with SLSQP.
3. Adjust DE parameters like mutation and recombination rates.
4. Try different initial configurations, but we're constrained to initial_h_values.

Another possible improvement: use a different starting point. But since the user says to start from initial_h_values, the code must use that.

Another thing to consider: the initial_h_values may have a certain structure. For example, if the initial h is already a good approximation, then the refinement steps can bring it closer. So, the code is doing that.

Alternatively, if the initial_h_values is not sufficient, maybe the code could generate a different starting point. However, the user says to use initial_h_values directly.

Another possible optimization: using a different objective function that considers all the correlation terms, but I think that's already what the code does.

Another idea: since the integral is evaluated as max(np.correlate(...)), and the code uses the full mode, which gives the correlation for all shifts. But the correlation over the full range may include shifts that are outside the [0,2] interval. However, the code uses dx * the max, which is correct.

Maybe precomputing the shifts that are relevant. For example, k ranges from -2 to 2, but in the code, the numpy.correlate with mode 'full' returns the correlation for all possible shifts, including those that may be outside the range. But since the integral is over x in [0,2], the shifts k that are such that x + k is within [0,2] would be the ones that contribute. However, the code's approach of using the full correlation and then taking the maximum is correct.

So, that's not an issue.

Now, to summarize, the main idea for the improved code is to enhance the optimization process by adjusting parameters and methods.

Possible changes:

1. Increase the number of DE iterations or population size to better explore the solution space.
2. Use a more aggressive refinement with SLSQP, possibly with more iterations.
3. Adjust the DE parameters, such as mutation and recombination, to enhance exploration.
4. Consider using different optimization routines or combining them with the current approach.

Given that the previous code's result was C₅ 0.381142, the target is 0.380876. To improve upon this, the code needs to find a better solution, which could be achieved by a more thorough exploration of the solution space and careful refinement.

In the code, the DE is called in a loop three times. Each DE call has maxiter=50. Perhaps increasing the maxiter to 100 and/or increasing the number of DE iterations (e.g., 5 times instead of 3) could yield a better result. However, this may consume more time. The time budget is 100 seconds, so we need to balance between the number of iterations and the time they take.

Alternatively, reducing the number of DE steps but increasing their intensity by increasing maxiter.

Another idea: after each DE step, perform multiple refinement steps to thoroughly explore the local region. The previous code does 5 refinement steps. Perhaps doing more could help, but again, time is a constraint.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the refinement steps. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which is a simplex-based local optimizer. However, the constraints (sum h = target_sum) need to be handled. But the SLSQP method with equality constraints is already suitable.

Another possible change: using a different initial guess for the refinement. For example, not just the DE result, but other points in the search space. However, this would complicate the code.

Now, let's think about implementing these changes in code.

In the current code, the DE is called three times. Perhaps increasing the number of DE calls, say to 5, and/or increasing the maxiter per call. However, the code has a time check that breaks if the time is near the budget.

In the previous code, after 3 DE steps, it performs 5 refinement steps. Maybe increasing the DE steps to 5 and reducing the refinement steps, but this is speculative.

Alternatively, using the current DE steps and increasing the refinement steps.

But to make the code more efficient, perhaps using a different method for the initial steps. However, the user requires the code to be concise and adhere to the constraints.

Another possible improvement is to use a multi-level optimization approach: first perform a coarse search with DE, then refine with SLSQP, but this is already what the code does.

In terms of code structure, the current code uses differential evolution with certain parameters and then SLSQP. To improve, I could adjust the parameters of the DE, like:

- Popsize: Maybe decrease, since larger popsize might take longer.
- Mutation: The current mutation parameters are (0.5, 0.95), which might be okay. Maybe using a global mutation factor, or another strategy.
- Recombination: 0.8 is the default, but maybe adjusting it.

Alternatively, using the 'best' mutation strategy, which is available in scipy's differential evolution. Or using the 'exp' strategy.

Another possible adjustment is to use the 'mutation' parameter with different settings, like ['gaussian'] or ['bounded'].

But without knowing the exact implementation, it's hard to say. However, the current code uses the default settings of DE, which are probably appropriate.

In terms of the SLSQP refinement, perhaps adding more constraints or using a different tolerance.

In the previous code, the refinement is done with 'ftol' of 1e-10 and 'maxiter' 100. Perhaps increasing the maxiter or reducing the ftol could yield better results.

But the code already uses a relatively high precision.

Another thing to consider: the initial_h_values might have a certain structure, such as being a good initial guess. So, the code uses that. Maybe the initial guess is already close to the optimal, and the refinement steps can push it further.

Another possible change: using a different starting point for the initial guess. But the code must use the initial_h_values.

So, perhaps the main improvements are:

- Increase the number of DE steps and their maxiter, if time allows.
- Use more aggressive refinement steps with SLSQP.
- Adjust the DE parameters to better balance exploration and exploitation.

Additionally, the code could try multiple different starting points, such as the initial_h_values and a perturbation of it, but again, the code is constrained to use the initial_h_values.

Putting this all together, here's an idea for the improved code:

Increase the number of DE steps to, say, 5, each with maxiter=50. Then, perform more refinement steps. Also, adjust the DE parameters like the mutation and recombination rates to encourage better exploration.

But to fit within the time budget, it's important to manage the number of iterations.

Another possible optimization is to check the time more frequently and adjust the number of iterations accordingly. For example, if we have enough time left, increase the number of DE steps.

However, the code must be concise and fit within the token limit.

Another approach: using a different optimization method that is more efficient for the problem, such as using gradient-based methods with a better initialization. But the problem is non-convex, so gradient-based methods might get stuck.

Alternatively, using a combination of global and local methods, but the previous code already does that.

In conclusion, the main changes to the code would be to adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and the refinement steps, possibly increasing the number of iterations and tightening the tolerance. The code would need to be adjusted accordingly.

So, modifying the previous code, perhaps increasing the number of DE steps and refinement steps, and adjusting the DE parameters.

For example:

- Increase the number of DE iterations from 50 to 80.
- Increase the number of DE steps from 3 to 5.
- Increase the number of refinement steps from 5 to 7.
- Adjust the mutation parameters to something else, like (0.7, 0.95), or reduce the recombination rate.

But without knowing the exact impact, it's hard to say. However, experimenting with these parameters could lead to a better solution.

Now, putting this into code.

The code should be written in a way that it's concise, uses the initial_h_values, and fits within the time budget.

In terms of code structure, the previous code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. The code then performs DE steps and refinements.

An improved code might look like this:

- Use more DE steps with increased maxiter.
- Use different mutation and recombination parameters.
- Increase the refinement iterations.

But ensuring that the code doesn't exceed the time budget.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of DE steps. Maybe replace the DE steps with a single DE run with higher parameters, then refine.

Alternatively, use the DE with a higher maxiter, then refine multiple times.

Another possible improvement: use a different mutation scheme, such as the 'exponential' or 'gaussian' mutation strategy.

In scipy, the differential evolution has a 'mutation' parameter that can be set to 'best', 'gaussian', or 'exponential'. For example, using 'gaussian' might provide better exploration.

However, the previous code uses the default parameters. Modifying the mutation parameter could be beneficial.

So, in the DE call, adding the 'mutation' parameter to use a different strategy.

But the code may need to be adjusted accordingly.

In the previous code, the DE call is:

res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=50, mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)

So, adjusting the mutation parameter to 'gaussian' or 'exponential' might help.

But the DE function's mutation parameter can be set to a string. For example, using 'gaussian' would change the mutation strategy.

So, perhaps setting mutation='gaussian' or 'exponential' could improve the search.

In addition, adjusting the popsize, but larger popsize takes more time.

Another possible parameter adjustment is to increase the recombination rate, which could help in combining good solutions.

In terms of the code, these changes would be made in the DE call.

In the previous code, the DE parameters are set with mutation=(0.5, 0.95), which is the default. Changing this to a different strategy might be beneficial.

So, in the improved code, perhaps modifying the DE parameters to use a different mutation strategy and adjusting other parameters.

Putting all this together, the code could be modified to use different mutation parameters and increase the number of DE steps, etc.

Now, to write the code.

The code must be inside the run function, and it must use the initial_h_values.

The final code would include these adjustments.

So, the final code is an improved version of the previous one with adjusted DE parameters, more refinement steps, and possibly different strategies.

Another possible improvement: using the 'bounds' in the SLSQP refinement more effectively. However, the code already uses bounds.

Also, ensuring that the initial_h_values is properly copied and used as the starting guess.

The code must return the best_h, best_c5, and n_points.

In conclusion, the improved code would likely involve adjusting DE parameters and increasing refinement steps, possibly to achieve a better C5 value.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def de_step():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=80, mutation='gaussian', recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    initial_h = h.copy()
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_step()
        h_opt = refine(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(7):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```