<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral. The previous code used differential evolution followed by SLSQP refinement, but the current best is still around 0.381142, and we need to get it lower, ideally under 0.380876.

First, I need to understand the problem again. The function h is a step function on [0,2], with integral 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The earlier approach used a fixed number of points, probably 45, and optimized using differential evolution and SLSQP. But maybe there's a better way.

The current code starts from initial_h_values. If I can find a better initial guess, that might help. However, since initial_h_values is given, maybe I should use that as a starting point but explore different optimization strategies.

The main issue with the previous approach might be that differential evolution could be getting stuck in local minima. Maybe using a different optimization algorithm or combining multiple strategies could help. Also, the number of points might be too low. The problem mentions that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The initial code uses 45 points. Maybe using more points (like 100 or 200) could lead to a better solution, but the time budget is tight (100 seconds). However, the previous code uses 45 points, which is small.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method. The previous code uses differential evolution followed by SLSQP. Maybe a Bayesian optimization approach, like using scikit-optimize's BayesOpt, could be more efficient in exploring the search space. However, scikit-optimize isn't in the allowed list. The allowed libraries are scipy, numpy, and some solvers like CVXPY with various backends.

Wait, the code can use CVXPY with different solvers. But the previous code uses scipy.optimize. Maybe switching to a different approach, like convex optimization with constraints, but the problem is non-convex because of the max over k in the objective. So that's tricky. The overlap integral is maximized over k, which complicates things.

Another thought: the overlap integral can be evaluated as the correlation between h and 1 - h. The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. The maximum of these is the C5 value. So the problem reduces to finding h that minimizes the maximum of these correlations.

An alternative approach is to consider that for the optimal h, the maximum correlation should be minimized. Maybe using a greedy or iterative approach where we adjust h to reduce the maximum correlation. For example, using a simulated annealing approach or a gradient-based method with some modifications.

But the previous code used differential evolution and then refinement with SLSQP. Maybe the key is to improve the initial guess or the optimization parameters. Let's think about how to improve the initial guess. The initial_h_values is provided. Maybe we can generate a better initial guess by modifying that. For example, perturbing it or applying some transformation. However, without knowing the structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to say. But the problem says that if initial_h_values is available, we should use it directly.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a covering problem or a scheduling problem where we want to distribute the 1's in h to minimize overlaps. Maybe using a periodic or symmetric structure. For instance, if h is symmetric around 1, then the overlap might be minimized. Or, arranging the 1s in h such that they are spaced out as much as possible.

But how to translate that into code? Maybe creating a custom initial guess that's more spread out than the given initial_h_values. For example, if the initial values have clusters, maybe spreading them out could help. However, without knowing the structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to say. But since we have to use the initial_h_values, perhaps the best approach is to optimize from there.

Alternatively, the previous code used a fixed number of points (n_points) which was 45. Let's check what the problem said. The problem says that smaller sequences are preferred (less than 1k samples), so 45 is okay. But maybe using more points could give better results. For example, doubling the number of points to 90 or 100. But that may take longer, but the budget is 100 seconds. Let's consider that.

But time is a constraint. For each refinement, the time increases. Maybe using more points would require more iterations, but perhaps not. Let me think. The code's current approach for n_points=45 takes some time, but if I increase n_points, say to 100, then the number of parameters increases, which could make optimization much slower. So maybe 45 is the best for time budget.

So, perhaps instead of using differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but might be slow, perhaps a better approach is to use a local optimization with a better initial guess. But how?

Another idea: for the correlation, the maximum occurs at certain shifts. Maybe the function h needs to be designed such that for each possible shift k, the overlap is minimized. But since k is over all possible values, this is challenging.

Another approach is to model this as a problem where the objective is to minimize the maximum correlation. This is a non-convex problem. But perhaps using a relaxation approach. However, without knowing the exact structure, this is difficult.

Alternatively, the problem could be approached using a genetic algorithm. However, the current code uses differential evolution, which is a population-based approach. Maybe using a different population-based method with better parameters.

Another thought: the previous code uses 3 iterations of differential evolution with 150 population and 50 max iterations, then 5 refinements. Maybe adjusting the parameters, like increasing the population size or the number of iterations, could help.

Wait, but the time budget is 100 seconds. The code's current approach has a loop for 3 iterations of DE and then 5 refinements. Maybe the code can be optimized by using a better optimization strategy. For example, using a more efficient method for the initial optimization steps.

Alternatively, using a different solver for the constraints. The code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe using a different solver could be better. For example, using COBYLA or another method.

But the code has to be self-contained. So perhaps modifying the optimization strategy. For example, using a combination of differential evolution for global search and then local refinement with another method.

Alternatively, maybe using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) instead of differential evolution. But the code must use scipy, and PSO is available in scipy.optimize. Let me check: scipy.optimize has a differential_evolution function, but not PSO. So PSO isn't available here. So maybe stick to differential evolution and SLSQP.

Another idea: the correlation is computed over all shifts. The original code uses the full mode of np.correlate, which gives all possible shifts. But the overlap integral is a convolution, perhaps? Or maybe there's a way to approximate the max over k more efficiently. However, the code is already doing that.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed number of points, maybe using a different number of points. For example, the initial code uses 45 points. What if we try a different number of points? For example, 64 or 100. But that would require more time. However, since the problem allows up to 1k samples, but smaller is better, maybe 45 is okay. Let's proceed with that.

Perhaps the problem with the previous code is that the objective function is not being evaluated correctly. Let me check the code again. The obj function is defined as the maximum of the correlation multiplied by dx. The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the full cross-correlation. For an array h of length n_points, the full mode returns a result of length 2n_points - 1. The maximum of these is then multiplied by dx. That's correct because the correlation at shift k corresponds to the integral over the overlap, and dx is the step size.

Another thing to consider is the initial guess. The current code uses the initial_h_values, which might be a good starting point. But maybe the initial guess is not optimal. However, since we don't have access to the initial_h_values, but the code uses it, perhaps we can try to generate a better initial guess by modifying it.

Wait, the problem says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So the code can use that as the starting point. So perhaps modifying the initial guess is not possible, but the code can start from that and optimize.

Another idea: the previous code uses differential evolution with a population size of 150 and 50 iterations. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations would lead to better results, but within the time budget. However, the code is limited by time. For example, if the code uses more iterations, time could run out. So perhaps adjusting the parameters of differential evolution to find a better solution.

Alternatively, using a different optimization strategy for the initial steps. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach, such as the one in scikit-optimize, but since that's not available, perhaps not.

Another thought: maybe the code is not considering all possible shifts. But the code uses the full mode, which includes all possible shifts, so that's correct.

Another possible optimization: the code uses the same bounds for all points (0 to 1). However, for some problems, enforcing a certain structure on the h values could help. For example, requiring h to be 0 or 1 (i.e., a step function with binary values). But the problem states that h is a step function, which could be binary. However, the code allows h to take any values between 0 and 1. But perhaps the optimal solution is a binary step function. However, in that case, the current code's optimization with continuous variables might not find the optimal solution. So maybe trying a binary approach could be better, but the problem allows h to be any step function (i.e., can take any values between 0 and 1, not necessarily just 0 and 1).

But the initial code uses a continuous optimization. Perhaps that's not the best approach. However, given that the problem allows for continuous values, perhaps it's better to optimize over continuous variables.

Another idea: perhaps the code can be modified to use a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a large population but a limited number of generations. However, the code uses scipy's differential evolution, which is a stochastic optimization method.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with some clever perturbations. But the objective function is non-convex and has multiple local minima, so gradient-based methods may get stuck.

Another thought: the code uses a fixed number of points. What if we try different numbers of points? For example, using 64 points. However, since the previous code uses 45, and the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred (and 45 is small), maybe the current approach is acceptable.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to compute the correlation. For example, using FFT-based convolution for faster computation. The current code uses np.correlate, which is O(n^2) for the full mode. For large n, this could be slow. But for n=45, it's manageable. However, using FFT-based convolution could speed up the evaluation of the correlation, allowing for more evaluations during the optimization process.

But how to implement that? The convolution theorem states that the cross-correlation can be computed via FFT. So instead of using np.correlate, compute the FFT of h and 1-h, multiply them, and take the inverse FFT. Then take the maximum of the result. However, this approach would be more efficient for large n. Let me check:

The cross-correlation of h and (1-h) is the same as the convolution of h with the reversed (1-h). For the full mode, the cross-correlation is computed as the convolution of h with the reversed (1-h), and then taking the full length. However, using FFT could be faster for larger n. But for n=45, it's probably not necessary. However, if we can compute it faster, perhaps we can do more evaluations during the optimization steps.

But the code's current approach is already using the full mode. So perhaps this is not necessary for the current problem.

Another idea: the code does not consider the constraint that the integral of h is exactly 1. The cons function enforces this with an equality constraint. However, when using optimization with constraints, the solver may have trouble if the constraints are not well-behaved. Perhaps relaxing the constraint slightly and then re-enforcing it could help, but that's speculative.

Alternatively, the code could use a different solver for the constraints. The current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimization method. Maybe using the COBYLA method is better. Or maybe using the trust-constr method.

Another possible issue: the initial_h_values might have a certain structure, and the code could be modified to adjust that. For example, if the initial guess has certain peaks, maybe modifying those peaks to be lower to reduce the overlap. However, without knowing the structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to say.

Another thing to consider: the current code runs for a limited time, and after a few iterations of differential evolution and refinements. Maybe increasing the number of iterations, but that would take more time. However, the code has a time budget of 100 seconds, so the total time must be within that. The current code has a loop that runs for 3 iterations of DE and then 5 refinements. Perhaps increasing the inner loop iterations or the number of DE iterations could help. For example, increasing the number of DE iterations to 100 or more, but that depends on the time.

But I need to think about how to modify the code to improve upon the previous result.

Another approach: instead of using a fixed DE followed by SLSQP refinement, perhaps using a more local optimization approach with better initial guesses. For example, using multiple restarts with different perturbations. Or, using a combination of global and local optimization.

Alternatively, perhaps using a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the parameter space more efficiently. But again, without the necessary libraries, this might not be feasible.

Another thought: the code uses a fixed dx=2.0/n_points, which is correct. The constraint sum(h) = n_points/2 is enforced, which is correct.

What if I modify the code to use a different objective function? For example, instead of taking the maximum, maybe using a weighted approach. But that's not possible since the maximum is the key to the problem.

Alternatively, the code could try to minimize the maximum correlation by adjusting h in a way that all correlations are balanced. But how to do that algorithmically?

Another idea: perhaps the maximum correlation occurs at certain specific shifts. So modifying h to reduce those particular shifts could be more effective. For example, if the maximum occurs at k=1, then adjusting h to reduce the overlap at k=1. But since the code must minimize the maximum over all k, this requires a multi-objective approach.

But the code already does that by taking the max of all correlations. So the current approach is correct.

Another possible optimization: the code uses the same bounds and constraints for all points. However, in some cases, it might be beneficial to have different bounds for different points. However, given the problem statement, all points must be between 0 and 1.

Another idea: the code uses a very large number of parameters (45) but may be suboptimal because of the time budget. However, with 45 parameters, even a simple optimization may take time. Maybe using a more efficient optimization algorithm.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution with parameters like popsize=150, maxiter=50. Maybe increasing the popsize or the maxiter would allow it to explore the space better, but that would take more time. However, since the code has a time budget, it's important to balance the time between different steps.

Another possible change is to use a different solver for the refinement step. The current code uses SLSQP, which handles equality constraints. Maybe using the SLSQP method with a larger number of iterations or a better tolerance setting could yield better results.

Alternatively, the code could use a different algorithm for DE. For example, changing the mutation and recombination parameters. The current code uses mutation=(0.5, 0.95), which is the mutation range. Maybe adjusting these parameters could improve the exploration.

Another thing to consider is the initial population for DE. The initial population may be generated randomly, but perhaps a better initial population can be generated based on the initial_h_values. For example, generating the initial population around the initial guess, which could lead to faster convergence.

Alternatively, maybe using a warm start with the initial_h_values and then perturbing it to explore the space.

But how to implement this in code?

So, the code is already quite complex, and the previous approach didn't achieve the target. Let me think of possible changes:

1. Use a different initial guess. But since initial_h_values is provided, perhaps using it as the starting point is best.
2. Adjust the parameters of differential evolution to explore the space more thoroughly.
3. Use a larger population size for DE to improve global search.
4. Refine the solution more thoroughly with SLSQP, perhaps with more iterations.
5. Use a different optimization strategy for the refinement phase.
6. Try using a different number of points if possible, but it's hard to say if it's better.
7. Use a different algorithm for the initial optimization, like genetic algorithms.
8. Use a Bayesian optimization approach.

But considering the time constraints, let's focus on modifying the current approach.

Let's consider changing the DE parameters. For example, increasing the popsize or the maxiter, but also ensuring that the code doesn't exceed the budget. The previous code has 3 iterations of DE with 50 maxiter. Maybe increasing the maxiter to 100 would help.

Also, the refinement steps can be increased. The code currently does 5 refinements. Maybe increasing that number or adjusting the options in the SLSQP solver.

Another idea: the code uses the same constraints for all refinement steps. Maybe introducing some inequality constraints could help, but the problem only has an equality constraint.

Another possible improvement is to use a multi-objective approach where the code tries to minimize multiple correlations simultaneously. However, this is more complex and may not fit within the time budget.

Alternatively, trying to find a balance between different shifts. For example, focusing on the shifts that contribute the most to the maximum correlation.

But this is too vague.

Perhaps the most straightforward way to improve the current code is to adjust the differential evolution parameters and increase the number of refinement steps. Let's try that.

For example, increasing the number of DE iterations, using a larger population size, and refining the solution more.

Also, trying to use a different method during refinement, such as using the trust-constr method which can handle constraints better.

So, modifying the code to have more iterations of DE, more refinement steps, and using different optimization methods.

Let me outline the changes:

- Increase the DE maxiter from 50 to 100.
- Increase the DE popsize to 200.
- Increase the number of DE iterations in the loop from 3 to 5.
- Increase the number of refinement steps from 5 to 10.
- Use a more precise tolerance in the SLSQP solver.

Additionally, during refinement, using the trust-constr method instead of SLSQP, which might handle the constraints better.

Another thing to consider is the time spent in each DE iteration. For example, if DE is taking more time, then decreasing the number of iterations could help, but with the budget.

Alternatively, using a combination of DE and a local search.

But given the time, I'll proceed with modifying the code as follows:

- Increase the number of DE iterations and change parameters.
- Use more refinement steps.
- Use a different solver for refinement.

Additionally, maybe changing the initial guess by adding some noise to it to avoid getting stuck in local minima.

But since the code must use the initial_h_values directly, modifying the initial guess is not allowed. So the code must start from it.

Another thing to consider is the objective function. Maybe using a different way to compute the maximum correlation. For example, using the full correlation, then taking the maximum.

Another possible optimization is to precompute the correlation once and cache it, but the code already does that.

So, to implement these changes in code:

- Adjust the parameters of the differential_evolution function.
- Use more iterations and refine more.
- Use a different optimization method for refinement.

Let me draft the modified code.

First, the code uses 'differential_evolution' with popsize=150, maxiter=50. Let's increase maxiter to 100, and popsize to 200. Also, increase the number of DE iterations in the loop from 3 to 5.

Then, for refinement, use more steps and possibly use the trust-constr method.

Also, in the objective function, perhaps using a different way to compute the max, but that's already done.

Another possible change is to use a different recombination strategy. The current code uses 0.8, but changing that might help.

But I need to code this. Let's think about the code structure.

The previous code has a loop for 3 iterations of DE, then 5 refinements. To improve, maybe:

- Increase DE iterations to 5.
- Increase the maxiter of DE to 100.
- Increase refinement steps to 10.

Also, during refinement, use a different method like trust-constr.

So the code would look something like:

In the DE step:

    def de_step():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=200, maxiter=100, mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

Then, in the refinement:

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='trust-constr', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

But I'm not sure if 'trust-constr' is available. In scipy, the 'trust-constr' method is available with the 'SLSQP' method, but to use it, the solver must be compatible. Alternatively, using 'SLSQP' but with more iterations.

Another thing to consider is that 'trust-constr' may require a more complex setup. Also, the code must be efficient in time.

Alternatively, use 'SLSQP' but with more iterations.

So, in code, the refinement function could be adjusted to use more iterations and tighter tolerances.

Another idea: during the refinement steps, use a different method for the second refinement. For example, using COBYLA, which can handle bounds without derivatives.

But again, the code needs to be modified.

Another possible adjustment: the code uses a fixed seed, but the problem allows for a seed. However, the code uses a fixed seed, which might not be optimal. But the user might have specific requirements.

In any case, the code must be implemented within the time constraints.

Another possible optimization: the code currently uses a seed, but in the current code, the seed is fixed. To improve, maybe not using a seed, but that may not be possible since the code is called with a seed.

So, given these considerations, here's how I plan to modify the code:

- Increase the number of DE iterations and the maxiter for DE.
- Increase the refinement steps.
- Use a more precise solver for refinement.
- Adjust the mutation and recombination parameters.

So the final code would be modified accordingly. Let's proceed to write the code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def de_step():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(
            obj, bounds, 
            popsize=200, maxiter=100, 
            mutation=(0.5, 1.0), recombination=0.8, 
            tol=1e-9, 
            workers=-1
        )
        return res.x

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(
            obj, r,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
            options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        return res.x if res.success else r

    initial_h = h.copy()
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_step()
        h_opt = refine(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```