<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a genetic algorithm approach with differential evolution, but I need to think of a better strategy. Let me analyze the problem again.

The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral C₅, which is defined as the maximum of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx over all k. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h(x) is between 0 and 1. The current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, so we need to try to get lower than that, ideally approaching 0.380876 or lower.

The previous code used a population-based approach with mutation and crossover, but perhaps a more efficient method could be to combine gradient-based optimization with some evolutionary strategies. The strategy mentions a hybrid approach using BFGS and evolutionary mutation. Let me think about how to implement that.

First, I need to handle the constraints. The sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2, since dx = 2 / n_points and the integral is 1. So sum(h) = n_points / 2. Also, each h[i] is between 0 and 1. The objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation, scaled by dx.

The previous code uses a genetic algorithm with mutation and crossover, but maybe a better approach would be to use a gradient descent method with some modifications to handle constraints. However, the function to minimize is non-smooth because it's the maximum of several terms. So taking gradients might be tricky.

Alternatively, I can approximate the maximum by considering each lag k, and then use a method that minimizes the worst-case lag. But even that might not be straightforward.

Wait, the cross-correlation at lag k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For different k values, this integral can be evaluated. The maximum over these integrals is C₅. To minimize this maximum, we need to balance the h function so that all lags have similar values.

But how to approach this numerically? Maybe using a combination of local optimization and global search. The previous code tried to use BFGS, but perhaps with a better initialization. Also, the initial solution from the parent construction might be a good starting point.

Another thought: The problem resembles an optimal control problem or resource allocation where we need to distribute the "mass" of h(x) in [0,2] such that the overlap with any shifted h(x) is minimized. Maybe a piecewise constant function with certain intervals where h is 0 or 1 would be optimal, but the exact structure is unclear.

Alternatively, using a continuous optimization approach with penalties for violating constraints. For instance, the objective function could be the maximum overlap plus a penalty term for the sum of h not being exactly 1. But since the maximum is non-smooth, using subgradient methods might be challenging.

Wait, the strategy mentioned using BFGS with finite differences. Maybe I can first perform a gradient-based optimization to find a local minimum, then use mutation to explore other regions. However, the function is non-convex and has many local minima, so relying solely on gradient methods might not be effective.

Another angle: The cross-correlation can be viewed as the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). For a fixed k, this is similar to the integral of h(x) multiplied by a shifted version of (1 - h). To minimize the maximum over all k, perhaps a periodic or symmetric function would be beneficial. For example, if h(x) is symmetric around 1, then shifting by certain values might balance the overlap.

But how to translate this into a function? Maybe using a function that is 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, but arranged in a way that overlapping with shifted versions is minimized. For example, a function that is 1 in intervals of length 1/3, spaced out so that their overlaps are minimized.

But the exact design is not clear. Perhaps the code can try different initial configurations and optimize them.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code used a genetic algorithm with a population and mutation steps. Maybe we can replace the genetic algorithm with a more efficient method that combines BFGS with mutation steps when stuck in a local minimum.

So, the plan is:

1. Initialize h with the parent's initial_h_values or a random start, ensuring the sum constraint.

2. Use BFGS to perform local optimization, minimizing the maximum overlap. However, due to the non-smooth nature, the gradient approximation might not be accurate, so perhaps using a surrogate function or a different approach.

Wait, the maximum function is non-smooth, so the gradient might not be computable directly. To approximate it, we can evaluate all the cross-correlations for each lag and take the maximum. Then, for the purpose of gradient descent, we can use subgradients or approximate the gradient by considering the direction where the maximum is achieved.

Alternatively, treat the problem as a constrained optimization. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap, which can be rephrased as minimizing the maximum of several terms. This is equivalent to minimizing the Frobenius norm of a matrix where each row is a cross-correlation term, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, for each candidate h, compute the maximum overlap, then use that as the objective function. Since this is a non-smooth function, the gradient might not be straightforward, but perhaps we can use a numerical derivative.

But with BFGS, which requires gradients, this might not be feasible. Maybe instead of using BFGS, use a local optimization method that uses finite differences to approximate the gradient. However, this could be time-consuming.

Alternatively, switch to a different optimization approach, such as simulated annealing, which can handle non-convex problems. But simulating annealing is slower and may not be efficient enough within the time budget.

Another idea: Since the cross-correlation is evaluated over different lags, and we are trying to minimize the maximum, perhaps we can use a regularized optimization approach where each term (each lag) is penalized. For example, the objective function could be the sum of the cross-correlations for each lag, each scaled by a weight, but this would require knowing the weights, which is unclear.

Alternatively, we can perform a multi-objective optimization where we try to balance the cross-correlations across all lags, but again, this is not straightforward.

Let me think about the previous code. It used a population-based approach with differential evolution, which is a type of genetic algorithm. The user's current code had a population of 50 individuals, and each iteration involved mutation and crossover steps. The result was C₅ of ~0.3809.

But the user wants to find a better solution. So, perhaps the previous approach was not optimal. Let me think about how to improve it.

Maybe the initial population isn't diverse enough. Using the parent's initial_h_values is good, but if that's a local minimum, we might need to explore more. Also, the mutation step in the previous code used differential evolution with parameters F and CR, which may need tuning.

Alternatively, use a more efficient local search method. For example, start with a good initial guess (from the parent's solution), then perform a gradient-based optimization with constraints, adjusting the function to minimize the maximum overlap.

But to compute the gradient, we need to know which lag is currently the maximum. For each candidate h, the maximum is over all lags. Suppose at a certain point, the maximum is achieved at lag k. Then, the gradient of the objective function would correspond to the gradient of the cross-correlation at lag k. But since the maximum can change depending on the current h, the gradient might be non-smooth.

Alternatively, approximate the gradient by considering that the objective is the maximum of several functions, so the gradient is the gradient of whichever function is currently at the maximum. But this requires knowing which function to take the gradient of.

But in practice, for optimization, it's possible to compute the derivative of the objective with respect to h[i] by considering which lag is currently the maximum. However, this seems complex.

Another approach: Since the cross-correlation at lag k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx, which can be rewritten as ∫ h(x) - h(x)h(x +k) dx. The integral ∫ h(x) dx is fixed at 1. So the cross-correlation at lag k is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum of these cross-correlations is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx over k. So the problem becomes to maximize the minimal pairwise overlap over all lags, which might be easier to think about.

But how does this help with optimization? Maybe we can use this transformed objective.

But regardless, the main challenge is finding an efficient optimization method that can navigate the high-dimensional space of h.

Let me think about how to structure the code. Perhaps the previous approach could be improved by using a more efficient optimization method, like a hybrid of BFGS and evolutionary strategies. The code can first perform a gradient-based optimization, and whenever it gets stuck (e.g., no improvement for a certain number of steps), switch to evolutionary mutation.

Also, using the initial_h_values from the parent as a starting point might help avoid local minima. Moreover, the code can use a better mutation strategy than the previous one, like using more intelligent mutation steps or adjusting parameters.

Another idea: Since the cross-correlation is evaluated over a full range of lags, the function h must be designed to avoid large overlaps. So perhaps arranging h to have regions where it is 1, separated by regions where it is 0, such that the overlaps with shifted versions are minimized. For example, if h is 1 on intervals of length a, then shifting by certain amounts would lead to overlaps. The optimal a and arrangement might be determined.

But how to translate this into code? For small n_points, perhaps trying different patterns of 1s and 0s might be feasible. But for larger n_points, this becomes impractical.

Alternatively, using a greedy approach: start with a uniform distribution, then iteratively adjust h to reduce the maximum overlap. However, greedy methods may not find the global optimum.

Alternatively, use a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach, which can be effective for optimization with constraints. PSO maintains a population of candidate solutions and updates them based on their own best and global best positions. This might be more efficient than a genetic algorithm for certain problems.

But I need to think about the code structure. Let's outline the steps.

First, initialize h with the parent's initial_h_values (if available). If not, generate a random one. Then, for the optimization process:

1. Use a gradient-based method (like BFGS) with constraints to minimize the maximum overlap. However, since the function is non-smooth, perhaps instead of using the exact gradient, approximate it numerically.

2. When the BFGS method starts to stagnate (i.e., the improvement drops below a threshold), switch to a mutation-based approach to explore the space.

3. To handle the constraints (sum of h equals n_points/2 and each element in [0,1]), use a projection step after each update. For example, after updating h, clip the values to [0,1] and scale to meet the sum constraint.

Now, how to implement this in code. Let's think about the steps:

- The initial h is scaled to meet the sum constraint.
- For each iteration:
   - Compute the current C₅ value.
   - Compute the gradient of the objective (approximate using finite differences).
   - Update using BFGS.
   - If the improvement is below a threshold, switch to mutation steps.
   - Mutation steps: generate new candidates by perturbing the current h, clipping, scaling, and evaluating the new C₅.

But how to handle the gradient computation? Let's think. The objective function is the maximum of several cross-correlation values. For a given h, the maximum is achieved at some lag k. The gradient of the objective function with respect to h[i] would be the gradient of the cross-correlation at that lag k.

So, for each h, compute the cross-correlation for all lags, find the maximum one, then compute the gradient for that particular cross-correlation.

But computing the gradient numerically for each h is possible using finite differences. For example, the gradient can be approximated by perturbing each h[i] slightly and recomputing the objective. However, this is computationally expensive. For each parameter, you'd need to compute the objective at two points, which for n_points=70 would be expensive.

But if the number of points is small (as per the previous code's n_points=70), this might be feasible. However, for larger n_points, this could be expensive.

Alternatively, use a directional derivative approach for each h[i], but again, this might not be efficient.

Given the time constraints (1100 seconds), the code must be efficient. Hence, perhaps using a local optimization method with a small population and mutation steps is better.

Alternatively, use a more sophisticated optimization method, like Simulated Annealing, which can escape local minima by allowing worse solutions with a certain probability. However, this might be too slow.

Alternatively, use a combination of multiple local optimizers. For example, run several BFGS optimizations from different starting points and choose the best result.

But given the time budget, perhaps the code should focus on using a hybrid approach. Let me outline the code steps:

1. Initialize h using the initial_h_values or generate a random vector scaled appropriately.

2. Define the objective function to compute C₅ as the maximum of the cross-correlation.

3. Use a combination of BFGS and mutation steps:

   a. Use a local minimizer (like BFGS) to optimize h, using the gradient computed via finite differences.

   b. If the BFGS converges to a minimum and no improvement is detected for a number of iterations, switch to a mutation-based approach.

   c. In the mutation-based approach, generate several perturbations of the current h, clip, scale, and evaluate the new candidates. Select the best one and repeat.

But how to implement this in code with the given constraints.

Also, need to handle the constraints. After any update to h, clip the values to [0,1], then scale the sum to exactly n_points / 2. This ensures that the constraints are maintained.

Another thing: The cross-correlation computation can be optimized. Since the previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the full cross-correlation. But for our problem, the integral is over x in [0,2], so the cross-correlation at lag k is the integral from x=0 to x=2 -k of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) dx. The length of the array is n_points, so the lags k can be from 0 to n_points - 1. But since the function is periodic in some way, some lags may be redundant. However, for the code, it's easier to compute the full cross-correlation and then take the maximum over all lags.

In the code, the objective function is:

def objective(h):
    corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    return np.max(corr) * (2.0 / n_points)

Wait, the mode 'full' returns the cross-correlation for all possible lags, but the actual Integral is over x from 0 to 2 -k, so the indices correspond to different lags. However, the code uses the entire cross-correlation and multiplies by dx (2 / n_points) to get the integral. So that's correct.

So, the code needs to:

- Compute the cross-correlation of h with (1 - h), in full mode, then take the maximum value, multiply by dx (which is 2.0 / n_points) to get the integral.

Now, putting this all together.

Let me think of a code structure that combines BFGS with evolutionary steps.

But perhaps the previous code's approach was too slow and could be optimized. Let me think about the code from the previous answer. It used a population-based approach with mutation and crossover. The code had a population size of 50, and each iteration mutated three individuals.

To improve this, maybe using a more efficient initialization, better mutation parameters, or a different optimization algorithm.

Alternatively, use a single individual and apply optimization methods, but that might not explore the space well.

Another idea: Since the cross-correlation function is related to the autocorrelation of h(x) and (1 - h(x)), perhaps there are known properties or optimal designs for such functions. For example, if h is designed to have certain periodicity, it could minimize overlaps. However, the exact construction is not known, so this is speculative.

Given the time constraints, it's better to stick with an algorithmic approach that can be coded efficiently. So, perhaps a hybrid approach with a combination of BFGS and evolutionary steps.

Now, to write the code:

The code should:

1. Check if initial_h_values is available. If so, use it as the starting point. Otherwise, generate a random one.

2. Scale the initial h to have the correct sum.

3. Define the objective function.

4. Implement a loop that alternates between BFGS steps and mutation steps.

5. Track the best solution found so far.

But how to implement BFGS with constraints. Since the problem has constraints, perhaps the code uses a constrained optimization algorithm. However, scipy's minimize function has options for bounds and constraints. But the objective is to minimize the maximum overlap, which is a non-smooth function. Using the 'SLSQP' method with bounds and constraints may be feasible.

Wait, the constraints are:

- sum(h) = n_points / 2

- 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 for all i

So, the code can use the 'SLSQP' method in scipy.optimize.minimize, with bounds on each h[i], and an equality constraint for the sum.

However, the objective function is the maximum value across all cross-correlations, which is non-smooth and may be difficult to optimize with SLSQP. Alternatively, approximate the objective function with a smooth version, but that's not straightforward.

Another approach: since the objective function is the maximum over several terms, perhaps we can use a combination of constraints. For example, we can use a penalty function that penalizes when any of the cross-correlation values exceed a certain threshold. But this is not directly useful for optimization.

Alternatively, use a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to minimize each cross-correlation value, but again, this isn't directly possible.

Given the complexity, perhaps the code can use the previous approach but improve the mutation strategy, adjust parameters, and use a larger population. For example, increase the mutation strength or try different crossover strategies.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values and perform a local optimization using BFGS, then perturb the solution with mutation steps and evaluate.

But I need to write code that fits within the constraints of the problem.

Another idea: Since the previous code used a population-based approach with differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm, perhaps using a better mutation factor and crossover probability could help.

Looking at the previous code's parameters:

- Mutation factor F = 0.8

- Crossover probability CR = 0.95

But perhaps adjusting these parameters could lead to better results. For example, increasing F to allow more exploration, or decreasing CR to allow more diversity.

But I'm not sure. Let me think about the previous code's result. The current best is C₅ = 0.380919, which is slightly above the target. So, the code needs to find a way to further reduce it.

Another thought: The initial_h_values may not be the best starting point. Maybe generating a different initial configuration could lead to better results. For example, using a more structured initial guess, such as a periodic function with optimized parameters. However, this requires some prior knowledge or heuristic, which I may not have.

Alternatively, use a grid-based search with a few structured initial configurations, but this may not be feasible for large n_points.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code by adjusting the mutation parameters, increasing the population size, and using more efficient mutation steps.

Another possible improvement: Instead of using the full cross-correlation and taking the maximum, perhaps the maximum occurs at specific lags, and focusing optimization on those lags could lead to faster convergence. However, determining which lags are most critical is not trivial.

In conclusion, the code should:

- Start with the initial_h_values if available, scale to meet the sum constraint.

- Use a population-based approach with mutation and crossover steps, but improve the mutation strategy.

- Track the best solution found and return it.

So, adjusting the parameters and adding more mutation steps could lead to better results.

Now, let me proceed to write the code based on this reasoning. The code will use the initial_h_values as the starting point, then perform a genetic algorithm with some parameter tuning, and return the best solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import time
from scipy.optimize import minimize

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 70
    target_sum = n_points // 2
    initial_h = initial_h_values if 'initial_h_values' in globals() else np.random.rand(n_points) * 0.5
    initial_h = initial_h * (target_sum / np.sum(initial_h))
    initial_h = np.clip(initial_h, 0.0, 1.0)
    
    def objective(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        if corr.shape[0] < 2:
            return 1.0
        max_corr = np.max(corr[1:-1])  # skip edge cases for better stability
        return max_corr * (2.0 / n_points)
    
    def clip_and_scale(h):
        h = np.clip(h, 0.0, 1.0)
        h_sum = np.sum(h)
        if h_sum == 0:
            return np.zeros_like(h)
        scale = target_sum / h_sum
        return h * scale
    
    best_h = initial_h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    best_time = time.time()
    
    def mutate(h):
        perturbation = np.random.normal(0, 0.1, n_points)
        perturbation = np.clip(perturbation, -0.2, 0.2)
        new_h = h + perturbation
        new_h = clip_and_scale(new_h)
        return new_h
    
    def evolve(h):
        mutant = mutate(h)
        if objective(mutant) < objective(h):
            return mutant
        return h
    
    while time.time() - best_time < budget_s:
        for _ in range(100):
            candidate = evolve(best_h)
            if objective(candidate) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(candidate)
                best_h = candidate.copy()
                best_time = time.time()
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```