<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used a random initial guess and perturbations, then optimized with SLSQP. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, let me understand the problem again. We need a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, and minimize the maximum overlap integral over shifts k. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The challenge is to find h that makes this maximum as small as possible.

The previous code tried multiple perturbations of the initial guess and optimized each with SLSQP. However, maybe that approach is getting stuck in local minima. Perhaps a different optimization strategy or a better initial guess could help.

Let me think about possible improvements. One idea is to use a more sophisticated optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization method, like differential evolution, could escape local minima better. However, differential evolution might be slower, but with the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, maybe it's feasible.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a covering problem or a scheduling problem where we want to distribute the function h such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. Perhaps a better initial guess can be constructed. The initial guess given is initial_h_values with n=100 samples. Maybe we can generate other initial guesses with different structures, like using a periodic pattern or a more optimal distribution.

Also, the previous code used a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe varying the number of perturbations or using different perturbation strategies could help. For example, using a combination of random perturbations and structured perturbations (like flipping certain intervals).

Another thought: the overlap integral for different k's might have different behaviors. The maximum over k is what we need to minimize. Perhaps we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we try to minimize the maximum of several functions. However, this is a min-max problem, which is challenging. Maybe using a penalty method where we try to minimize the maximum by adding penalties for large values.

Alternatively, since the integral is over x, and the function is periodic (due to the shift), maybe there's a way to model this with Fourier analysis. However, I'm not sure how to apply that directly here.

Let me consider the previous code's approach. It uses SLSQP with bounds and constraints. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could help, but the previous code already had a tight ftol. Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method, like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, which handle bounds better.

Wait, the previous code had a problem where the initial guess might be a local minimum. So perhaps using multiple different initial guesses and running optimizations on them could help. The previous code tried 20 perturbations, but maybe more or different types of initial guesses would be better.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can use a bilevel optimization approach. For example, optimize h to minimize the maximum overlap, but that's a complex problem. Alternatively, approximate it by considering a few key shifts k and optimizing for those, then checking others. However, this might not capture the true maximum.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm approach, where we evolve populations of h functions, selecting those with lower C5. However, genetic algorithms can be slow and might not converge quickly within the time budget.

Another approach: since the integral is over [0,2], and the function is a step function with n points, maybe we can model the problem as a discrete optimization problem. For example, each h[i] is a value between 0 and 1, and we need to choose them such that the sum is fixed. Then, for each possible shift k (which would correspond to different positions in the array), compute the overlap and take the maximum. However, the number of possible shifts is large, so it's not feasible to check all. But perhaps we can approximate by considering shifts that correspond to certain distances between the points.

Wait, the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). Since h is a step function, this integral can be approximated by summing over intervals where h(x) and h(x + k) are constant. However, calculating this for all k might be computationally intensive. But in the previous code, they used numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the cross-correlation. The maximum of this correlation multiplied by dx gives the C5 value.

So the key is to find h that makes the maximum cross-correlation between h and 1-h as small as possible. This is similar to a problem in signal processing where you want to design a signal with low cross-correlation with another signal. Maybe techniques from that field could be applied here.

In signal processing, for example, the goal might be to design a sequence with low autocorrelation, which is similar but not the same. Here, it's cross-correlation between h and 1-h. Maybe using a set of orthogonal functions or something similar could help, but I'm not sure.

Another thought: since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So 1 - h has the same average. The cross-correlation between h and 1-h would then be related to their covariance. However, since we are dealing with integrals over shifted functions, perhaps there's a way to model this with Fourier transforms. The cross-correlation in the time domain is the convolution in the frequency domain. But I'm not sure how to apply this here.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is over all shifts k, perhaps we can model this as a problem where we want h to be as "spread out" as possible. For example, if h is a step function that is 1 on some intervals and 0 on others, then shifting it would cause overlaps where the 1s and 0s align. So maybe distributing the 1s and 0s in a way that avoids overlap when shifted.

But how to translate that into a function h? For instance, if h is a periodic function with certain properties. However, since the domain is [0,2], maybe a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

Wait, the current best is C5 ≤ 0.38092. The target is 0.380876. So even a small improvement would be good. Maybe there's a way to adjust the initial guess to get a better result.

Another idea: the previous code used a fixed n_points (100 samples). Maybe trying different n_points could help. For example, using a smaller n_points might allow for faster optimization, but with less precision. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. But the initial guess has n=100. Maybe trying with n=200 or 50 could be better? However, the time budget is tight. Let me check the previous code's parameters. The initial guess has 100 points. The code runs for 100 seconds, with 10 CPUs. So perhaps using a higher n_points could be feasible if the optimization is efficient.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might not be optimal. Perhaps generating a better initial guess by using a more optimal distribution. For example, a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced out in a way that when shifted, overlaps are minimized.

For instance, if we divide the interval [0,2] into equal parts and set h to 1 on certain intervals. For example, if we have three intervals of length 2/3, but that might not be optimal. Alternatively, using a more complex pattern.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a covering problem. The function h needs to be such that when shifted, the overlap with 1-h is minimized. So for each shift k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx should be small. This is equivalent to saying that h and 1-h should have low overlap when shifted. 

Another approach is to model this as an optimization problem with constraints. Let me think: the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals. However, since the maximum is over all k, this is a min-max problem. To handle this, one approach is to use a penalty method where we try to minimize the maximum by adding a penalty term that increases when the maximum is large. However, this is challenging because the maximum is a non-differentiable function.

Alternatively, we can approximate the maximum by considering a subset of shifts k that are likely to contribute to the maximum. For example, considering shifts that correspond to the distances between the points in the function h. But how to determine which shifts to consider?

Alternatively, since the integral is over x, and the function h is a step function, the overlap integral for a shift k can be calculated by considering the positions where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0, etc. So for each shift k, the overlap integral is the sum over intervals where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0, multiplied by the length of the interval. But calculating this for all k is computationally intensive.

But in the previous code, they used numpy.correlate, which is efficient. So maybe the key is to find a better h that results in lower maximum correlation.

Another idea: the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a different optimization method could help. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients and can sometimes escape local minima. However, Nelder-Mead might be slower.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: first run a global optimization to find a good initial guess, then refine with a local optimizer. But how to implement that within the time budget?

Another thought: the problem has symmetry. Since the domain is [0,2], maybe the optimal h is symmetric around 1. For example, h(x) = h(2 -x). This could reduce the number of variables and potentially lead to better results. However, this is an assumption that may not hold, but it's worth exploring.

Let me think about the initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might be a certain pattern. If I can generate a better initial guess, that could help. For example, if the initial guess is a function that is 1 on intervals spaced in a way that when shifted, overlaps are minimized.

Alternatively, using a more structured initial guess, such as a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged to minimize overlap. For example, if we divide [0,2] into three equal parts, and set h to 1 on two of them, but that might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 1/3, but spaced out. However, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to say.

Another approach: since the integral of h is 1, the average value is 0.5. So the function h is like a probability distribution. The overlap integral for shift k is the expected value of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) over x. To minimize the maximum over k, we need to make sure that for any shift k, the expected value is low.

This resembles a problem in probability where you want to design a distribution that has low overlap with its shifted versions. Maybe using techniques from information theory or coding theory could help, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a game: for each shift k, the overlap is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. To minimize the maximum over k, we need to balance the overlaps for all possible k.

Perhaps a better approach is to use a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization method like differential evolution (DE) could find better solutions. DE is a population-based method that explores the search space more thoroughly.

Let me consider implementing a differential evolution approach. The idea is to generate a population of candidate h functions, evaluate their C5 values, and evolve the population by selecting better candidates. This could potentially find better solutions than local optimization.

However, differential evolution might be slower, but with the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, it's possible. Also, since the problem is to minimize C5, the DE algorithm can be set up to minimize this value.

Another consideration is the number of parameters. For n_points, there are n_points variables (each h[i] between 0 and 1, with sum fixed). So for n=100, there are 99 degrees of freedom. Differential evolution could handle this, but the computational cost might be high.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: use DE to generate a good initial guess, then refine with SLSQP. This could balance exploration and exploitation.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, perhaps we can use a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to minimize each integral simultaneously. However, this is not straightforward.

Alternatively, we can use a surrogate model to approximate the C5 value and optimize based on that. But this might be complex.

Let me outline a possible strategy:

1. Use a differential evolution approach to explore the search space for h functions, aiming to minimize the maximum overlap integral (C5).

2. For each candidate h, compute the C5 value by evaluating the maximum cross-correlation.

3. Use a population of h functions, evolving them over generations to find better solutions.

4. Once a good solution is found, refine it using a local optimizer like SLSQP to get a better result.

This approach could potentially find better solutions than the previous method, which relied on perturbations of a single initial guess.

However, implementing differential evolution in Python with the given constraints might be challenging. Let's think about how to structure this.

The DE algorithm requires a population of candidate solutions. Each candidate is an array of h values. The fitness function is the C5 value, which we want to minimize. The algorithm would evolve the population by mutating and recombining individuals, then selecting the best ones.

But with the time budget, how feasible is this? For example, with 10 CPUs, perhaps we can run multiple DE runs in parallel. However, the code needs to be written in a way that can handle this within the time.

Alternatively, since the code is to be run in a single process (as per the problem statement, the run function is called once), perhaps we can implement a simplified version of DE within the run function.

Another consideration: the previous code used 20 perturbations. Maybe using a DE approach with a larger population size could explore more of the search space.

But given the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to use a more efficient local optimizer with better hyperparameters. For example, using the SLSQP method with tighter tolerances, more iterations, and better initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients and can sometimes find better minima.

Another idea: the previous code's initial guess might be suboptimal. Perhaps generating a better initial guess by using a more structured approach. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments and setting h to 1 in certain segments to minimize overlap when shifted.

For instance, if we divide [0,2] into three equal parts, and set h to 1 in two of them. But this is just a guess. Alternatively, using a more optimal distribution based on known results for similar problems.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals spaced in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. For example, if the function is 1 on intervals of length 1/3, but spaced such that shifting by 1/3 would cause minimal overlap.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to code this. However, perhaps the initial_h_values provided is a good starting point, and we can perturb it in a more intelligent way.

Another thought: the problem is similar to the problem of designing a signal with low cross-correlation with itself, which is related to the concept of a "low autocorrelation binary sequence". In such problems, sequences like the Barker codes are used, which have minimal autocorrelation. However, this is for binary sequences, and our problem is continuous. But maybe similar principles apply.

For example, if we can design a function h that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. This could be similar to a binary sequence with low cross-correlation.

But how to translate this into a continuous function? Perhaps using a step function with intervals that are spaced to avoid overlap when shifted.

For example, if we have intervals of length L, and the distance between intervals is D, then shifting by D would cause minimal overlap. However, the exact parameters would need to be determined.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's challenging. However, perhaps we can use this idea to generate an initial guess.

For example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into m equal parts, and set h to 1 in certain parts. Let's say m=3, and set h to 1 in two of the three parts. But this is just an example.

Alternatively, using a more optimal number of intervals. For example, if we have n_points = 100, then each interval is of length 2/100 = 0.02. But how to choose which intervals to set to 1?

This seems too vague. Maybe it's better to proceed with the previous approach but with some modifications.

Let me think about the previous code. It tried 20 perturbations of the initial guess and optimized each with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or using different types of perturbations could help. Also, perhaps using a better initial guess.

Another idea: instead of using random perturbations, generate initial guesses based on known optimal patterns. For example, if there's a known construction for the Erdős problem, we could use that as the initial guess. However, since the current record is C5 ≤ 0.38092, perhaps the initial_h_values is already a good starting point, and we need to improve upon it.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial_h_values is not optimal, and generating a better initial guess by using a more structured approach could help. For example, using a function that is 1 on intervals spaced in a way that when shifted, overlaps are minimized.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to code this. However, perhaps we can use a heuristic to generate such a function.

For example, divide the interval [0,2] into equal parts and set h to 1 on every other interval. This would create a pattern that when shifted by half the interval length, overlaps are minimized. But this is just an example.

Alternatively, use a function that is 1 on intervals of length 1/3, but spaced such that shifting by 1/3 would cause minimal overlap. For example, if the function is 1 on [0, 1/3], [2/3, 1], [4/3, 5/3], etc. But this is speculative.

Another approach is to use a greedy algorithm: start with an initial guess, then iteratively adjust the h values to reduce the maximum overlap. However, this could be computationally intensive.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can focus on reducing the overlap for the most problematic shifts. For example, identify the shifts k that give the highest overlap and optimize h to reduce those.

But how to identify those shifts? It would require evaluating the overlap for all k, which is what the code already does.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (1000) for each optimization. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could lead to better results. However, with the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method, which is a quasi-Newton method that handles bounds well. Or using the COBYLA method, which doesn't require gradients.

But the previous code used SLSQP, which is a good choice for constrained problems. Maybe adjusting the tolerance or the number of iterations could help.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed n_points (100 samples). Maybe trying with a different n_points could yield better results. For example, using a smaller n_points (like 50) might allow for faster optimization, but with less precision. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. But if the initial guess is with n=100, perhaps trying with n=200 could provide better results, but it would take more time.

However, given the time budget, it's better to stick with n=100. So perhaps the main improvements are in the optimization method and the initial guesses.

Another idea: the previous code uses a single initial guess and perturbs it. Maybe using multiple different initial guesses, such as ones based on different patterns (like alternating 0 and 1, or other structured patterns), could help find better solutions.

For example, generate initial guesses where h is 1 on certain intervals, and 0 on others, and see if those lead to better results.

Alternatively, use a random initial guess with a different distribution, such as a uniform distribution, or a distribution that is more spread out.

Another approach is to use a Bayesian optimization method, which can efficiently search the parameter space by learning from previous evaluations. However, implementing Bayesian optimization within the time constraints might be complex.

Considering all these possibilities, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code by using a differential evolution method to explore the search space more thoroughly, and then refine the best solution with a local optimizer.

However, implementing differential evolution in Python with the given constraints is possible. Let me outline how this could be done.

The differential evolution algorithm works by maintaining a population of candidate solutions. For each generation, new candidates are generated by mutating and recombining existing solutions. The fitness of each candidate is evaluated, and the best candidates are selected for the next generation.

In this case, the fitness function is the C5 value, which we want to minimize. The population consists of arrays of h values, each with n_points elements between 0 and 1, and sum equal to n_points / 2.

Implementing this requires defining the fitness function and the mutation/recombination steps. However, given the time constraints, it's important to make this as efficient as possible.

But given that the previous code already uses a local optimizer, perhaps combining both approaches would be better: use differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then refine it with SLSQP.

Alternatively, since the previous code already uses multiple perturbations and local optimization, maybe the main improvement is to use a more efficient local optimizer with better hyperparameters.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (20). Maybe increasing this number or using different types of perturbations could help. For example, some perturbations could be random, others could be based on certain patterns.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach where the population is evolved over generations, but again, this might be too slow.

Considering the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a more efficient optimization method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, and to increase the number of iterations or adjust the tolerance.

Alternatively, using a combination of different optimization methods for different stages of the search.

Another consideration: the previous code uses the same initial guess for all perturbations. Maybe generating initial guesses based on different patterns could help. For example, one initial guess could be a random one, another could be a periodic pattern, another could be a more structured one.

But without knowing the exact patterns, it's hard to code this. However, perhaps generating a few different initial guesses and optimizing each could help.

In conclusion, the main improvements to the previous code could be:

1. Using a more efficient optimization method, such as differential evolution, to explore the search space more thoroughly.

2. Increasing the number of initial guesses and perturbations to explore different regions of the search space.

3. Using a better initial guess, perhaps based on a structured pattern.

4. Adjusting the hyperparameters of the optimization algorithm to allow for better convergence.

Given the time constraints, implementing differential evolution might be the way to go. Let me outline how to implement this.

The steps would be:

- Generate a population of candidate h functions.

- For each candidate, evaluate the C5 value.

- Evolve the population by mutating and recombining individuals.

- Replace the worst individuals with new ones.

- Repeat until the time budget is exhausted.

However, implementing this in Python with the given constraints requires careful coding.

Alternatively, since the previous code uses SLSQP, perhaps using a different optimization method with better settings could help. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method with bounds and constraints.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (1000) for each optimization. Maybe increasing this number could lead to better results. However, with the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a more efficient implementation of the objective function. For example, precomputing the necessary values or vectorizing the calculations.

In the previous code, the objective function is defined as:

def objective(h):
    one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
    corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr)
    return max_corr * dx

This is efficient, but perhaps there are ways to optimize it further.

Another thought: the maximum of the cross-correlation is what we want to minimize. Perhaps we can use a different approach to compute this maximum, but I don't think it's necessary.

Given all these considerations, I think the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a differential evolution method, which can explore the search space more thoroughly, and then refine the best solution with a local optimizer. However, given the time constraints, it's important to implement this efficiently.

Alternatively, since the previous code already uses multiple perturbations and local optimization, perhaps the main improvement is to use a more efficient local optimizer with better settings.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (20). Maybe increasing this number to 50 or 100 could help find better solutions. However, this would increase the computation time.

In conclusion, the plan is to modify the previous code by:

- Increasing the number of initial guesses (perturbations).

- Using a more efficient optimization method, such as differential evolution or Nelder-Mead.

- Adjusting the hyperparameters of the optimization algorithm.

- Possibly using a different initial guess.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to stick with the SLSQP method but with more iterations and better initial guesses.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed initial guess. Maybe generating a better initial guess by using a more optimal distribution. For example, using a function that is 1 on intervals spaced in a way that when shifted, overlaps are minimized.

For example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into m equal parts, and set h to 1 on every other part. This would create a pattern where shifting by half the interval length would cause minimal overlap. Let's say m=4, then the intervals are 0.5 units long. Setting h to 1 on [0, 0.5], [1, 1.5], etc. This might reduce overlap when shifted by 0.5.

But how to translate this into code? For the initial guess, perhaps creating a pattern like this.

However, without knowing the exact optimal pattern, it's hard to code this. But perhaps generating such a pattern as an initial guess could help.

In summary, the plan is to:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.

2. Generate multiple initial guesses, including some based on structured patterns.

3. Optimize each with a more efficient method, possibly with more iterations.

4. Use a combination of different optimization methods to explore the search space.

Given the time constraints, I'll proceed to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, and increase the number of initial guesses.

But since implementing differential evolution might be complex, perhaps using a different approach.

Another idea: the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe using a different optimization method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients and can sometimes find better minima.

Let me try modifying the code to use the Nelder-Mead method instead of SLSQP. This might allow for better exploration of the search space.

So, the revised code would replace the SLSQP method with Nelder-Mead, and possibly increase the number of iterations.

Another consideration is the constraints. The Nelder-Mead method doesn't handle constraints directly, so we need to ensure that the constraints are satisfied. One way is to use a penalty method, where the objective function includes a penalty for violating the constraints.

But this complicates the implementation. Alternatively, since the constraints are sum(h) = target_sum, we can enforce this by scaling the perturbed guesses.

In the previous code, after perturbing, they scale the perturbed guess to meet the sum constraint. This is done by multiplying by target_sum / current_sum.

So, perhaps using the Nelder-Mead method with this scaling step could work.

But the Nelder-Mead method doesn't handle bounds directly, so we need to ensure that the h values are within [0,1]. This can be done by clipping the values after each iteration.

However, this might not be as effective as using a method that handles bounds, like SLSQP.

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, such as the L-BFGS-B method, which handles bounds and constraints.

Alternatively, use the COBYLA method, which is designed for bound-constrained problems.

In any case, the main idea is to explore different optimization methods and settings to find a better solution.

In conclusion, the final code will modify the previous approach by:

- Using a different optimization method (e.g., COBYLA or L-BFGS-B).

- Increasing the number of initial guesses and perturbations.

- Adjusting the hyperparameters of the optimization algorithm.

- Possibly using a better initial guess.

Now, I'll proceed to write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Use the provided initial guess
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    # Generate multiple diverse initial guesses
    num_perturbations = 30  # Increased number of perturbations for better exploration
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
        # Generate diverse initial guesses: some random, some perturbed
        if perturbation_idx < 5:
            # Random initial guess
            random_guess = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
            random_guess = random_guess * (target_sum / np.sum(random_guess))
            perturbed = random_guess
        else:
            # Perturb the initial guess with varying noise
            if perturbation_idx < 10:
                # Larger noise for early perturbations
                noise = np.random.uniform(-0.2, 0.2, n_points)
            else:
                # Smaller noise for later perturbations
                noise = np.random.uniform(-0.05, 0.05, n_points)
            perturbed = initial_guess + noise
            perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
            current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
            scale = target_sum / current_sum
            perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function to minimize C5
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            max_corr = np.max(corr)
            return max_corr * dx
        
        # Bounds for each h[i]
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        
        # Constraints: sum(h) == target_sum
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        # Perform optimization with tighter tolerances and more iterations
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 2000}
        )
        
        # Check if this result is better
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        # Check elapsed time
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```