<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38092, and we need to get lower than that, ideally around 0.380876. 

First, I need to understand the problem better. The task is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. 

The previous code uses a local optimization approach with multiple initial guesses, perturbing them and then using SLSQP to minimize the objective function. However, the previous result was 0.381242, which is higher than the target. So, the challenge is to find a better approach.

Looking at the lessons from earlier attempts, generating diverse initial guesses and perturbing them seems helpful. The previous code already does that, but maybe there's room for improvement. 

What's missing? Maybe the optimization method isn't sufficient. The SLSQP method might get stuck in local minima. Alternatively, perhaps the initial guesses aren't diverse enough. Also, the problem is high-dimensional (with n_points samples), so the optimization might be challenging.

Another idea is to use a different optimization approach. For example, using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing could explore the search space more thoroughly. However, given the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, maybe a more efficient method is needed.

Alternatively, perhaps we can model this as a convex optimization problem. But since the objective is non-convex (due to the max over k), it's not straightforward. However, maybe we can approximate it by considering a few key shifts k and optimizing for those. But that's speculative.

Another angle: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (15). Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or varying the perturbation strategies could help. Also, the previous code uses a fixed n_points (probably 100). Maybe trying different n_points could yield better results. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. So perhaps using a lower n_points, like 50 or 80, might be better.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given with n=100. Maybe trying a different n_points could help. For example, using n_points=80 might allow for more efficient optimization. However, the user's previous code uses n_points=100. Let me check the initial code: the initial_guess is initial_h_values, which is for n=100. So maybe the code is fixed to that. But the problem allows for any n_points, as long as it's under 1k. So perhaps trying different n_points could be beneficial.

But how to decide? Maybe the optimal n_points is around 100, but perhaps trying 80 or 120 could help. However, the user's previous code uses 100. Let me think.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed perturbation with noise. Maybe instead of adding noise, we can use more structured perturbations, like swapping values or using different patterns. For example, creating initial guesses with different structures, like alternating high and low values, or using a sinusoidal pattern.

Also, the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. The previous code computes the cross-correlation for all k and takes the maximum. However, perhaps focusing on specific shifts k that are more critical could help. For example, considering shifts that are multiples of 1/2 or other fractions. But how to determine which shifts are important?

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be approximated by considering only a few shifts. For example, if we can find a h that minimizes the maximum over a subset of shifts, that might be easier to optimize. However, this is an approximation and might not lead to the true minimum.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a greedy approach. For example, iteratively adjusting h to reduce the largest overlap. But how to implement this?

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization method like differential evolution could help escape local minima. However, differential evolution is slower, but with parallel processing (since there are 10 CPUs), maybe it's feasible.

But given the time budget, perhaps the previous approach can be improved by:

1. Increasing the number of initial guesses and varying their structures.
2. Using a different optimization method, like differential evolution or genetic algorithms.
3. Trying different n_points (maybe lower than 100 for faster computation).
4. Using more sophisticated perturbations for initial guesses.

Let me think about the initial guesses. The previous code uses the initial_h_values, a structured guess (alternating 1s and 0s), and random guesses. Maybe adding more structured initial guesses, like using a sinusoidal pattern or a more complex periodic function, could lead to better results.

Also, the perturbation step adds noise and scales. Maybe instead of adding noise, we can use more intelligent perturbations, like swapping values or adjusting certain regions of the function.

Another point: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=1000) for each optimization. Maybe reducing the maxiter and increasing the number of initial guesses could be better, as the time is limited.

Additionally, the current code evaluates the cross-correlation for all k. However, the maximum value occurs at certain shifts. Maybe focusing on those shifts during optimization could help. For example, if we can find which shifts are most problematic, we can prioritize minimizing those.

But how to determine which shifts are critical? Maybe during the initial evaluation, we can identify the shifts that contribute the most to the maximum and focus on them. However, this would require additional computation.

Alternatively, perhaps the maximum occurs at shifts that are multiples of the interval length. For example, in the interval [0,2], shifts of 1.0 or 0.5 might be critical. So, maybe the code can focus on those shifts.

But this is getting complicated. Let me think about the code structure.

The previous code's main loop is:

- Generate multiple initial guesses (original, structured, random)
- For each guess, perturb it with noise, scale to meet the sum constraint
- Optimize using SLSQP to minimize the maximum cross-correlation
- Track the best result

To improve this, perhaps:

- Use a different optimization method. For example, using the differential evolution method in scipy.optimize, which is better at global optimization. However, differential evolution might be slower, but with parallel processing, maybe it's manageable.

- Use more diverse initial guesses. For example, besides the structured guess, include other patterns like sinusoidal, or binary patterns with different periods.

- Try different n_points. For example, using n_points=80 instead of 100. Let's calculate: for n_points=80, dx=2/80=0.025. The sum of h must be 80/2=40. Maybe this allows for more precise adjustments.

But how to decide? Let's think about the time. If the code uses n_points=80, each optimization step might be faster, allowing more iterations. However, the previous code uses n_points=100. Maybe trying n_points=80 could be better.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is a periodic function. For example, a function that repeats every certain interval, which could help in balancing the overlaps. The initial guess might be a binary sequence with alternating 1s and 0s, but maybe a more complex pattern is needed.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged to minimize overlaps. For example, if the function is 1 on intervals of length 1/3, spaced appropriately.

But how to model this? Maybe using a piecewise constant function with certain parameters.

Another approach: since the problem is similar to designing a signal with minimal autocorrelation, perhaps techniques from signal processing could be applied. For example, using a Barker code or similar sequences. However, Barker codes are for binary sequences with minimal autocorrelation, but the problem here is different because it's about cross-correlation with 1-h.

Alternatively, considering that the integral over h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx is the same as the integral of h(x) - h(x)h(x+k) dx. Since the integral of h is 1, the first term is 1, and the second term is the integral of h(x)h(x+k) dx. So the overlap integral is 1 - integral h(x)h(x+k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x+k) dx. 

But I'm not sure if this helps directly. However, it's an interesting observation. So the problem becomes finding h that maximizes the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x+k) dx over k. But again, not sure how to use this.

Back to the code. Let's think about the previous code's shortcomings. The main issue is that it's using a local optimizer (SLSQP) which might not find the global minimum. So perhaps switching to a global optimization method would help. 

Scipy's differential evolution (DE) is a global optimizer. Let's consider using that. However, DE has parameters like population size and generations. Also, the objective function needs to be minimized. 

But how to structure this. For each initial guess, we could run DE. However, DE might be slower than SLSQP. But given that the code has a time budget of 100 seconds, and with 10 CPUs, perhaps parallelizing the optimization steps could help.

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of methods: using DE for initial exploration and then SLSQP for refinement.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions (the cross-correlations for different k), perhaps we can use a multi-objective optimization approach, but that's more complex.

Alternatively, for each candidate h, compute all cross-correlations and take the maximum. The previous code does this. 

Another possible improvement: precompute the shifts that are most critical. For example, in the interval [0,2], the shifts k that are in [0, 2], but since the function is periodic? Or not. The cross-correlation for k beyond 2 would be zero, but the code uses mode='full', which includes all possible shifts. However, the maximum might occur at certain k values. 

But how to determine which k's are important. Maybe for the given h, the maximum occurs at certain k's. For example, in the initial guess, maybe the maximum occurs at k=1.0. So, perhaps focusing on optimizing for those k's could help.

But again, this requires knowing which k's are important, which depends on the h.

Another thought: the problem is similar to the design of a function with minimal maximum overlap, which is related to the concept of "anti-correlation". So, perhaps using a function that is as spread out as possible. For example, a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart, so that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

For example, if the function is 1 on intervals of length 1/3, spaced such that their shifts don't overlap much. But how to model this.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 1/2, but shifted in a way that their overlaps are minimized. However, this is vague.

Another approach: since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So, the function is a density function. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. To minimize the maximum of this over k, we need h to be such that for any shift k, the overlap is as small as possible.

This seems like a problem that could be approached with a variational method, but that's likely too abstract for practical implementation.

Back to the code. Let's think about how to modify the previous code. 

First, the initial guesses. The previous code uses the initial_h_values, a structured guess (alternating 1s and 0s), and random guesses. Maybe adding more structured guesses, such as a sinusoidal pattern or a more complex periodic function, could help. For example, a function that is 1 at certain points and 0 elsewhere, arranged periodically.

Second, the optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP. Maybe switching to differential evolution (DE) could help find better solutions. DE is better at exploring the search space and avoiding local minima. However, DE is slower per iteration, but with parallel processing, perhaps it's feasible.

Third, the number of initial guesses. The previous code uses 15, but maybe increasing this number could help. However, with time constraints, it's a trade-off.

Fourth, the perturbation step. The previous code adds noise and scales. Maybe instead of adding noise, we can use more structured perturbations. For example, swapping values between different regions of the function.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several cross-correlations, perhaps the optimal h is such that all cross-correlations are equal. This would be a balanced solution. So, maybe the code can try to find h that equalizes the cross-correlations for different k. However, this is a heuristic and might not be achievable.

Alternatively, the code can try to minimize the maximum by focusing on the largest cross-correlation during optimization. For example, during the optimization steps, the code could prioritize reducing the largest cross-correlation.

But how to implement this. The previous code computes all cross-correlations and takes the maximum. Maybe during optimization, the code could use a different objective function that focuses on the largest cross-correlation. However, this is what the current code does.

Another thought: the current code uses the same objective function for all optimizations. Maybe using a different objective function, such as the sum of cross-correlations, but this would not directly minimize the maximum. However, it's unclear.

Let me think about the code structure again. The main loop generates initial guesses, perturbs them, and then runs an optimization. The key is to find better initial guesses and a better optimization method.

So, here's a plan:

1. Use a different optimization method, like differential evolution (DE), which is better at global optimization.
2. Generate more diverse initial guesses, including structured patterns beyond the current ones.
3. Try different n_points, possibly lower than 100 for faster computation.
4. Use more sophisticated perturbations for initial guesses.

Let's outline the steps in code.

First, for the optimization method, replace SLSQP with differential evolution. However, DE requires the bounds and the objective function. Also, DE can be parallelized, but the code needs to handle that.

But the previous code uses a single-threaded approach. However, with 10 CPUs, perhaps using parallel processing could help. However, the code is written in a way that each initial guess is processed independently, so maybe the code can be modified to run multiple optimizations in parallel. However, the current code is written in a single-threaded manner. 

Alternatively, the code can use the DE method for each initial guess. Let's think about how to implement DE.

The differential evolution method in scipy.optimize.differential_evolution requires the objective function, bounds, and other parameters. The constraints (sum(h) = target_sum) can be handled by adding a constraint to the optimization problem. However, DE is designed for unconstrained optimization. So, to handle the constraint, we can use a penalty method or include it as a constraint. However, this complicates the optimization.

Alternatively, since the sum of h must be fixed, we can parameterize h in a way that automatically satisfies the constraint. For example, using a softmax function or other normalization. However, this might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, during the DE optimization, we can enforce the constraint by adjusting the parameters. For example, after each mutation and crossover, we can normalize the h to meet the sum constraint. This is a common approach in constrained optimization with DE.

So, the plan is:

- For each initial guess, perform DE optimization with the constraint that the sum of h is fixed. This can be done by normalizing the h after each mutation step.

But how to implement this. Let's think.

The DE algorithm works by generating new candidate solutions through mutation, crossover, and selection. To enforce the sum constraint, after generating a new candidate solution, we can normalize it so that the sum equals the target_sum. This way, the constraint is maintained throughout the optimization.

So, modifying the objective function to include this normalization step.

However, this might affect the optimization process, but it's a way to handle the constraint.

So, in code:

def objective(h):
    # Normalize h to have sum(target_sum)
    h_normalized = h * (target_sum / np.sum(h))
    # Compute the cross-correlation
    one_minus_h = 1.0 - h_normalized
    corr = np.correlate(h_normalized, one_minus_h, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr)
    return max_corr * dx

But wait, this would normalize h during the objective function evaluation. However, in DE, the candidate solutions are generated and evaluated. So, during the optimization, the h passed to the objective function must be normalized. However, this approach might not be compatible with the DE algorithm's mutation and crossover steps, which could generate h values that don't satisfy the sum constraint. Therefore, it's better to normalize the candidate solutions after mutation and crossover.

But how to integrate this into the DE optimization. This requires a custom DE implementation, which is complex. Alternatively, use a constrained optimization approach with DE, but this is non-trivial.

Alternatively, use the SLSQP method with constraints, but with a better initial guess.

Another idea: since the sum constraint is linear, it's easier to handle with SLSQP. So, maybe the previous approach is better, but with more diverse initial guesses and better perturbations.

So, going back to the original code, perhaps the main issue is the initial guesses. The previous code uses random guesses, but maybe generating more structured guesses could help. For example, using a sinusoidal function or other patterns.

For example, a sinusoidal function could be h(x) = 0.5 + 0.5 * sin(πx), but this would have a sum over [0,2] of 1. However, this is a continuous function, and the code uses step functions. But maybe approximating such a function with a step function could help.

Alternatively, using a binary sequence with a certain pattern. For example, a sequence that alternates between high and low values in a way that minimizes overlaps.

Another structured guess could be a sequence that is 1 for a certain fraction of the interval and 0 otherwise, arranged periodically. For example, if the function is 1 on intervals of length 1/3, spaced appropriately.

But how to generate such a sequence. For example, for n_points=100, dividing the interval [0,2] into 3 equal parts, and setting h to 1 in one part, 0 in another, and 1 in the third. But this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern, like a binary sequence with a certain period. For example, a sequence that repeats every 4 points, with a certain pattern.

But generating such structured guesses requires more thought. 

In the previous code, the structured guess is alternating 1s and 0s. Maybe adding a guess that is a binary sequence with a longer period, like 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, etc., which could spread out the 1s more.

Another idea: using a binary sequence that is 1 for a certain number of points, then 0 for a certain number, repeating. For example, for n_points=100, if we have 33 ones followed by 67 zeros, but this would not satisfy the sum constraint. Wait, the sum must be 50 for n_points=100. So, for example, 50 ones and 50 zeros, arranged in a way that minimizes overlaps.

But arranging them in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, spreading the ones as evenly as possible. This is similar to a binary sequence with minimal autocorrelation.

This brings me back to the idea of using a Barker code or similar sequences. However, Barker codes are for binary sequences with minimal autocorrelation, but the problem here is different. However, the principle of spreading out the 1s could be useful.

For example, a binary sequence where the 1s are spaced as evenly as possible. For n_points=100, this would be a sequence where each 1 is separated by roughly 2 points (since 100/50=2). So, placing a 1 every other point. This is the same as the structured guess in the previous code. 

But perhaps a more optimal arrangement exists. For example, using a more complex pattern that spreads the 1s more evenly. However, generating such a pattern requires more sophisticated methods.

Another structured guess could be a sequence that is 1 for a certain number of points, then 0 for a certain number, repeating. For example, a sequence that is 1 for 1 point, 0 for 1 point, etc., which is the same as the previous structured guess.

Alternatively, a sequence with 1s and 0s arranged in a way that the 1s are as spread out as possible. For example, using a greedy algorithm to place the 1s to minimize overlaps. However, this is computationally intensive.

Given the time constraints, perhaps generating a few more structured guesses could help. For example, a sequence that is 1 for 2 points, 0 for 2 points, etc., which would spread the 1s more than the alternating pattern.

So, modifying the initial guesses to include such patterns.

Another idea: using a random initial guess but with a different distribution. For example, instead of uniform random, use a distribution that favors certain patterns.

But this is getting too vague. Let's think about the code structure again.

The previous code generates initial guesses as:

- The initial_h_values
- A structured guess with alternating 1s and 0s
- Random guesses generated by taking random numbers, normalizing, and scaling to the target sum.

Maybe generating more structured guesses, such as:

- A guess with 1s placed at regular intervals, but with varying spacing.
- A guess that is a binary sequence with a certain period, like 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, etc.
- A guess that is a binary sequence with a more complex pattern, like 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, ... (which is the same as the structured guess).

Alternatively, using a guess that is a binary sequence with 1s placed at positions that are multiples of a certain value. For example, placing 1s at positions 0, 0.5, 1.0, etc., but discretized.

But how to generate this for n_points=100. For example, placing a 1 every 2 points (i.e., every other point), which is the same as the structured guess.

Another structured guess could be placing 1s at positions that are spaced by 1.5 intervals. For example, for n_points=100, this would mean placing a 1 every 1.5 units, which would require some rounding.

But this is getting too specific. Perhaps the main improvement is to use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and generate more diverse initial guesses.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution instead of SLSQP. Let's outline this.

First, for each initial guess, perform DE optimization. The DE optimization would need to handle the sum constraint. To do this, during the mutation and crossover steps, we can normalize the candidate solutions to ensure the sum is correct.

However, implementing this requires a custom DE approach, which is complex. Alternatively, use the SLSQP method with constraints, but with better initial guesses.

Alternatively, use the SLSQP method but with more diverse initial guesses and better perturbations.

Another idea: instead of adding noise to the initial guess, use a more structured perturbation. For example, for each initial guess, create variations by swapping certain values or adjusting specific regions.

But how to implement this. For example, for the structured guess, create a perturbed version by flipping some 1s to 0s and vice versa, ensuring the sum remains the same.

However, this is time-consuming to implement.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code by using a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and generate more diverse initial guesses.

Let me try to outline the code changes:

1. Replace the SLSQP optimization with differential evolution.
2. Generate more structured initial guesses, such as a binary sequence with a different pattern.
3. Use a different perturbation method for initial guesses.

But how to implement differential evolution with the sum constraint. Here's an approach:

- The objective function is the maximum cross-correlation, as before.
- The bounds for each h[i] are [0, 1].
- The constraint is that the sum of h is equal to target_sum.
- During the DE optimization, after generating a candidate solution, normalize it to meet the sum constraint.

But how to integrate this into the DE algorithm. One way is to use the 'bounds' parameter in DE and include the sum constraint as a penalty in the objective function. However, this might not be effective.

Alternatively, during the DE steps, after mutation and crossover, normalize the candidate solution to meet the sum constraint. This way, the constraint is always satisfied.

But this requires modifying the DE algorithm's steps. Since scipy's differential_evolution doesn't allow for custom mutation/crossover steps, this might be difficult.

Alternatively, use the SLSQP method with a better initial guess and more iterations.

Another idea: since the previous code's best result was 0.381242, which is slightly above the target of 0.380876, perhaps the code can be modified to use a more efficient optimization method and better initial guesses.

Let me think about the code again. The previous code uses 15 initial guesses, including the initial_h_values, a structured guess, and 13 random guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses to 20 or 30 could help, but with time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Another possible improvement: using a different initial guess based on the current best solution. For example, if the initial_h_values are not optimal, perhaps using a better initial guess derived from the current best.

But without knowing the current best, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initial guess, such as one that is designed to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, using a function that is 1 on intervals spaced apart by a certain distance.

But without knowing the optimal spacing, this is speculative.

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and generate more diverse initial guesses. Let's proceed with that.

So, the revised code would:

- Use differential evolution for optimization.
- Generate more structured initial guesses.
- Use a different perturbation method for initial guesses.

But implementing differential evolution with the sum constraint is challenging. Let's try to use the SLSQP method with more diverse initial guesses.

Another idea: instead of adding noise, generate initial guesses by varying the positions of the 1s in the structured guess. For example, for the structured guess, create variations by shifting the pattern or changing the spacing.

But again, this is complex.

Alternatively, for the random initial guesses, instead of using uniform random, use a different distribution. For example, using a distribution that favors certain patterns.

But without knowing what patterns are better, it's hard to say.

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and see if it improves the result.

However, implementing differential evolution with the sum constraint is non-trivial. Let's try to use the SLSQP method with more initial guesses and better perturbations.

Another idea: instead of adding noise, use a more structured perturbation, like swapping values between different regions of the function. For example, for each initial guess, create a perturbed version by swapping some 1s with 0s and vice versa, ensuring the sum remains the same.

But this requires more code.

Alternatively, for the random initial guesses, generate them by sampling from a distribution that is more likely to produce good initial guesses. For example, using a distribution that has a higher probability of placing 1s in positions that are spaced apart.

But again, without knowing the optimal spacing, this is speculative.

In conclusion, the main improvements to the previous code would be:

1. Using a different optimization method (like differential evolution) to explore the search space more thoroughly.
2. Generating more diverse initial guesses, including structured patterns beyond the current ones.
3. Using more sophisticated perturbations for initial guesses.

Given the time constraints, I'll proceed to modify the previous code to use differential evolution and generate more structured initial guesses. However, due to the complexity of integrating DE with the sum constraint, I'll stick with SLSQP but improve the initial guesses and perturbations.

So, the revised code will:

- Generate more structured initial guesses, such as a binary sequence with a different pattern.
- Use a different perturbation method, like swapping values or adjusting specific regions.
- Increase the number of initial guesses to explore more of the search space.

Here's the plan for the code:

- Generate initial guesses including the initial_h_values, a structured guess with alternating 1s and 0s, a structured guess with a different pattern (e.g., 1s every third point), and random guesses.
- For each initial guess, perturb it by swapping some values or adjusting them in a structured way.
- Use SLSQP for optimization with more iterations and tighter tolerances.

This should increase the chances of finding a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Use the provided initial guess
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    # Generate multiple initial guesses: original, structured, and random
    num_initial_guesses = 20  # Increased number of initial guesses
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess.copy()]
    
    # Generate structured guess: evenly spaced binary sequence
    structured_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
    for i in range(n_points):
        if i % 3 == 0:  # For n_points=100, this gives ~33 ones
            structured_guess[i] = 1.0
    initial_guesses.append(structured_guess.copy())
    
    # Generate structured guess: alternating pattern with longer period
    structured_guess2 = np.zeros(n_points)
    for i in range(n_points):
        if i % 4 == 0 or i % 4 == 1:
            structured_guess2[i] = 1.0
    initial_guesses.append(structured_guess2.copy())
    
    # Generate random initial guesses
    for _ in range(num_initial_guesses - 2):  # Subtract the two already added
        # Generate random initial guess with sum constraint
        random_guess = np.random.rand(n_points)
        random_guess /= np.sum(random_guess)
        random_guess *= target_sum
        initial_guesses.append(random_guess)
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    start_time = time.time()
    
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Perturb the guess with small noise and scale to maintain the sum constraint
        noise = np.random.normal(0, 0.05, n_points)
        perturbed = guess + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function to minimize C5
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            max_corr = np.max(corr)
            return max_corr * dx
        
        # Bounds for each h[i]
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        
        # Constraints: sum(h) == target_sum
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        # Perform optimization
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 1500}  # Increased maxiter for better convergence
        )
        
        # Check if this result is better
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        # Check elapsed time
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```