<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used a SLSQP optimizer with initial guesses based on an existing solution, but maybe there's a better approach.

First, let me understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by any k. The overlap integral is calculated as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx, and we need to find the maximum of these over all k. The smaller this maximum, the better.

The previous approach used multiple initial guesses with noise and then optimized each with SLSQP. But maybe this is getting stuck in local minima. Also, the number of points (n_points) was 150. Maybe using a different number of points could help? Or perhaps a different optimization method?

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem or a scheduling problem where we want to minimize the maximum overlap. Maybe using a genetic algorithm or a different optimization strategy could help escape local optima. However, given the time constraints, maybe a better approach is to use a more efficient optimization method or adjust the parameters.

Wait, the previous code used SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization method like differential evolution could find better solutions, even if it's slower. But with the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, perhaps parallelizing the optimization steps would help.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess can be improved. The initial_h_values are from a previous solution. Maybe there's a way to generate better initial guesses by considering symmetry or other properties of the optimal function.

Another idea: the overlap integral for different shifts k can be considered as a convolution. The maximum over all k of the convolution of h and (1 - h). So maybe there's a way to model this as a convolution problem and use Fourier analysis? But since we're dealing with step functions and discrete samples, it's not straightforward.

Alternatively, maybe using a more sophisticated optimization approach with constraints. The previous code used equality constraints for the integral, but maybe adding inequality constraints on the overlap integrals could help? However, that would complicate the problem.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. So, the objective function is the maximum of several integrals. But in the previous code, the objective function is the maximum of the correlation, which is equivalent to the maximum overlap integral. However, when using optimization, the maximum is a non-smooth function, which might make the optimization difficult. Maybe using a different formulation where we minimize the maximum by introducing a variable that upper bounds all the integrals and then minimizing that variable.

Yes, that's a common technique in optimization. Let me think: we can introduce a variable t, and then minimize t subject to the constraints that for all k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx ≤ t. However, since k can be any real number, this is an infinite number of constraints, which is impossible to handle directly. But since we're working with a discretized version, maybe we can approximate by considering a finite set of shifts k. For example, in the discretized case, the shifts would be multiples of dx, but perhaps considering shifts up to a certain maximum.

But how to handle this in the optimization? Maybe for the discretized problem, we can evaluate the overlap integral for a set of shifts and then ensure that all of them are ≤ t. However, the number of shifts would be large, which could make the problem computationally expensive.

Alternatively, since the previous code uses the maximum of the correlation, which is equivalent to the maximum overlap integral for the discrete shifts, maybe the problem is already approximating the continuous case by considering the discrete shifts. So, perhaps the previous approach is correct, but the optimization could be improved.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=150). Maybe increasing n_points could lead to better results, but with the time budget, it's a trade-off. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. So maybe keeping n_points around 150 is better.

Wait, the current code uses n_points=150. Let me check the previous result: the best C5 was 0.381185. The target is 0.380876. So there's a gap of about 0.0003. How can I narrow that?

Perhaps the previous approach is not exploring enough different initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different structures could help. For example, instead of adding random noise, maybe using different patterns, like alternating high and low values, or using a more structured initial guess based on known optimal solutions.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. The SLSQP method might get stuck in local minima. Maybe using a different solver like COBYLA or a global optimizer like differential evolution, but with the constraints.

Wait, the code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe switching to a different method, like 'L-BFGS-B' with bounds, but that's a local optimizer as well. Alternatively, using a global optimization approach with multiple restarts.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a Chebyshev approximation problem, where we want to minimize the maximum deviation. Maybe using a method that alternates between optimizing for different shifts, similar to the Remez algorithm.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the maximum overlap. For example, precomputing all possible shifts and then using a penalty method in the optimization.

Wait, the current code computes the correlation and takes the maximum. But the correlation for mode 'full' gives all possible shifts. However, in the continuous case, the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts. For the discrete case, maybe considering shifts up to a certain point (like up to the length of the array) is sufficient.

But how to model this in the optimization? The problem is that the maximum is a non-differentiable function, making it hard for gradient-based methods. So perhaps using a different approach, like a genetic algorithm, could be more effective. However, genetic algorithms are computationally intensive and may not fit within the time budget.

Alternatively, maybe using a surrogate model or Bayesian optimization to guide the search. But again, this might be complex to implement within the time constraints.

Another angle: the initial guess is based on the previous solution. Maybe there's a way to perturb that solution more effectively. For example, instead of adding Gaussian noise, maybe using a more structured perturbation, like swapping certain segments of the function or adjusting specific regions where overlaps are high.

Alternatively, maybe using a multi-objective optimization approach where we try to balance the overlaps across different shifts, rather than just minimizing the maximum. But this is vague.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. It uses 20 initial guesses with noise. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help, but that would take more time. Alternatively, using a different initial guess construction.

Wait, the initial_h_values are provided. Maybe the initial guess could be improved by applying some transformation. For example, if the initial solution has certain regions where the overlap is high, maybe adjusting those regions could reduce the maximum.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that is as "spread out" as possible, so that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much with itself. This resembles the concept of a "spread out" function in signal processing. Maybe using a function that is periodic or has certain symmetry properties could help.

Alternatively, considering that the integral of h is 1, the function h is like a probability density function. The overlap integral is similar to the probability that a random x is in h and x + k is not in h. So, minimizing the maximum over k of this probability.

In the continuous case, the optimal function is known to be related to a certain kind of function that minimizes the maximum overlap. However, for the discrete case, we need to approximate it.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a greedy algorithm. For example, iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap. However, this is vague and may not be easy to implement.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Let's think about the case when k is small. For small shifts, the overlap is higher, so perhaps the function should be designed to have low overlap for small shifts. For larger shifts, the overlap might be lower, but we need to ensure that all shifts are considered.

Maybe the optimal function has a structure that avoids overlaps for both small and large shifts. For example, a function that is piecewise constant with certain intervals where it is 1 or 0, arranged in a way that shifting it doesn't cause too much overlap.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem?

Perhaps the previous approach is on the right track, but the optimization could be improved. Let me think about the code again. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or using different initializations could help. Also, adjusting the optimization parameters, like the tolerance or the maximum iterations.

Another idea: instead of using the maximum of the correlation as the objective, perhaps using a different formulation. For example, the maximum overlap integral can be approximated by considering the maximum over a subset of shifts. However, this might not capture the true maximum.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem. However, since the maximum is involved, it's non-convex. But if we can find a way to approximate it with convex constraints, that might help.

Wait, another thought: the overlap integral for shift k can be written as the integral of h(x) - h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) is 1, this becomes 1 - integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, the maximum overlap integral is max_k [1 - integral h(x)h(x + k) dx]. Therefore, minimizing this maximum is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of integral h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. So perhaps the problem can be rephrased as maximizing the minimum of the cross-correlation.

But again, this doesn't directly help with the optimization.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different objective function that encourages the cross-correlation to be as low as possible. For example, using a penalty term that penalizes high cross-correlations.

But I'm not sure. Let me think again about the previous code. The main issue might be that the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. To address this, perhaps using a different optimization method, like differential evolution, which is a global optimizer. However, differential evolution may be slower, but with parallelization, it could be feasible.

Let me check the available solvers. The user mentioned using scipy, numpy, and various solvers like CVXOPT, Gurobi, etc. However, the previous code uses SLSQP. Maybe switching to a different solver, like 'SLSQP' with tighter tolerances, or using a different method.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate solutions. However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch might be time-consuming, but perhaps using the scipy.optimize.differential_evolution function.

Wait, scipy has differential evolution in optimize. Let me think. The differential evolution method is a global optimization technique that could potentially find better solutions. However, the problem is that the objective function is non-smooth, which might make it challenging. But maybe with a sufficient number of iterations, it could find a better solution.

Another consideration: the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 150. Maybe trying with a different number of points, like 200 or 100, could yield better results. However, the user prefers smaller sequences for speed. Let me check the previous code's n_points=150. Maybe reducing n_points to 100 would allow more iterations within the time budget.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: start with a coarse grid and then refine it. But again, this is getting complex.

Another idea: the previous code uses the same initial guess for all optimizations, but with noise added. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses, such as using different patterns or structures, could help. For example, generating initial guesses with different numbers of intervals, or using a more structured approach like a sine wave or other periodic functions.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as a base and then applying transformations, like shifting or scaling, to generate new initial guesses.

But how to implement this? Maybe generating multiple initial guesses by varying parameters of the initial solution.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal function might have certain symmetry properties, such as being symmetric around 1.0. So, enforcing symmetry in the initial guess could help.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code generates initial guesses by adding noise to the initial_h_values. Maybe instead of adding noise, generating initial guesses with different patterns could lead to better results. For example, creating initial guesses with more uniform distribution or with specific patterns that are known to have low overlap.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess construction. For example, dividing the interval [0, 2] into equal parts and setting h(x) to 1 in certain intervals to spread out the function.

But without knowing the exact structure of the optimal solution, this is speculative.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal function has a certain number of "blocks" where it is 1 or 0. For example, if the function is piecewise constant with several intervals, then the overlap for shifts would depend on how these intervals align.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values are a step function with 150 points. Maybe the optimal function has a specific number of intervals, and the code could be adjusted to generate initial guesses with that structure.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, this is challenging.

Let me think about the time budget. The previous code runs for 100 seconds. The current approach uses multiple initial guesses and runs SLSQP for each. If I can find a way to run more efficient optimizations, or use a different method that converges faster, that could help.

Another idea: using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds, which is a local optimizer but might converge faster. However, it's still a local optimizer, so it might get stuck in local minima.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: first, run a global optimizer to find a good initial guess, then refine it with a local optimizer. But implementing this would require more code.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to guide the search for the best initial guess. However, this is more complex and might not fit within the time budget.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and see if that yields better results.

Let me outline the steps:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generate multiple initial guesses by adding noise, but perhaps with different noise patterns.
3. Use a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, to minimize the objective function.
4. Adjust the parameters of the optimization to allow more iterations or better convergence.

However, scipy's differential evolution might not handle the constraints as easily as SLSQP. The constraints here are the integral of h must be 1. So, the differential evolution would need to handle that constraint.

Alternatively, perhaps reformulating the problem to include the constraint in the objective function via a penalty term. But this could be tricky.

Another idea: since the integral constraint is linear, perhaps using a method that can handle constraints, like the 'SLSQP' method, but with more aggressive parameter tuning.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess construction. For example, instead of adding noise, generating initial guesses that are more spread out.

Let me think about the previous code's initial guess. It starts with initial_h_values, which is a step function. Adding noise to it might perturb it in ways that could lead to better solutions. However, maybe generating initial guesses that are more structured could help. For example, creating initial guesses where the function is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged to minimize overlap.

But without knowing the optimal structure, this is guesswork.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (20). Maybe increasing this number could lead to better exploration of the solution space, but this would take more time. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps it's feasible.

Alternatively, using a different number of points. For example, trying with n_points=200, which might allow for a more precise solution, but with the trade-off of longer computation time.

But given that the user prefers smaller sequences, maybe sticking to n_points=150 is better.

Another angle: the previous code's objective function is the maximum of the correlation. However, the correlation for mode 'full' gives all possible shifts. But in reality, the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts, possibly related to the length of the function. For example, the maximum overlap might occur when k is such that the shifted function overlaps with the original in a significant way.

But how to model this? Maybe focusing on specific shifts that are likely to be problematic. For example, shifts of dx, 2dx, etc. But this would require modifying the objective function to consider only those shifts, which might not capture the true maximum.

Alternatively, perhaps the maximum overlap occurs for shifts that are multiples of the function's period. But again, without knowing the structure, this is speculative.

In conclusion, the main issues with the previous approach are:

1. It uses a local optimizer (SLSQP) which might get stuck in local minima.
2. The initial guesses are generated with noise, which might not explore the solution space effectively.
3. The number of initial guesses and optimization iterations might be insufficient.

To improve this, I can consider:

- Using a global optimization method like differential evolution.
- Generating more diverse initial guesses.
- Adjusting the optimization parameters for better convergence.
- Trying different numbers of points.

Let me try implementing differential evolution. However, scipy's differential evolution requires the objective function to be minimized, and it can handle constraints via the bounds and constraints. But the integral constraint is an equality constraint, which might be challenging for differential evolution. Alternatively, I can include the constraint in the objective function via a penalty term.

Wait, the integral constraint is sum(h) * dx = 1, which is equivalent to sum(h) = n_points / 2. So, during the optimization, I need to ensure that this holds. One way to handle this is to use a penalty term in the objective function that penalizes deviations from the constraint. However, this might make the optimization more difficult.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with the constraint, as in the previous code, but with more iterations and better parameter settings.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (20). Maybe increasing this number to 50 or 100 could help, but with the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess construction. For example, using a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged to minimize overlap. For instance, dividing the interval [0, 2] into equal parts and setting h(x) to 1 in some of them.

But how to generate such an initial guess? For example, if we divide [0, 2] into m intervals, and set h(x) to 1 in m/2 of them, then the integral would be 1. This could be a starting point.

Let me think: if I create an initial guess where h(x) is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged to spread out the 1's. For example, if the function is 1 in non-overlapping intervals, then shifting it by a certain amount would result in lower overlap. However, this is just an idea.

But how to implement this? For example, for n_points=150, dividing into 3 intervals of 2/3 length, but this is arbitrary.

Alternatively, using a more systematic approach. For example, using a function that is 1 in intervals spaced apart by a certain distance. However, without knowing the optimal spacing, this is guesswork.

In the absence of better ideas, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and see if that helps.

But how to handle the constraint? The differential evolution method in scipy.optimize.differential_evolution doesn't handle constraints directly, but you can use the 'bounds' parameter and include the constraint in the objective function via a penalty term.

Let me outline the steps for using differential evolution:

1. Define the objective function as the maximum overlap integral, plus a penalty term for violating the integral constraint.
2. Use differential evolution to minimize this objective function.
3. Generate multiple initial guesses and run the optimization.

However, this approach might be slower and less effective, but it's worth trying.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with more aggressive parameters. For example, increasing the maximum number of iterations or reducing the tolerance.

Another idea: the previous code uses 20 initial guesses. Maybe reducing the number of initial guesses but increasing the number of iterations per optimization could lead to better results. Or using a different method for each initial guess.

In the previous code, the initial guesses are generated by adding noise to the initial_h_values. Maybe generating initial guesses with different structures, such as alternating high and low values, could help.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess construction, like the one provided by the initial_h_values, but with some modifications.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use differential evolution and see if it can find a better solution. However, I need to handle the constraint.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with a better initial guess. For example, using the initial_h_values as the starting point and running the optimization with more iterations.

Another thought: the previous code's objective function returns the maximum overlap integral multiplied by dx. However, the actual integral is computed as the correlation multiplied by dx. Maybe there's a mistake here? Let me check:

The correlation of h and (1 - h) in mode 'full' gives the convolution of h and (1 - h), which for each shift k, the value at position k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. But the mode 'full' returns the correlation for all possible shifts, including negative shifts. However, since the function is defined on [0, 2], the valid shifts would be those where x + k is within [0, 2]. But the code uses the maximum of the correlation, which might include shifts that are not valid. However, in practice, the maximum overlap likely occurs for shifts within the range of the function.

But this might not be a problem, as the code is using the maximum of the correlation, which includes all shifts. However, for the purpose of the problem, the actual maximum overlap is over all real k, but the discretized version approximates this.

In any case, the code seems to handle this correctly.

So, to summarize, the plan is:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate multiple initial guesses with different perturbations.
- Use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, to minimize the objective function.
- Ensure the integral constraint is satisfied.
- Try different numbers of points and optimization parameters.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and see if it can find a better solution.

However, implementing this requires handling the constraint. One way is to use the 'SLSQP' method with the constraint, as before, but with more iterations and better parameters.

Alternatively, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds and a penalty for the constraint.

Another idea: since the integral constraint is linear, perhaps we can use a method that handles equality constraints more effectively. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with tighter tolerances and more iterations.

In the previous code, the optimization is run for 1500 iterations. Maybe increasing this number could help, but it would take more time.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first run a global optimizer to find a good initial guess, then refine it with a local optimizer.

But given the time, perhaps the best is to try adjusting the previous code's parameters and using a different optimization method.

Let me think about the code again. The previous code uses SLSQP with the constraint. Maybe increasing the number of iterations and reducing the tolerance could help. Also, using a better initial guess.

Another idea: the initial guess is generated by adding noise to the initial_h_values. Maybe instead of adding Gaussian noise, using a different perturbation, like flipping certain points or adjusting specific regions where overlaps are high.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the initial guess and running the optimization with more iterations.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to say.

In conclusion, the main changes I'll make are:

1. Use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, to explore the solution space more thoroughly.
2. Generate more diverse initial guesses.
3. Adjust the number of points and optimization parameters to balance between speed and accuracy.

Now, let's try to implement this in code. However, since the user wants the code to be self-contained and use the provided initial_h_values, I'll proceed with modifying the previous code to use differential evolution.

But wait, scipy's differential evolution doesn't handle equality constraints directly. So, I need to include the constraint in the objective function as a penalty term. For example, the objective function would be the maximum overlap integral plus a penalty for the constraint violation.

Let me outline this:

def objective(h):
    one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
    corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr)
    # Penalty for constraint violation
    penalty = 1e4 * np.abs(np.sum(h) - n_points / 2)
    return max_corr * dx + penalty

Then, use differential evolution to minimize this objective function.

However, this approach may not be as effective as using a constrained optimizer like SLSQP, but it's worth trying.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations and better parameters.

Another idea: using the 'SLSQP' method with a better initial guess. For example, using the initial_h_values as the starting point and running the optimization with more iterations.

In the previous code, the initial guess is generated by adding noise. Maybe instead, using the initial_h_values directly as the initial guess and running the optimization with more iterations could lead to better results.

But the previous code already does that. However, maybe increasing the number of iterations and reducing the tolerance could help.

Let me adjust the code to use more iterations and tighter tolerances.

Also, perhaps using a different initial guess construction. For example, using the initial_h_values as the initial guess and not adding noise, but running the optimization from there.

But the previous code uses multiple initial guesses with noise. Maybe the best solution is to use the initial_h_values as the initial guess and run the optimization with more iterations.

In conclusion, the plan is to modify the previous code to:

- Use the initial_h_values as the initial guess.
- Run the optimization with more iterations and tighter tolerances.
- Use a different optimization method if possible.

But given the time, perhaps the best is to adjust the previous code's parameters and see.

So, the final code will use the initial_h_values as the initial guess, run the optimization with more iterations, and possibly use a different method.

But the user's previous code already uses multiple initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses and using a different method.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the only initial guess and running the optimization with more iterations.

But without knowing, it's hard to say. Given the time, I'll proceed with modifying the previous code to use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and see.

But since I'm not sure how to handle the constraints with differential evolution, perhaps it's better to stick with SLSQP but with more iterations.

So, the final code will:

- Use the initial_h_values as the initial guess.
- Run the optimization with more iterations and tighter tolerances.
- Use the same number of initial guesses but with different perturbations.

But given the time, I'll proceed with the previous code but adjust the parameters to allow more iterations and better convergence.

Another idea: the previous code uses 20 initial guesses. Maybe reducing this number to 10 and increasing the number of iterations per optimization could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess construction, like the one provided by initial_h_values, and not adding noise.

But without knowing, it's hard to proceed. Given the time, I'll proceed with the previous code but adjust the parameters to allow more iterations and tighter tolerances.

So, the final code will be similar to the previous one but with increased maxiter and tighter ftol.

Another adjustment: the previous code uses 'SLSQP' with options {'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 1500}. Maybe increasing maxiter to 2000 or 3000 could help, but this would take more time. However, with the time budget, it's worth trying.

In conclusion, the final code will be similar to the previous one but with adjusted parameters and possibly more iterations.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 150
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    # Generate initial guess via interpolation
    x_initial = np.linspace(0, 2, len(initial_h_values))
    x_new = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
    initial_guess = np.interp(x_new, x_initial, initial_h_values)
    # Adjust sum to meet the constraint
    initial_guess = initial_guess / np.sum(initial_guess) * (n_points / 2)
    
    # Generate multiple initial guesses by adding noise
    num_initial_guesses = 10
    initial_guesses = []
    for _ in range(num_initial_guesses):
        # Add random noise
        noise = np.random.normal(0, 0.005, n_points)
        perturbed = initial_guess + noise
        # Clip to [0, 1]
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        # Adjust sum to meet the constraint
        scale_factor = (n_points / 2) / np.sum(perturbed)
        perturbed *= scale_factor
        initial_guesses.append(perturbed)
    
    # Objective function
    def objective(h):
        one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
        corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    # Constraint function
    def constraint(h):
        return np.sum(h) - n_points / 2
    
    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = None
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Run optimizations for each initial guess
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Run optimization
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint},
            options={'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 2000}
        )
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    # If no optimization was done, use the initial guess
    if best_h is None:
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            initial_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint},
            options={'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 2000}
        )
        best_c5 = result.fun
        best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```