<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used SLSQP with some initial guesses and perturbations, but maybe there's a better approach.

First, I should understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The discretization uses n_points samples, and the evaluation uses numpy's correlate function.

The previous code tried multiple initial guesses, including structured and random ones, then perturbed them and optimized with SLSQP. But maybe that approach isn't sufficient. Let's think about possible improvements.

One lesson mentioned is using SLSQP with equality constraints, which the previous code already does. So maybe that's not the issue. What else could be done?

Perhaps the initial guesses are too limited. The previous code uses the initial_h_values, a structured guess, and random ones. But maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, using more structured patterns or leveraging symmetry.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can model it as a minimax problem. However, solving such problems directly with optimization might be challenging. Alternatively, maybe we can use a different optimization method or adjust the parameters.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (15), but maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or varying the perturbation could help escape local minima. Also, the perturbation adds noise, but maybe using different perturbation strategies, like adding more structured noise or using different scaling factors.

Another thought: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. Maybe we can try to minimize each cross-correlation individually, but since it's the maximum, it's a bit tricky. Perhaps using a different optimization approach that handles the max function better, like using a penalty method or reformulating the problem.

Alternatively, maybe using a different parameterization. For example, instead of directly optimizing h, maybe using a Fourier-based approach or some other transformation. But that might complicate things.

Wait, the problem is similar to designing a function that minimizes the maximum overlap with its shifted version. This is related to signal processing and maybe has known techniques. For instance, in coding theory, certain sequences are designed to have low cross-correlation. Maybe there's a way to adapt those techniques here.

But since the problem is constrained to a specific interval and integral condition, perhaps we need to think of it as a constrained optimization problem. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is suitable for equality constraints. However, the objective function is non-convex, so getting stuck in local minima is possible. Maybe using a global optimization method would help, but that's computationally expensive.

Another idea: maybe the current approach is too slow. The previous code uses 15 initial guesses and for each, runs an optimization. Maybe reducing the number of initial guesses but using more sophisticated perturbations or better optimization parameters could help. Also, the budget is 100 seconds, so we need to make sure the code doesn't take too long.

Looking at the previous code, the perturbation adds Gaussian noise and scales to meet the sum constraint. Maybe instead of adding noise, we can use a different method to generate initial guesses, like using a grid search over certain parameters or using a more informed initialization based on known optimal structures.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a specific construction. If that's the case, maybe starting from that and making small variations could be better. But the previous code already uses that as one of the initial guesses.

Another possible improvement: instead of using the same number of points (n_points=100), maybe trying different n_points. The problem says that smaller sequences are preferred, but maybe for better accuracy, a larger n_points could be better. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are faster to optimize. The previous code uses n_points=100, which is manageable.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is good for constrained problems. Maybe using a different method like COBYLA or another variant, but I'm not sure.

Another angle: the cross-correlation is calculated over all k. The maximum of these values is what we need to minimize. Perhaps the current approach optimizes for the maximum by directly minimizing it, but maybe there's a way to approximate or bound this maximum more effectively.

Wait, the evaluation uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum of these values is the C5. So the objective function is the maximum of these cross-correlation values multiplied by dx.

In the previous code, the objective function is defined as the maximum of the cross-correlation. However, when using optimization methods, the maximum can be tricky because it's a non-smooth function. Maybe using a different approach to approximate this maximum, like using a penalty term for each shift, but that would increase the problem's complexity.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a different formulation. For example, instead of minimizing the maximum, we can minimize a single value that's an upper bound on the maximum. But that might not be straightforward.

Another thought: the problem has a symmetry. Since the interval is [0,2], maybe the optimal function has some symmetry properties. For example, being periodic or having mirrored sections. If we can exploit such symmetries, it might reduce the search space.

But how to incorporate that into the optimization? Maybe by constraining the function to be symmetric, but that might not be necessary. The previous code doesn't enforce symmetry, so perhaps that's a direction to explore.

Alternatively, maybe using a piecewise constant function with more segments, but the problem allows step functions, so maybe the current approach with n_points=100 is sufficient.

Wait, the previous code uses n_points=100, which is the length of initial_h_values. If the initial_h_values is a 100-point array, then perhaps trying different n_points could help. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, but maybe for better accuracy, a larger n_points is better. However, the user's previous code uses n_points=100, which is manageable.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (15) and perturbs them. Maybe instead of perturbing, we can use a more systematic approach, like using a genetic algorithm or other population-based methods. However, implementing such methods within the time budget might be challenging.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization strategy, like using a trust-region method or a more robust solver. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. If the problem is highly non-convex, maybe using a global optimizer would help, but that's computationally expensive.

Wait, the problem allows using any of the solvers in scipy.optimize, including those like COBYLA, SLSQP, etc. Maybe trying different solvers could yield better results. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which doesn't require gradients, might be more robust for certain problems.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is suitable for equality constraints. Maybe the issue is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. The previous code generates structured and random guesses, but perhaps there's a better way to generate initial guesses.

Another approach: instead of randomly generating initial guesses, use a grid search over certain parameters. For example, if the optimal function has certain features, like being piecewise constant with specific intervals, we can parameterize it and optimize those parameters.

Alternatively, maybe using a different parameterization of h. For example, instead of directly optimizing the h values, use a Fourier series or another basis to represent h, which could make the optimization easier. However, this might complicate the implementation.

Another thought: the current code's objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlations. However, during optimization, the maximum could be sensitive to small changes in h. Maybe using a more robust objective function, like the average of the cross-correlations, but that would not directly minimize the maximum. However, perhaps using a penalty approach where we minimize the sum of the cross-correlations, but that might not be the same as minimizing the maximum.

Alternatively, maybe using a different evaluation method. For example, instead of taking the maximum over all k, we can sample a subset of k values and minimize that. But this is an approximation and might not lead to the true minimum.

Wait, the problem requires that the evaluation uses the full cross-correlation. So we can't avoid considering all k. Therefore, the previous approach is correct in that aspect.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=1000) for each optimization. Maybe reducing the maxiter could save time, allowing more initial guesses to be tried within the budget. However, this might lead to less accurate results.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. The current code uses numpy.correlate, which is efficient, but perhaps there's a way to vectorize the computation or precompute certain values to speed things up.

Wait, the code's objective function is defined as:

def objective(h):
    one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
    corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr)
    return max_corr * dx

But when using SLSQP, the objective function needs to be differentiable. The max function is not differentiable, but numpy.correlate returns a smooth function? Wait, no. The cross-correlation is a smooth function of h, but taking the maximum over all k would make the objective function non-differentiable at points where multiple k's have the same maximum value. This could cause issues for the optimizer.

Ah, this is a problem. The previous code's objective function is non-differentiable, which might lead to poor convergence. To handle this, perhaps we can approximate the maximum by using a soft maximum or adding a small epsilon to avoid non-differentiable points. Alternatively, we can use a different approach to compute the maximum.

Wait, but how else can we compute the maximum? The maximum is the key part of the objective. Maybe instead of using the maximum, we can use a penalty method where we minimize the sum of all cross-correlations, but that's not the same as minimizing the maximum. Alternatively, we can use a different formulation where we minimize the maximum by introducing an auxiliary variable.

Let me think. Let's say we want to minimize the maximum over k of the cross-correlation. This can be reformulated as minimizing a variable t such that for all k, the cross-correlation is ≤ t. This is a convex optimization problem if we can express it as such. However, the cross-correlation is a function of h, and the constraints would be for each k, the cross-correlation ≤ t. But with the current setup, this would result in a very large number of constraints (for each k), which might be computationally infeasible.

But maybe we can approximate this by considering only a subset of k's. However, this would not guarantee the true minimum. Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the maximum during optimization.

Another idea: during the optimization, instead of computing the maximum over all k each time, we can track the maximum and use it as the objective. However, the non-differentiability might still be an issue. To mitigate this, we can add a small epsilon to the maximum value, making it differentiable. For example, using a smooth approximation of the maximum function.

Alternatively, we can use a different optimization method that can handle non-differentiable objectives, like subgradient methods. But scipy's optimize module may not support that directly.

Hmm. This seems like a significant issue. The previous code's objective function is non-differentiable, which could lead to poor optimization results. To address this, perhaps we can modify the objective function to be differentiable. For example, using a soft maximum function.

The soft maximum of a set of values can be approximated as the logarithm of the sum of exponentials. However, applying this to the cross-correlation values would require computing the soft maximum over all k. But this might be computationally intensive and may not lead to the exact same result as the true maximum.

Alternatively, we can use a different approach. Since the cross-correlation is a convolution, perhaps we can express the problem in terms of Fourier transforms. However, I'm not sure how to proceed with that.

Another thought: perhaps the maximum cross-correlation occurs at certain specific shifts k. For example, in the case of the interval [0,2], the shifts could be from -2 to +2, but the exact range depends on the length of the signal. However, the current code uses the full cross-correlation, which includes all possible shifts.

But maybe the maximum occurs at specific k values, such as k=0, k=1, or k=2. If we can identify these critical points and focus the optimization on those, perhaps we can simplify the problem. However, this requires prior knowledge or analysis of the problem, which might not be feasible.

Alternatively, maybe the maximum occurs when the shift k is such that the overlap between h and 1-h is maximized. This would depend on the structure of h. For example, if h is a step function that is 1 on some interval and 0 elsewhere, then the overlap would depend on how the shifted versions overlap.

But without knowing the structure of h, it's hard to say. However, the previous code's approach of minimizing the maximum cross-correlation directly might still be the way to go, even with the non-differentiability issue.

Another possible improvement: instead of using the full cross-correlation, maybe we can compute the cross-correlation for a subset of k values that are most likely to contribute to the maximum. For example, only considering k values that are integer multiples of some base value. This could reduce the computational load and make the optimization more efficient. However, this is an approximation and may not capture the true maximum.

Alternatively, maybe using a different evaluation method that is differentiable. For example, using the maximum of the cross-correlation values but adding a small epsilon to make it differentiable. However, this might not be accurate.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to handle the non-differentiability issue. One way to do this is to approximate the maximum by using a soft maximum function. For example, using the formula:

max(a, b) ≈ log(exp(a) + exp(b)) - log(2)

But for multiple values, it's the log of the sum of exponentials. However, applying this to all cross-correlation values would be computationally intensive. Alternatively, we can use a different approach.

Wait, the cross-correlation is a vector, and we want the maximum of that vector. To make this differentiable, we can use the maximum value and add a small epsilon to it. However, this would not be accurate, but it might help the optimizer converge.

Alternatively, during the optimization, we can compute the maximum value and use it as the objective. Even though it's non-differentiable, the optimizer might still find a good solution if the function is smooth enough in the vicinity of the minimum.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help find a better solution. However, the previous code already uses 15 initial guesses. Maybe trying more, but that would take more time.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess generation method. For example, instead of random guesses, use a grid-based approach where certain parameters are varied. For example, if the optimal function has certain properties, like being piecewise constant with specific intervals, we can parameterize those intervals and optimize.

But without knowing the structure, this is challenging. However, given that the initial_h_values is a starting point, perhaps modifying that in a systematic way could be beneficial.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses a fixed dx (2.0 / n_points). Maybe varying the dx or using a different discretization could help, but the problem states that the discretization is fixed as per the n_points.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed n_points of 100. Maybe trying with a different n_points, like 200 or 50, could yield better results. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, but the user's previous code uses 100. Maybe trying a larger n_points could provide a better approximation, but it would take more time.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps the previous approach is already optimal in terms of n_points.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP, use a different optimization method that can handle the non-differentiable objective. For example, using a genetic algorithm or particle swarm optimization. However, these methods are generally slower and may not be as effective as SLSQP for this problem.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can be more efficient in high-dimensional spaces. However, implementing this would require additional code and might not fit within the time budget.

Considering all these possibilities, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to handle the non-differentiable objective function by using a soft maximum approximation. Let's try that.

So, instead of taking the maximum of the cross-correlation values, we can approximate it with a soft maximum. For example, using the formula:

soft_max = np.log(np.sum(np.exp(corr / temperature))) / temperature

Where temperature is a small positive value. As temperature approaches zero, this approaches the true maximum. However, this introduces an additional parameter (temperature) that needs to be tuned.

But how to incorporate this into the optimization? The objective function would then be soft_max * dx. However, this is an approximation and may not yield the exact same result as the true maximum. However, it might be differentiable and allow the optimizer to converge better.

Alternatively, we can use the maximum value and add a small epsilon to make it differentiable. For example, adding 1e-6 to the maximum value. This would make the function smooth enough for the optimizer to work with.

Let me think. If we add a small epsilon to the maximum value, the derivative would be zero except when the maximum is achieved at a particular k, where the derivative would be the derivative of the cross-correlation with respect to h. This might still be manageable.

So modifying the objective function to:

def objective(h):
    one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
    corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr)
    return (max_corr + 1e-6) * dx

This would make the objective function slightly differentiable, allowing the optimizer to proceed. However, this is an approximation and might not be accurate. But it's worth trying.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses a fixed perturbation of adding Gaussian noise. Maybe using a different perturbation strategy, such as adding noise in a way that preserves certain properties of h, like the sum constraint. For example, adding noise and then scaling to maintain the sum.

Alternatively, using a more structured perturbation, like varying certain segments of h while keeping others fixed. But this would require more complex code.

Another idea: the previous code uses 15 initial guesses. Maybe reducing the number of initial guesses but increasing the number of iterations per optimization could help. However, this would take more time.

Alternatively, using a better initial guess. For example, starting from the initial_h_values and making small adjustments. But the previous code already does this.

Another possible optimization: precomputing the cross-correlation values and caching them to avoid recomputation during the optimization steps. However, the objective function is called many times during the optimization, so this might not help much.

Considering all these thoughts, the main issues seem to be:

1. The non-differentiable objective function leading to poor convergence.
2. Limited diversity in initial guesses.
3. Fixed optimization parameters that may not be optimal.

To address these, I'll modify the code to use a soft maximum approximation, try more initial guesses, and adjust the optimization parameters.

So, the plan is:

- Modify the objective function to use a soft maximum to make it differentiable.
- Increase the number of initial guesses to explore more of the search space.
- Adjust the optimization parameters, like increasing the maxiter or using a different solver.
- Perhaps use a different initial guess generation method.

Now, let's outline the code changes:

1. Replace the objective function with a soft maximum approximation.
2. Generate more initial guesses, perhaps using a combination of structured, random, and perturbed versions.
3. Use a different optimization method if possible, or adjust the parameters of SLSQP.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the main change is to use the soft maximum. Let's try that.

Another thing: the previous code uses the initial_h_values as one of the initial guesses. Maybe generating more structured guesses, like using a binary sequence with certain properties, could help.

For example, creating a guess where h is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged to minimize overlap. However, without knowing the optimal structure, this is speculative.

Alternatively, using a guess based on the known optimal solution for lower n_points and extrapolating.

But given the time, I'll proceed with modifying the objective function to use a soft maximum and adjust the initial guesses.

So, the revised code would include:

- A soft maximum calculation in the objective function.
- More initial guesses.
- Possibly adjusting the perturbation method.

Now, let's write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Use the provided initial guess
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    # Generate multiple initial guesses: original, structured, and random
    num_initial_guesses = 20  # Increased number of initial guesses
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess.copy()]
    
    # Generate structured guess: evenly spaced binary sequence
    structured_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
    for i in range(n_points):
        if i % 3 == 0:  # For n_points=100, this gives ~33 ones
            structured_guess[i] = 1.0
    initial_guesses.append(structured_guess.copy())
    
    # Generate random initial guesses
    for _ in range(num_initial_guesses - 2):  # Subtract the two already added
        # Generate random initial guess with sum constraint
        random_guess = np.random.rand(n_points)
        random_guess /= np.sum(random_guess)
        random_guess *= target_sum
        initial_guesses.append(random_guess)
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    start_time = time.time()
    
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Perturb the guess with small noise
        noise = np.random.normal(0, 0.01, n_points)
        perturbed = guess + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function to minimize C5 using soft max approximation
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            max_corr = np.max(corr)
            # Soft max approximation with temperature
            temperature = 1e-3
            soft_max = np.log(np.sum(np.exp(corr / temperature))) / temperature
            return soft_max * dx
        
        # Bounds for each h[i]
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        
        # Constraints: sum(h) == target_sum
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        # Perform optimization
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 1500}  # Adjusted parameters for better convergence
        )
        
        # Check if this result is better
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        # Check elapsed time
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```