<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous program used SLSQP optimization with multiple initial guesses, but maybe there's a better approach.

First, let me recall the problem. We need to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The challenge is to find a function h that makes this maximum as small as possible.

The previous approach used several initial guesses, including a structured binary sequence and random ones, then perturbed them and optimized. But maybe that's not sufficient. Let me think about possible improvements.

One lesson mentioned is using SLSQP with equality constraints, which the previous code already does. So maybe that's not the issue. What else could be done?

Perhaps the initial guesses are not diverse enough. The previous code generated 15 initial guesses, but maybe we can try different strategies for generating initial guesses. For example, using more structured patterns or leveraging symmetry.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can model it as a convex optimization problem. However, the objective function is non-convex because of the max over k. So maybe we can approximate it by considering a few key shifts k, but that might not capture the worst case.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a different optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization method could help escape local minima. However, with the time budget, global methods might be too slow. But perhaps a combination of local optimization with multiple starting points could work better.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=100). Maybe trying different n_points could lead to better results. For example, using a smaller n_points (like 50 or 100) might be faster, but the previous code used 100. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe trying different n_points could be beneficial.

Wait, the initial_h_values provided has n=100 samples. The previous code uses that. Maybe trying to generate initial guesses with different structures could help. For example, instead of random guesses, maybe using a more informed approach, like a periodic function or a function with specific patterns that might balance the overlaps.

Another idea: the overlap integral for a given k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the integral over x of h(x) - h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) is 1, the first term is 1. So the overlap integral becomes 1 - integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. Wait, no. Wait, the original problem says to minimize the maximum of the overlap integral. Since the overlap integral is 1 minus the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx, minimizing the maximum of this would be equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. But I'm not sure if that helps directly.

Alternatively, perhaps we can think of this as a convolution problem. The overlap integral for a shift k is the convolution of h with (1 - h) evaluated at k, scaled by dx. So the maximum of these convolutions is what we need to minimize.

But how does that help? Maybe considering the Fourier transform? Since convolution in time domain is multiplication in frequency domain. However, the problem is non-convex and involves maximizing over k, so maybe not straightforward.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a greedy approach. Start with an initial guess and iteratively adjust it to reduce the maximum overlap. However, without a clear direction, this might not be effective.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe adjusting the optimization parameters, like increasing the number of iterations or using a different tolerance, could lead to better results. But the time budget is tight.

Another idea: the previous code uses multiple initial guesses and perturbs them. Maybe instead of perturbing, we can use more sophisticated initialization strategies. For example, using a binary-valued function (like a step function) with certain patterns. For instance, a binary function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that spreads out the mass to minimize overlaps.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a specific construction. If I can improve upon that, that would be good. Let me think: the initial guess is probably a certain pattern. For example, maybe it's a binary function with 50 ones and 50 zeros, arranged in a way that the overlaps are balanced. But perhaps there's a better arrangement.

Alternatively, maybe using a more complex structure, like a ternary function (values 0, 1/2, 1) to allow for more flexibility. However, the problem states that h is a step function, which could imply that it's piecewise constant, but the exact definition isn't clear. The discretization uses n_points samples, so perhaps the step function is represented as a piecewise constant function with values at the sample points.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 100. Maybe trying a different n_points, like 50 or 200, could yield better results. However, with the time budget, more points might take longer. But since the user prefers smaller sequences, maybe 50 is better. However, the initial_h_values is for n=100, so perhaps sticking with that is better for consistency.

Wait, the problem says that the user's previous program achieved C₅ bound of 0.381242, and the current target is 0.380876. So we need to find a better solution. Let me think about possible improvements.

Perhaps the key is to use a more effective optimization strategy. The previous code uses SLSQP with multiple initial guesses. Maybe using a different optimization method, like gradient descent with momentum, or a Bayesian optimization approach, could help. However, implementing Bayesian optimization might be complex.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a different way to compute the overlap integral. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the convolution. But perhaps there's a more efficient way to compute the maximum over k. However, the code already does that.

Another idea: the maximum overlap integral is over all k. However, in practice, the maximum might occur at specific k values. For example, for the interval [0,2], the shifts k could be in [-2, 2], but due to the periodicity, maybe the maximum occurs at certain discrete points. However, the code already computes the full convolution, which includes all possible shifts.

Wait, the convolution of h with (1 - h) gives, for each shift, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. But the maximum over all k. However, since the function is defined on [0,2], the shifts k that are relevant are those where x + k is still in [0,2]. So the valid shifts k are in [-2, 2]. But the code uses the full convolution, which includes all possible shifts. However, the integral is computed over x where both x and x + k are in [0,2]. So perhaps the code is correct in using the full convolution.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed number of initial guesses, maybe use a more systematic approach. For example, generate initial guesses based on different patterns, like binary sequences with different periodicities, or using a genetic algorithm approach to evolve better solutions. However, genetic algorithms might be too slow within the time budget.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient, but perhaps there's a way to vectorize the computation or precompute certain values.

Wait, the previous code uses a loop over initial_guesses, each time perturbing and optimizing. Maybe we can reduce the number of initial guesses but use more effective perturbations. For example, instead of adding random noise, maybe use a more informed perturbation based on the current solution.

Another idea: the problem is similar to designing a function that has low autocorrelation. In coding theory, low autocorrelation sequences are designed to minimize the maximum correlation. Perhaps techniques from that field could be applied here. For example, using a Barker sequence or other low autocorrelation sequences. However, Barker sequences are for binary sequences and have specific properties. Maybe adapting such sequences could help.

Alternatively, considering that the integral of h(x) is 1, perhaps the function h is similar to a probability distribution. The overlap integral is related to the probability that two shifted versions of h overlap. So minimizing the maximum overlap could be similar to designing a distribution that is as "spread out" as possible.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a two-step optimization. First, find a function that minimizes the overlap for a particular shift k, then adjust it to also minimize overlaps for other shifts. However, this is vague.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a Lagrange multiplier approach. The problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions (the overlap integrals for different k), subject to the constraint that the integral of h is 1. However, since the maximum is involved, this is a semi-infinite optimization problem, which is difficult to solve directly.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing method. Let me think about what could be improved in the previous code.

The previous code uses 15 initial guesses, including structured and random ones. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help, but with the time budget, it's a trade-off. Alternatively, using a more effective structured guess. For example, instead of a simple binary pattern, maybe using a more complex structured pattern that balances the overlaps.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 100. Maybe trying a different n_points, like 50, could lead to better results. Let me check. For example, with fewer points, the function is less detailed, but maybe the optimization can find a better structure. However, the initial_h_values is for n=100, so perhaps using that as the base.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess can be improved. For instance, using a more optimal initial guess based on known constructions. For example, if there's a known construction for C₅, we can start from there.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses a fixed perturbation with normal noise. Maybe using different perturbation strategies, like adding noise in specific regions or using a more adaptive approach.

Also, the optimization parameters in the previous code have ftol=1e-10 and maxiter=1000. Maybe adjusting these parameters could help. For example, increasing maxiter or decreasing ftol might lead to better convergence, but it could also take more time.

Another thought: the objective function is the maximum of the correlations. However, during optimization, the algorithm might get stuck in a local minimum. To mitigate this, using multiple initial guesses and different optimization strategies could help. For example, using different optimization methods for different initial guesses.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP for all initial guesses. Maybe trying other optimization methods, like COBYLA or BFGS, could yield better results. However, the user mentioned that scipy.optimize has several solvers, including SLSQP, which is already used.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a single objective function that is the maximum of the correlations, perhaps we can use a different formulation. For example, using a penalty method where we minimize the sum of the correlations raised to some power, but this might not be effective.

Alternatively, since the maximum is the critical value, perhaps we can use a branch-and-bound approach, but that's computationally expensive.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing method. Let me think about the following steps:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point but try different perturbations and optimizations.
2. Generate more diverse initial guesses, such as using different structured patterns (e.g., binary sequences with different periodicities, or ternary sequences).
3. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for more thorough exploration.
4. Use a combination of different optimization methods for different initial guesses.

For example, instead of just using SLSQP, maybe for some initial guesses, use a different method like L-BFGS-B or COBYLA. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is suitable for equality constraints.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a more targeted approach. For instance, during the optimization, focus on reducing the worst-case overlap. This could be done by using a surrogate objective that penalizes the largest overlap, but this is similar to the current approach.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to minimize multiple overlaps simultaneously. However, this is complex.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe instead of generating random guesses, we can generate guesses based on known optimal structures or use a more systematic approach.

For example, considering that the optimal function might have certain symmetries, we can generate initial guesses that respect those symmetries. For instance, a function that is symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], or has periodic properties.

In summary, the key improvements could be:

- Generating more effective initial guesses with structured patterns.
- Using different optimization strategies or parameters.
- Trying different n_points values.
- Using more efficient evaluation methods.

Now, let's think about implementing these ideas.

First, the initial guess is provided as initial_h_values. Maybe we can generate additional initial guesses based on structured patterns. For example, a binary sequence with a certain period, or a sequence that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that balances the overlaps.

Another structured guess could be a binary sequence where the values alternate between 0 and 1, but with a certain offset. For example, a sequence that is 1 for half the points and 0 for the other half, arranged in a way that the shifts k that cause overlaps are minimized.

Alternatively, using a ternary sequence where some points are 0, some are 1, and some are 0.5, allowing for more flexibility in balancing the overlaps.

Another idea: the previous code uses a structured guess where every other point is 1. Maybe trying other structured patterns, like a sequence with 1s spaced out more evenly.

For example, for n_points=100, a binary sequence where the 1s are placed at positions that are spaced as evenly as possible. This could be done by placing 1s at positions i where i mod m == 0 for some m. For example, m=5, which would give 20 ones, but the integral would be 20 * dx = 20 * (2/100) = 0.4, which is less than 1. So that's not suitable. Wait, the integral needs to be 1. For n_points=100, dx=0.02, so sum(h) must be 50. So a binary sequence with 50 ones and 50 zeros would have sum 50, which is correct.

So a structured guess could be a binary sequence with 50 ones and 50 zeros arranged in a way that minimizes overlaps. For example, placing the ones as evenly spaced as possible. This could be done by placing a 1 every other point, which is what the previous code did. But perhaps other patterns could be better.

Another structured guess could be a binary sequence where the ones are placed in a way that their shifts k are minimized. For example, using a de Bruijn sequence or other combinatorial designs. However, I'm not sure about the exact method.

Alternatively, using a sequence that is a combination of multiple periodic patterns. For example, a sequence that has a period of 4, with 1s in certain positions.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal function is a binary function that is as "spread out" as possible. For example, a binary function that has 1s in positions that are spaced to avoid overlapping when shifted. This is similar to the concept of a binary sequence with low autocorrelation.

In coding theory, a Barker sequence is a binary sequence with the property that its autocorrelation is minimal. However, Barker sequences are limited in length. For example, the longest Barker sequence has length 13. For longer sequences, the autocorrelation is not minimal. However, perhaps using a Barker sequence-like structure could help.

But since our function is on [0,2], and we have n_points=100, maybe we can approximate a Barker sequence. However, I'm not sure how to apply this directly.

Alternatively, perhaps using a binary sequence with a certain number of 1s and 0s arranged to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, placing the 1s in positions that are as far apart as possible.

Another approach: for the structured guess, instead of placing 1s every other point, we can use a more optimal arrangement. For example, using a greedy algorithm to place 1s such that the overlaps are minimized. However, this would require an optimization process itself.

But since we're trying to generate initial guesses, perhaps we can use a simple structured guess that is more optimal than the previous one.

In the previous code, the structured guess is a binary sequence with 1s every other point. This results in a function that has 50 ones and 50 zeros. However, shifting this function by 1 unit would cause overlaps between the 1s and the 0s, leading to a certain overlap integral. Maybe there's a better structured guess.

For example, a binary sequence where the 1s are placed in a way that their shifts by certain amounts don't overlap much. For instance, placing the 1s in positions that are spaced by more than 1 unit apart. However, with n_points=100, the spacing between consecutive 1s would be 2 units, which is the length of the interval. So that's not possible.

Alternatively, arranging the 1s in a way that their positions are spread out as much as possible. For example, using a sequence where the 1s are placed at positions that are as evenly spaced as possible. This is similar to a uniform distribution.

For example, for n_points=100, the positions of the 1s could be at indices i where i is approximately (k * n_points)/50 for k=0,...,49. Wait, but this would just be every other point again.

Hmm. Maybe the structured guess isn't the best approach. Perhaps generating random initial guesses with more diversity could help. The previous code generates random guesses, but maybe we can use a different method to generate them, such as using a Latin hypercube or other sampling techniques.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (15), but maybe increasing that number could help. However, with the time budget, it's a trade-off between the number of initial guesses and the time spent on each optimization.

Alternatively, using a combination of structured and random guesses, and also using some heuristic-based guesses.

In terms of code changes, perhaps modifying the initial_guesses generation to include more structured patterns. For example, adding a guess that is a binary sequence with 1s placed at positions that are spaced as evenly as possible.

For example, for n_points=100, the positions of the 1s could be at indices i where i = floor( (k * n_points) / 50 ) for k=0,...,49. Wait, that would be every other point again. Maybe not helpful.

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern, like a binary sequence with 1s placed at positions that are spaced by varying amounts to minimize overlaps.

Another possible improvement: during the optimization, instead of using a fixed perturbation, perhaps use a more adaptive perturbation based on the current solution. For example, perturbing regions where the overlap is high.

However, implementing this would require more complex code.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed dx of 2.0 / n_points. Maybe for different n_points, the optimal solution could be found. For example, trying n_points=50 or 200. But since the initial guess is for n=100, maybe sticking with that is better.

In terms of code, perhaps the main changes would be:

- Generate more effective initial guesses, including structured patterns that are more optimal than the previous ones.
- Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.
- Use different optimization methods for different initial guesses.

For example, in the previous code, the structured guess is every other point. Maybe adding another structured guess where the 1s are placed in a more optimal pattern, such as a binary sequence with 1s placed at positions that are as spread out as possible.

Alternatively, using a ternary sequence where some points are 0, some are 1, and some are 0.5, allowing for more flexibility in balancing the overlaps.

Another possible change: instead of using a fixed number of initial guesses, use a combination of different strategies, such as:

1. The initial_h_values provided.
2. A structured binary sequence with 1s placed evenly.
3. A random binary sequence.
4. A ternary sequence with certain values.
5. A sequence generated by a different method, like a greedy algorithm.

But implementing all of these would require more code.

Considering time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the initial_guesses generation to include more effective structured patterns and adjust the optimization parameters.

So, in the code, instead of just generating a structured guess with every other point, perhaps generate a structured guess with 1s placed at positions that are as evenly spaced as possible. For example, placing the 1s at positions that are spaced by approximately 2 / (number of 1s) units. Since the integral is 1, the number of 1s is 50 for n_points=100.

Wait, for n_points=100, dx=0.02. To have sum(h) = 50, we need 50 ones and 50 zeros. So placing the 1s at positions that are as evenly spaced as possible would mean placing them at positions i where i is approximately (k * n_points)/50 for k=0,...,49. Wait, that's every other point again. So perhaps that's not helpful.

Alternatively, maybe using a different pattern, like placing the 1s in a way that their positions are spread out over the interval [0,2]. For example, using a binary sequence where the 1s are placed at positions that are spaced by more than 1 unit apart. However, with 50 ones in 100 points, this is not possible since the spacing would be 0.02 units between consecutive points.

Hmm, this seems challenging. Perhaps the structured guess isn't the way to go, and the previous approach of using random guesses is better.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=1000) and a tight ftol. Maybe relaxing the ftol could allow for better convergence, but this might not be helpful.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is suitable for bounded variables. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which handles equality constraints well.

Another possible change: instead of perturbing the initial guesses with normal noise, use a more effective perturbation, such as adding noise in regions where the overlap is high.

But without knowing where the overlap is high, this is difficult.

In conclusion, the main changes I can make are:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, including structured patterns that are more optimal.
2. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.
3. Use different optimization methods for different initial guesses.

So, modifying the code to include more structured guesses, like a binary sequence with 1s placed at positions that are spread out more evenly, and perhaps using a different optimization method.

For example, adding a structured guess where the 1s are placed at positions that are as evenly spaced as possible. For n_points=100, this would be placing a 1 every other point, which is what the previous code does. But maybe another pattern, like placing 1s in a way that their positions are spread out over the interval.

Alternatively, using a binary sequence where the 1s are placed at positions that are spaced by varying amounts to minimize overlaps. However, without knowing the optimal arrangement, this is challenging.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to include more structured guesses and adjust the optimization parameters. For example, adding a structured guess where the 1s are placed in a way that minimizes the maximum overlap for a single shift, and then using that as an initial guess.

Alternatively, using a ternary sequence where some points are 0.5, allowing for more flexibility.

But how to implement this? Let's think.

Another idea: since the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 100, perhaps trying a smaller n_points like 50 could lead to faster optimization and potentially better results. For example, with n_points=50, dx=0.04, and sum(h) must be 25. A binary sequence with 25 ones and 25 zeros. Maybe this allows for a better structured guess.

But the initial_h_values is for n=100, so maybe it's better to stick with that.

In terms of code changes, I'll modify the initial_guesses generation to include more structured patterns. For example, adding a structured guess where the 1s are placed at positions that are spaced by a certain amount. For instance, a binary sequence where the 1s are placed at positions that are spaced by 0.5 units. For n_points=100, this would mean placing a 1 every 4 points (since 0.5 units is 25 points for n=100). But this would give 25 ones, which is not enough. Wait, sum(h) must be 50. So for n_points=100, we need 50 ones. So spacing of 0.5 units would require placing a 1 every 4 points (since 0.5 units is 25 points for n=100). But that would give 25 ones, which is half of what's needed. So perhaps placing two 1s every 4 points. For example, positions 0, 1, 4, 5, 8, 9, etc. This would give 50 ones. But this is just a guess.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more systematic approach to generate the structured guess. For example, placing the 1s at positions that are as evenly spaced as possible. This is similar to a uniform distribution. For n_points=100, the positions of the 1s would be at indices i where i = floor(k * n_points / 50) for k=0,...,49. But this is just every other point again.

Hmm, this seems to lead back to the same structured guess as before.

Perhaps the structured guess isn't the way to go, and the previous code's approach of using random guesses is better. So, maybe the main improvement is to adjust the optimization parameters and use more effective initial guesses.

In the previous code, the optimization uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=1000) and a tight ftol. Maybe reducing the ftol or increasing the maxiter could help. However, with the time budget, it's a trade-off.

Another idea: the previous code uses a perturbation with normal noise. Maybe instead of adding noise, we can use a more effective perturbation, such as adding noise only in regions where the overlap is high. But without knowing where the overlap is high, this is difficult.

Alternatively, using a different perturbation strategy, like swapping values between points to create more diversity.

In conclusion, the main changes I'll make are:

- Generate more effective initial guesses, including a structured guess with 1s placed in a way that minimizes overlaps for certain shifts.
- Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.
- Use a different optimization method for some initial guesses.

Now, translating this into code changes.

First, in the initial_guesses generation, I'll add a structured guess where the 1s are placed at positions that are as evenly spaced as possible. For example, placing the 1s at positions that are spaced by approximately 0.02 * 2 = 0.04 units. Wait, for n_points=100, dx=0.02. To spread the 1s evenly, we can place them at positions i where i = floor(k * n_points / 50) for k=0,...,49. But this is every other point again.

Alternatively, maybe using a different pattern, like placing 1s in a way that their positions are spread out over the interval. For example, using a binary sequence where the 1s are placed at positions that are spaced by varying amounts. However, without a clear method, this is difficult.

Perhaps the best approach is to keep the existing structured guess and add another structured guess with a different pattern. For example, a binary sequence where the 1s are placed at positions that are spaced by 1 unit. For n_points=100, this would mean placing a 1 at positions 0, 50, 100, etc. But since the interval is [0,2], and n_points=100, the positions would be at 0, 50, 100, which is beyond the interval. So this is not feasible.

Another idea: use a binary sequence where the 1s are placed in a way that their positions are as spread out as possible. For example, placing 1s at positions that are spaced by approximately 2 / 50 = 0.04 units. This would mean placing a 1 every 2 points (since dx is 0.02). So, placing a 1 at every other point, which is the same as the previous structured guess.

Thus, it seems that the structured guess is already the best possible for a binary sequence. So, perhaps the main improvement is to use more effective random initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters.

In the previous code, the random initial guesses are generated by taking random values, normalizing, and scaling. Maybe generating them with a different distribution, such as a uniform distribution with more variance, could help.

Alternatively, using a different method to generate the random initial guesses, like using a Latin hypercube sampling.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use more effective initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters.

So, in the code, I'll:

- Increase the number of initial guesses to 20.
- Use a different structured guess, like a binary sequence with 1s placed in a way that minimizes overlaps for certain shifts.
- Adjust the optimization parameters, such as increasing maxiter or decreasing ftol.

However, without knowing the exact changes, I'll proceed with modifying the code to include more initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters.

Another possible change: instead of using a fixed number of initial guesses, use a combination of structured and random guesses, and for each, perform a more thorough optimization.

In the end, the code will look something like this, with adjustments to the initial guesses and optimization parameters.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Use the provided initial guess
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    # Generate multiple initial guesses: original, structured, and random
    num_initial_guesses = 20  # Increased number of initial guesses
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess.copy()]
    
    # Generate structured guess: evenly spaced binary sequence
    structured_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
    for i in range(n_points):
        if i % 4 == 0:  # For n_points=100, this gives 25 ones
            structured_guess[i] = 1.0
    initial_guesses.append(structured_guess.copy())
    
    # Generate random initial guesses
    for _ in range(num_initial_guesses - 2):  # Subtract the two already added
        # Generate random initial guess with sum constraint
        random_guess = np.random.rand(n_points)
        random_guess /= np.sum(random_guess)
        random_guess *= target_sum
        initial_guesses.append(random_guess)
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    start_time = time.time()
    
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Perturb the guess with small noise
        noise = np.random.normal(0, 0.01, n_points)
        perturbed = guess + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function to minimize C5
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            max_corr = np.max(corr)
            return max_corr * dx
        
        # Bounds for each h[i]
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        
        # Constraints: sum(h) == target_sum
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        # Perform optimization
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 1500}  # Adjusted parameters
        )
        
        # Check if this result is better
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        # Check elapsed time
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```