<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and our target is 0.380876. The previous code tried using SLSQP and differential evolution with various initial guesses based on waveforms. The problem is to find a function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by k.

First, I need to understand the current approach. The initial code uses initial_h_values, which is a starting point with 45 samples. Then, it generates different guesses like pulses, squares, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Then, it uses SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. They refine the solution by using SLSQP again.

The user wants me to improve this. The previous code achieved C₅ of 0.381142. The target is to get even lower. So I need to think of alternative strategies.

Hmm. Maybe the previous approach got stuck in local minima. So maybe trying different initial guesses is important. Also, using different optimization techniques. Maybe trying more advanced optimization methods, or changing the hyperparameters.

Another idea: maybe using a grid search over some parameters, but with the constraints. But with the time budget, that might not be feasible. Or maybe using a better initial guess. The initial_h_values is given, but perhaps combining that with other patterns.

Wait, the problem says that the initial_h_values is provided when available. So I should use it. But perhaps generating initial guesses based on different patterns. For example, using a more optimal initial guess, maybe a combination of pulses or other functions.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, which is equivalent to finding a function h that is as spread out as possible in terms of its shifts. Maybe a better approach is to use a more structured initial guess, like dividing the interval into segments with certain properties.

Another thought: the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a more efficient optimization method, like a genetic algorithm, or particle swarm optimization. But the previous code already uses differential evolution, which is a population-based method.

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to compute the overlap integral. Wait, the current code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which for each shift k, computes the integral. The maximum of these is the C₅ value. So the goal is to minimize this maximum.

I need to think about how to better optimize this. Maybe the SLSQP method is too slow, and the differential evolution is time-consuming. Maybe using a more efficient optimization algorithm, or adjusting the parameters.

Another idea: the previous code tried multiple initial guesses. Maybe adding more types of initial guesses, like different waveforms or patterns. But the code already includes some. Alternatively, using more sophisticated initializations based on known patterns or approximating the optimal solution.

Wait, the problem mentions that the target is to achieve C₅ ≤ 0.380876. The current best is 0.38085, so perhaps we need to get even closer. But how?

Maybe improving the initial guess. For example, starting with a more optimal structure. Maybe using a specific pattern that's known to perform better. For instance, a function that's periodic with certain properties, or has a specific symmetry.

Another approach: using a gradient-based method with more accurate gradient calculations. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method. Maybe adding more constraints or adjusting the optimization parameters.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem, but I don't see an obvious way. The max over k of the integral is a non-convex problem. So convex methods might not work.

What about using a different discretization? The previous code uses n_points=45. Maybe trying a larger or smaller n_points? Wait, but the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. But the current code uses 45, which is small. Maybe trying a different n_points, but that might complicate things.

Alternatively, perhaps the current code is not exploring enough different initial points. Maybe adding more initial guesses that are more likely to lead towards the global minimum. For example, using more random initializations, or using a combination of different patterns.

Wait, the previous code uses gen_pulses, gen_square, etc. Maybe adding more types, like a combination of two different waveforms or a more complex structure.

Another idea: perhaps the previous code's initial guess is not the best. If the initial_h_values is a starting point, but maybe it's possible to generate better initial guesses by using a better approximation of the optimal function.

Alternatively, using a different way to construct initial guesses. For example, using a greedy algorithm to place the function h in positions that minimize the overlap with its shifts. But how to do that efficiently?

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints, and then differential evolution. Maybe the problem is that differential evolution is not sufficient to find the global minimum. So perhaps combining multiple optimization methods, like using a genetic algorithm for initial exploration, then SLSQP for refinement.

But the previous code already uses DE. Maybe adjusting the parameters of DE, like the mutation and recombination rates.

Alternatively, using a different optimization technique. For example, Basin Hopping, which is a global optimization method that uses local optimization steps. But the previous code didn't use that.

Another thought: the overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). To minimize the maximum of these integrals, the function h should be such that when shifted, it overlaps as little as possible. This suggests that the function should be as spread out as possible, perhaps like a periodic function with certain spacing.

But how to model that? Maybe using a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap much. However, the integral over [0,2] of h must be 1. So for example, if h is 1 on three intervals, each of length 2/3, but that would not work because the total length would be 2. Wait, the integral is 1, so the area under h must be 1. So if h is 1 on intervals of total length 1, but spread out over [0,2], then the area is 1. For example, if we have intervals that are spaced apart, their shifts would overlap less.

But how to model this? Perhaps using a function that is a union of intervals separated by gaps, which is similar to a pulse train. But the previous code already tried pulses.

Wait, the previous code included different waveforms. Maybe trying a more optimal arrangement. For example, a function that is a combination of multiple pulses with varying duty cycles, or other patterns.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal function is a periodic function with certain symmetry. For example, a function that is symmetric around the center of [0,2], and has a certain period.

But I'm not sure. Maybe generating a function that is periodic with a period of 2/5 or something, to minimize overlap.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is related to the Erdős discrepancy problem, but in a different context. However, I'm not familiar enough with the exact connection here.

Another approach: the current code's initial_guess includes various waveforms. Maybe trying a different initial guess that is more optimized. For example, generating a function that is a combination of multiple optimized pulses.

But how to generate that? Maybe using the previous code's gen_pulses and gen_square but with more parameters. However, the previous code already tried that.

Another thought: maybe the current code's objective function is not accurate. Let me double-check. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For the full mode of numpy.correlate, the shifts k correspond to different positions. So for each k, the integral is the correlation between h and 1-h at shift k. Multiplying by dx gives the integral. So the code's approach is correct.

So the problem is how to optimize h such that this maximum is minimized. The previous code's approach uses SLSQP and DE, but maybe using more advanced optimization techniques.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be approximated by considering only a subset of shifts k, but that might not be valid since the maximum is over all possible k.

Wait, another idea: since the integral is over x in [0,2], and h is defined on [0,2], shifting by k would involve overlapping with different parts of the domain. For example, shifting by k=1 would mean that the integral is over x where both x and x + k are in [0,2]. But for shifts larger than 2, the overlap would be zero. However, the code computes the full correlation, which includes all possible shifts. But in reality, the maximum is achieved for shifts within [0, 2], but the code's method is correct in terms of the integrals.

But maybe the maximum occurs at certain specific shifts that can be precomputed. However, since the problem is over the continuous domain, this might not be straightforward.

Another angle: the problem is similar to finding a function h with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap when shifted. This is a minimax problem. So perhaps using a more systematic approach, like using Fourier analysis. However, given the time constraints, maybe that's not feasible.

Alternatively, perhaps trying a different algorithm for optimization. For example, using a proximal gradient method or other constrained optimization techniques.

But given the time budget, maybe the best approach is to refine the previous code. Let's think about how to improve it.

The previous code uses multiple initial guesses and then applies optimization. Maybe the key is to generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, generating different types of functions, such as those with different frequencies, duty cycles, or combinations of waveforms.

Wait, the previous code already tried pulses, square, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more types of initial guesses, like a combination of multiple waveforms or more complex patterns.

Alternatively, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe not. If there's a better starting point, that would help. But the user mentioned that initial_h_values is available, so perhaps I should use it as a starting point and try to refine it further.

Another thought: the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations, and then DE. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods could lead to better results.

For example, in the SLSQP part, increasing the maxiter or ftol. Also, for DE, increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

But how much time would that take? The time budget is 100 seconds, so the code must run within that.

Another idea: using parallel optimization. However, the problem states that only one CPU is available, so parallelism is not an option.

Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm. For instance, using the COBYLA method from scipy.optimize, which handles bounds and constraints. Or using a hybrid approach combining different methods.

Another point to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The current code computes the correlation and takes the maximum. But perhaps there are ways to compute this more efficiently, or to use a different approximation.

Wait, the previous code's optimization uses the same objective function. So that's correct.

Let me think of possible ways to improve the optimization process. For example, using a better initial guess. The initial_h_values is given, but maybe generating a better initial guess around it. For example, using the initial guess as a starting point, then applying some perturbations to it.

Alternatively, perhaps combining the initial_h_values with another initial guess. For example, using a linear combination of the initial guess and a random one.

But maybe the initial_h_values is the best one, and the code's approach of generating other initial guesses is not sufficient. Maybe the current code is not exploring enough different regions of the solution space.

So, perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses. For example, generating multiple waveforms with different parameters, such as different frequencies and duty cycles. The previous code tried 3-10 frequency and duty values, but maybe that's not enough.

Alternatively, using more sophisticated initial guesses that are more likely to approach the optimal solution. For example, using a function that has a certain structure known to be optimal for similar problems.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, which relates to spreading out the function as much as possible. So, perhaps using a function that is a union of intervals spaced in a way that when shifted, they overlap as little as possible. This is similar to the concept of a "spread" function.

For example, if the function h(x) is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart, then shifting h would result in overlapping with lapped intervals. To minimize the overlap, the intervals should be as far apart as possible. However, due to the constraint ∫h dx =1, the total length of the intervals (in terms of area) must be 1.

But how to balance the number and spacing of intervals. For instance, if we have three intervals of length 1/3, spaced such that their shifts don't overlap too much. However, this is a bit hand-wavy.

Alternatively, using a function with three peaks (each with a certain width) spaced apart. However, the previous code already tries pulses, which are similar.

Maybe the key is to try different pulse trains. For example, using a function that is composed of multiple pulses with different positions and widths. However, generating such initial guesses requires some algorithm.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm where each individual is a pulse train, and the fitness is the C₅ value. But with the time budget, this might be feasible.

But given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to focus on improving the existing code. Let's think about the previous code's structure.

The previous code has a loop over guesses, which includes various waveforms and random guesses. Then, for each guess, it applies SLSQP with some iterations. Then, uses DE for further optimization. Then, refines with SLSQP again.

So, to improve this, maybe increasing the number of initial guesses, or varying the parameters of the optimization steps.

Another idea: the previous code uses the same initial_h_values as a guess. Maybe that's the best starting point. However, if the code is stuck in a local minimum, it might not find the global minimum. So, perhaps generating more initial guesses that are diverse.

For example, generating multiple different waveforms, such as sine waves with different frequencies, or combinations of different waveforms.

Alternatively, using a different approach to generate the initial guesses. For instance, using a probabilistic method to generate initial guesses that are more likely to be optimal.

Alternatively, using a heuristic based on the known value of the Erdős constant. For example, knowing that the optimal C₅ is around 0.38, the code could aim to find a solution that comes close to this value.

Another possible improvement is to use a more accurate evaluation of the objective function. For example, using numerical integration methods that are more precise. But since the code already uses numpy's correlate, which is accurate, this might not be an issue.

Another point to consider is the constraints. The current code uses an equality constraint for the sum of h. This is handled correctly.

In terms of code structure, perhaps the previous approach is already good, but there's room for optimization in the parameters. For example, using a larger population size in DE, more iterations, or better settings.

Alternatively, the code could be modified to use more efficient optimization steps. For example, using the BFGS method with constraints, but that might not be as effective as SLSQP or DE.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum integral, perhaps the maximum is achieved at certain specific shifts. For example, shifts of 1/5, 2/5, etc., which might be more critical. If the code could focus on those shifts during optimization, it might find better solutions. However, this is a bit vague.

Alternatively, using a different way to compute the maximum. For example, instead of evaluating all shifts, evaluating only the ones that are most likely to contribute to the maximum, and then adapting the optimization accordingly. However, this requires knowing which shifts are critical, which might not be feasible without prior knowledge.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the code by increasing the diversity of initial guesses and optimizing the parameters of the optimization methods.

In the previous code, the initial guesses are generated with multiple waveforms. For example, for frequencies 3-10, and different duty cycles. Maybe adding more frequencies or more duty cycles could help. Also, introducing more complex waveforms or combinations.

Another idea: using a more sophisticated initial guess. For instance, using the initial_h_values as the starting point, but generating multiple perturbations around it to explore nearby regions. For example, adding a small random noise to the initial guess and optimizing from there.

But the code already has a random guess. Maybe that's not sufficient.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values and then modifying it in some structured way. For example, shifting the intervals or adjusting their widths.

But how to implement this algorithmically? Perhaps by generating a modified version of the initial guess with slight changes.

In summary, the steps to improve the code could be:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, perhaps with more frequencies and duty cycles.
2. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow more iterations or better convergence.
3. Use more advanced optimization methods like Basin Hopping or hybrids.
4. Refine the solution with multiple rounds of optimization.

Given the previous code's structure, modifying the initial_guess part to include more variations might help. For example, adding more waveforms or varying the parameters further.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal function is symmetric. For example, if h(x) is symmetric around 1, then the shifts k=1 would have some symmetry. So, generating functions with symmetry might lead to better results.

The previous code's initial_h_values might already have some symmetry, but adding more symmetric guesses could help.

Alternatively, using the initial guess to create a symmetric function. For example, generating a function that mirrors around the midpoint of [0, 2].

But again, how to implement this algorithmically.

Considering all this, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to include more initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters, and possibly refine the solution with more SLSQP iterations.

Additionally, I should consider that the previous code uses scipy.optimize's SLSQP, which might have issues with convergence. Using a different method or adjusting the options might help.

Another possible improvement is to use a different way to compute the correlation. For example, using a more accurate numerical integration method, but in this case, the numpy.correlate is already correct for the discrete case.

Alternatively, the code could precompute all possible shifts and optimize for the maximum, but that's what it's already doing.

In terms of code changes, perhaps:

- Increasing the number of initial guesses.
- Using a different range of frequencies and duty cycles.
- Adjusting the parameters of differential evolution and SLSQP.
- Increasing the number of refinement steps.

But given the time budget, I need to make these changes efficiently.

Another thing to consider is that the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations for each optimization step. Perhaps increasing these could lead to better results, but it might also take longer.

So, to sum up, here's my plan for the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generate more diverse initial guesses, including different frequencies, duty cycles, and other waveforms.
3. Use differential evolution with more parameters (like a larger population size or more iterations).
4. Apply multiple rounds of SLSQP refinement with more iterations.
5. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.

Now, translating this into code:

The existing code already generates some initial guesses. I can add more by generating additional waveforms, like more frequencies or different shapes.

For example, instead of frequencies from 3-10, include more, perhaps 1-20.

Also, adding more random guesses.

But in the code, the guesses are generated with certain functions. Let's see:

In the previous code, the guesses are:

- initial_h_values
- for freq in 3-10: pulses and square
- for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]: saw and triangle

So to expand that, maybe adding more frequencies (like 1-15), and more duty cycles (like 0.1, 0.6, 0.7, etc).

Also, adding more types of waveforms. For example, adding a ramp or other functions.

Additionally, perhaps using a more refined random guesses, where the random initialization is better.

But given the code's structure, adding more guesses would increase the number of initial points, which might help in exploring the solution space.

Another idea: using the initial_h_values as the first guess and then adding more.

Also, in the DE part, increasing the number of iterations or population size.

Regarding the SLSQP steps, increasing the maxiter and ftol to allow for better convergence.

Another thing: the code uses np.random.seed(seed) to ensure reproducibility. But in the initial code, the seed is fixed. However, during optimization, it's better to have a variable seed for different runs.

But for the given code's structure, it's using a fixed seed. To get better results, perhaps varying the seed during different steps.

Alternatively, the code should not rely on the seed but allow for variability. However, for reproducibility, it's important to have a seed. But during optimization, randomness might be necessary.

But the code as written uses a fixed seed, which might limit the diversity of the initial guesses. However, the code already includes multiple random guesses.

In any case, the plan is to improve the initial guesses and the code's optimization parameters.

So, here's how I'll modify the code:

1. Increase the range of frequencies in the pulse and square functions to include lower and higher values.
2. Add more duty cycles for the saw and triangle functions.
3. Increase the number of random guesses.
4. Adjust the parameters of the SLSQP and DE steps to allow more iterations.
5. Add more refinement steps.

Now, let's structure the code.

The code will start with the initial_h_values, then generate more guesses with different parameters. Then, perform optimization steps with adjusted parameters.

For example, in the gen_pulses and gen_square, increase the frequency range from 3-10 to maybe 1-15. Similarly for other functions.

Also, adding more duty cycles like 0.1, 0.6, 0.7, 0.9.

This would generate more initial guesses, increasing the chances of finding a better solution.

Additionally, in the DE part, increasing the maxiter from 70 to 100 or more. Also, increasing the population size.

Also, for the SLSQP steps, increasing the maxiter from 200 to 300 or more.

In the refinement steps, increasing the number of iterations.

Now, considering the time budget, it's important to balance between the number of steps and the time taken.

Another idea: the code's current evaluation function is correct, but the objective function could be modified to use a more precise computation. However, this is unlikely to be a significant factor.

Now, putting this into code.

First, in the guesses loop, expand the frequency range:

For example, instead of freq in range(3, 11), which is 3 to 10 (inclusive), change to range(1, 16), which would include 1 to 15.

Similarly, for duty cycles, maybe add 0.1, 0.7, 0.9.

Also, maybe add more types of waveforms. For example, adding a ramp function or other shapes.

However, given the time, it's better to stick with the existing waveform types and expand their parameters.

Also, in the guesses, instead of adding 5 random guesses, add more.

In the previous code, for _ in range(5): guesses.append(gen_random(). So adding more random guesses.

This way, the code will have more diverse initial guesses.

Additionally, in the DE step, increase the number of iterations and population size.

Another change: in the DE part, the previous code has maxiter=70. Let's increase that to 100.

Also, the mutation parameters: maybe using a wider range for mutation.

Now, putting all these changes into the code.

Additionally, in the refinement steps, increase the number of iterations.

Another thing: the initial code's refine step runs 10 times. Maybe increase that to 20.

Also, during the SLSQP steps, the options are {'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11}. Perhaps increasing maxiter to 300 and ftol to 1e-12.

Now, implementing these changes in the code.

But code length is limited. So need to be concise.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed seed. For better exploration, it might be better to have a more random seed, but the user provided seed=42. So we need to respect that.

So, the code will generate more initial guesses, refine with more steps, and adjust optimization parameters.

Another possible improvement: using a different method for the initial guesses. For example, using a combination of the initial_h_values with a random guess, or other combinations.

But I think the main changes are to increase the diversity of initial guesses and optimize the parameters of the optimization methods.

Finally, after making these changes, the code should run within the time budget and return a better C₅ value.

Testing these changes, the code should find a better solution. The target is to get C₅ below 0.380876, which is very close to the current record. So the improvements should be small but measurable.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_square(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((np.sign(wave) + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(1, 16):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_square(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=200, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(20):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```