<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and they want to get lower than that, maybe around 0.380876. The previous code uses an initial construction with 45 samples, and applies some optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But the user says that the previous program achieved a C₅ of 0.381142, which is a bit higher than the target. So I need to find a better approach.

First, I need to understand the problem better. The goal is to find a step function h on [0, 2] such that the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k is minimized. The integral is computed as the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h, scaled by dx. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1.

The previous code used an initial guess, then tried different optimization methods. However, maybe there's a better way. The user suggests trying different starting points or changing the algorithm. Maybe using a different optimization strategy, like genetic algorithms, or a more efficient local search, or even a different initial guess.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, but maybe generating other starting points could help avoid local minima. Also, the previous code used SLSQP with a few guesses and then DE. Maybe combining different methods or adjusting parameters could help.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h has a certain symmetry or structure. For example, maybe using periodic patterns or certain distributions of 1s and 0s. For instance, a piecewise constant function with specific intervals where h is 1 or 0, arranged to minimize overlaps.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more sophisticated optimization approach, such as Bayesian optimization, but that might be too slow. Or maybe using a gradient-based approach with better initial guesses.

But given the time constraints, maybe the key is to improve the initial guesses. The previous code used some generated pulses, triangles, and sawtooth waves as initial guesses. Maybe generating more varied initial guesses could help. For example, different frequencies or duty cycles.

Another thing: the current code uses differential evolution with popsize=50 and maxiter=50. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but that might take more time. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, so perhaps optimizing the DE parameters is better.

Wait, the user says that the code should be as concise as possible. So maybe trying to make the optimization more efficient, using a better initial guess, and maybe combining different strategies.

Also, the previous code tried multiple initial guesses and then iteratively improved them. Perhaps trying more initial guesses, or modifying the way the initial guesses are generated.

Another thought: the integral for C₅ is the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since this is a convolution-like operation, maybe certain shifts k are more critical. For example, shifts that align peaks of h with valleys of 1 - h. So, the optimal h should be designed to avoid such overlaps.

Alternatively, maybe using a try to model h as a series of intervals where it is either 0 or 1, and then optimize the positions and lengths of these intervals. But that might be complex with many variables.

Wait, the problem allows h to be a step function with samples. So perhaps the approach could be to represent h as a set of intervals where it is 1 or 0, and then optimize the positions and lengths of these intervals. But with the constraint that the integral is 1.

But in practice, the number of intervals would be limited, and it's not clear how to model that efficiently. However, maybe for a given number of intervals, we can model it as a piecewise constant function and optimize accordingly.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a gradient descent approach with a well-chosen initial guess. But gradient descent might get stuck in local minima unless the initial guess is good.

Another angle: the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to the maximum value of the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h. So, perhaps we can model this as an optimization problem where we want to minimize the maximum value of this cross-correlation. This is a minimax problem.

In optimization, minimax problems can be challenging. One approach is to use a penalty method, where we add a penalty term to the objective function that encourages the maximum value to be small. But this might be difficult to implement in practice.

Alternatively, since we need to find the minimum of the maximum, we can use a binary search approach. However, that might not be straightforward here.

But perhaps the key is to improve the initial guess. The previous code used some generated functions as initial guesses. Maybe generating other types of functions, like more complex periodic patterns, could lead to better results.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided. It's possible that this initial guess is already a good one, but maybe tweaking it with some perturbations could lead to better results.

Alternatively, maybe using a different approach altogether. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a more efficient selection and mutation process. But in the previous code, DE was used, which is a population-based method. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of generations could help, but again, time is a constraint.

Another idea: the problem is similar to designing a filter with minimal overlap. So perhaps there are known techniques from signal processing that could be applied. For instance, using orthogonal functions or some kind of orthogonal design to minimize the overlap.

Alternatively, using a lattice structure. For example, arranging h to have certain symmetries that minimize the overlap for all shifts. But I'm not sure how to model that concretely.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code. Let me think about possible improvements:

1. Use a better initial guess: maybe generate more diverse initial functions, not just pulses, triangles, and sawtooths. For example, combining different waveforms, or using random patterns.

2. Optimize the DE parameters. In the previous code, DE was run with popsize=50 and maxiter=50. Maybe increasing the popsize or allowing more iterations could help, but that might take longer.

3. Use a different optimization method for local refinement. The previous code used SLSQP after DE. Maybe using a different local method, or more aggressive parameters.

4. Incorporate more gradients. Since the objective function is differentiable, perhaps using a more sophisticated gradient-based method.

Alternatively, perhaps using a combination of different algorithms. For example, first using DE to find a good candidate, then using SLSQP to refine it.

Another thought: the problem has some symmetry. Since the domain is [0,2], maybe the optimal function is symmetric around 1. So, considering symmetric functions could reduce the search space.

But how to enforce that in the code? For example, generating symmetric functions as initial guesses.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points). Since the problem allows for smaller n_points (the user says smaller sequences are preferred), perhaps trying with a smaller number of samples would be faster. For example, if the initial guess has 45 samples, maybe trying with 30 or 20 samples first, and then refining. But the user's previous code used 45 samples, which is the initial_h_values length. However, the user might not have mentioned that. So, perhaps trying different n_points.

Wait, the user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe the code should try different n_points, but that adds complexity.

Alternatively, using the same n_points as the initial guess but with better optimization.

Hmm. Let me think about the previous code's approach. It starts with the initial_h_values and applies SLSQP on different guesses, then uses differential evolution to explore the space, then refines the best solution with SLSQP again. Maybe that's okay, but perhaps it's possible to use a different optimization strategy or better parameter settings.

Alternatively, instead of using SLSQP, use a more efficient method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, but that might not converge as well.

Another thought: the constraints are that the sum of h is fixed. The previous code uses an equality constraint. However, when optimizing, using a method that can handle constraints better might help. But the SLSQP and DE methods do handle constraints.

Wait, maybe the problem is that the current objective function has multiple local minima, and the initial guess isn't good enough. So, generating more diverse initial guesses could help.

For example, in addition to the pulses, triangles, and sawtooths, perhaps generating random functions with certain properties, likeRand functions that are sparse, or functions with certain patterns.

But how to generate such functions algorithmically?

Another approach: using a grid search over certain parameters. For example, for a function that's a combination of multiple intervals, or for certain frequency components. However, this could be too slow for high n_points.

Alternatively, using a randomized search where we generate random functions that satisfy the integral constraint, and then optimize them. For example, generating functions by randomly selecting positions for 1s and 0s, ensuring the sum is correct. But this might not be efficient.

Alternatively, using a random initialization with some structure. For instance, for the initial guesses, generate a function that's a sine wave with certain frequencies, or a random step function that's normalized.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to tweak the previous code's initial guesses and optimization parameters.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP after DE, maybe using a different local optimization method. For example, using a basin-hopping algorithm which combines local optimization with random perturbations. But that might require more code.

Alternatively, using a more aggressive termination condition in DE. For example, allowing more iterations or a smaller tolerance.

Another point: the current code uses the 'full' mode for correlation, which gives the full cross-correlation. However, the overlap integral for shifts k would be over the overlapping region. For shifts k that are larger than 2, the overlap might be zero, but the code likely considers all k in the range that gives some overlap. However, in the code, the correlation is computed with mode 'full', which for a length n array, gives a result of length 2n-1, but the actual integral for k would be determined by the overlap.

Wait, the problem's integral for C₅ is the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. So, when x +k is beyond the interval [0,2], the function 1 - h(x +k) is zero. So the integral limits are from max(0, -k) to min(2, 2 -k). However, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the cross-correlation for all possible lags, which corresponds to all possible k. So, the maximum of that array multiplied by dx would give the correct value.

So the code's approach of computing the cross-correlation with mode 'full' and then taking the maximum is correct.

Now, to improve the code, perhaps the main issue is the initial guesses. The previous code generated three different functions as guesses. Maybe adding more diversity in the initial guesses could help. For example, generating functions based on different combinations of parameters.

Alternatively, maybe using a different approach to generate initial guesses. For example, generating random functions that have certain properties, like having certain number of intervals, or being sparse.

Alternatively, using a combination of the initial guess and some random perturbations to explore the search space better.

Another idea: using a metaheuristic approach like Simulated Annealing, which could escape local minima better. But Simulated Annealing is usually slower, and with the time budget of 100 seconds, it might not be feasible unless optimized.

Alternatively, using a better local optimizer. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP with options like maxiter=200 and ftol=1e-9. Maybe increasing the maxiter or adjusting the tolerance could help.

Another thought: the DE method is population-based, and with a population size of 50, but maybe increasing the population size could lead to better exploration. However, that would take more time. The user's previous code runs DE with maxiter=50, which might be too few.

Alternatively, perhaps using a global optimization method like the differential evolution with more iterations, but then using aggressive local optimization steps.

But considering the time limit, maybe the best approach is to tweak the parameters of the existing methods.

So, let's think about modifying the previous code:

1. Increase the number of DE iterations to allow more exploration.

2. Use more initial guesses, for example, generating more than three types of functions.

3. Use a different initial guess, perhaps combining the initial_h_values with other functions.

4. Use different optimization methods for local refinement, maybe using a MIP solver if available, but the user mentioned using scipy and cvxpy with certain solvers.

But the user allows using cvxpy with solvers like ECOS, but maybe the problem can't be expressed as a convex optimization problem. Since the objective is to minimize the max of several functions, which is non-convex, convex optimization might not be applicable.

Therefore, perhaps the previous approach is better.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, which is a max over multiple integrals, we can try to find a balance between the different overlaps. The previous code's DE method might not be considering this balance, but the objective function is correct.

Another possible improvement: in the previous code, the DE method is called twice, with some iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in DE and/or the population size would help.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: DE followed by SLSQP, and then another DE with the best solution.

Let me think about how to implement this in code.

In the previous code, the DE is run twice, with some iterations. Maybe increasing the maxiter of DE from 50 to 100, or increasing the popsize from 50 to 100, but that would take more time. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps that's feasible.

Another thing: the initial_h_values is a starting point, and the code uses it as one of the guesses. Maybe generating other initial guesses based on that, by perturbing it or applying certain transformations.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the primary guess and then generating other guesses based on it.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values and then applying some transformations, like scaling it, shifting it, or introducing certain perturbations.

Additionally, in the previous code, the optimization function obj is the maximum of the cross-correlation, which is non-smooth and might be difficult for some optimizers. But the SLSQP method tries to minimize that, which is a constraint problem.

Another idea: the current code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the maxiter and tightening the ftol parameter could help find a better solution.

In summary, the plan is to:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.

- Generate more diverse initial guesses, such as different waveforms or random variations.

- Adjust the DE parameters (population size, maxiter) to allow better exploration.

- Use more iterations in DE and/or SLSQP optimization.

- Maybe introduce more local refinement steps with SLSQP.

Let me try to outline the code modifications.

The previous code uses:

guesses = [h]
guesses.append(gen_pulses(3, 0.5))
guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, 0.5))
guesses.append(gen_saw(3, 0.5))

Maybe add more guesses, like other frequencies or other waveforms. For example, generating a pulse with different frequency or duty cycle, or a more complex pattern.

Alternatively, generating a random initial guess that satisfies the integral constraint.

But generating a random guess with sum(h) = target_sum might be done by taking a random array and normalizing it, but that's not necessarily helpful. However, in the code, they could generate a random initial guess as an additional guess.

Alternatively, generating a initial guess as a sparse function, like having 0.5 of the samples as 1 and the rest as 0, but arranged to have the integral equal to 1.

But how to ensure the sum is correct. For example, with n_points samples, the sum should be n_points / 2 exactly. So, for a random initial guess, one could generate a random array and then adjust it to meet the sum constraint.

Alternatively, generate a random initial guess by choosing positions where h is 1, ensuring that the total sum is correct.

But this might take more code.

Alternatively, generate a function that is a random selection of 1s and 0s, but with the correct sum.

But for the purposes of generating initial guesses, it's easier to generate a random array and then scale it to meet the constraint.

In any case, the code could include more diverse guesses.

Another idea: instead of using the same three functions as before, generate more varied starting points. For example, combining different waveforms, or using a different frequency for some of them.

In the previous code, the gen_pulses, gen_triangle, gen_saw functions are called with freq=3. Maybe trying different frequencies could lead to better results.

For example, trying freq=2 or 4, or different duty cycles.

So, modifying the guesses to include different frequencies and duty cycles.

Alternatively, generating more guesses by varying these parameters.

In the current code, the guesses are only for freq=3 and duty=0.5. Maybe varying these parameters would give better initial points.

Another point: the code uses SLSQP after DE for refinement. But perhaps using a more aggressive approach for SLSQP, like increasing maxiter or allowing more iterations.

Moreover, the code runs DE twice, with some iterations. Maybe increasing the number of DE iterations and popsize would help explore the space better.

So, modifying the DE parameters to something like popsize=100, maxiter=100, but this would require checking if it's feasible within the time budget.

But the user's previous code used popsize=50, maxiter=50, which took some time. If the time is 100s, perhaps increasing the maxiter to 100 and popsize to 100 would take longer, but perhaps the code can handle it.

Another adjustment: the DE uses mutation parameters (0.6, 0.95), which controls the mutation strength. Maybe adjusting these to a different range.

Additionally, the code has a few SLSQP refinements. Perhaps adding more of those steps could help.

In the current code, after DE runs twice, there are 3 more SLSQP steps. Maybe increasing that number or modifying the parameters.

Putting this all together, the modified code would:

- Generate more initial guesses with varied parameters.

- Use improved DE parameters.

- Use more iterations for DE and SLSQP.

But given the time constraints, it's a balance between exploration and exploitation.

Another thing to consider: the initial_h_values could be a good starting point, but perhaps randomly perturbing it slightly and using that as an initial guess could help.

So, putting all this together, here's a plan for the code:

- Start with the initial_h_values as an initial guess.

- Generate additional guesses by varying frequencies and duty cycles for the pulse, triangle, and sawtooth functions.

- Run DE with higher population size and maxiter to explore the space.

- Perform multiple SLSQP refinements on the best solution found so far.

- Ensure that the number of iterations stays within the time budget.

Now, writing this in code.

First, the initial guesses could be modified to include more variations. For example:

guesses = [
    h,
    gen_pulses(3, 0.5),
    gen_pulses(4, 0.5),
    gen_pulses(2, 0.5),
    # Similarly for triangle and sawtooth with different frequencies
    gen_triangle(3, 0.5),
    gen_triangle(4, 0.5),
    gen_triangle(2, 0.5),
    gen_saw(3, 0.5),
    gen_saw(4, 0.5),
    gen_saw(2, 0.5),
]

But this would add more guesses. However, generating these functions may take time, but perhaps it's manageable.

Alternatively, generate random initial guesses.

But given the time, perhaps the code can be modified to generate more initial guesses, then run DE with better parameters, then refine with SLSQP.

In addition, adjusting the DE parameters to popsize=100 and maxiter=100, but that might take longer. But with the 100s budget, it's worth trying.

Another thing: the code may be optimized by not using the 'full' correlation, but perhaps precompute the shifts that are most critical. However, that's not straightforward.

Another idea: the previous code uses the same dx for all shifts. But since the integral is computed as the max over all k, perhaps for certain k, the overlap is more significant. But the code already considers all k.

In terms of code structure, here's how the code can be adjusted:

- Generate more initial guesses with varied frequencies.

- Run DE with higher parameters.

- Increase the number of SLSQP refinements.

So, modifying the previous code accordingly.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

Also, using the initial_h_values as the first guess, then generating additional guesses.

Other possible optimizations: using a different optimization method for DE, like using a different mutation strategy.

But given the time, perhaps the main changes are:

- More initial guesses with varied parameters.

- Higher DE parameters.

- More SLSQP refinement steps.

Now, writing the code with these modifications.

The code needs to be concise, so the helper functions can be kept as before.

So, the final code would involve generating more guesses, using better DE parameters, and increasing the number of refinement steps.

Also, considering the time budget, the code must not exceed 100 seconds.

Another thing: the code could use a different method for the initial guesses. For example, generating random functions that satisfy the integral constraint.

But for the code's brevity, perhaps generating more waveforms is better.

In conclusion, the code should be modified to generate more diverse initial guesses, use more aggressive DE parameters, and perform more SLSQP refinements.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    freqs = [1, 2, 3, 4]
    duties = [0.4, 0.5, 0.6]
    for f in freqs:
        for d in duties:
            guesses.append(gen_pulses(f, d))
            guesses.append(gen_triangle(f, d))
            guesses.append(gen_saw(f, d))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```