<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than that, like 0.380876. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize the step function h, but maybe I can do better with a different approach.

First, I remember that the Erdős problem involves finding a function h that minimizes the maximum overlap when shifted. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The constraints are that h is a step function on [0,2] with integral 1. 

The previous code starts with an initial guess and uses multiple optimization techniques. But maybe there's a smarter way. Let me think about the structure of the function h. Since it's a step function, maybe using a periodic or symmetric pattern could help. The initial guess might have some periodicity that can be exploited. 

The problem also mentions that for the previous code, a lower C₅ was achieved by using different starting points, like pulses, triangles, and sawtooth waves. Maybe I can generate more diverse initial guesses based on different waveforms or patterns. 

Another idea: the overlap integral can be seen as a convolution. The maximum value of the convolution of h with (1 - h) would determine C₅. So minimizing this maximum over all shifts k is the goal. Convolution properties might help in designing h to have lower peaks. 

But how to model this in optimization? The current approach uses numerical optimization with constraints. Maybe using a different optimization method, like genetic algorithms, or combining multiple heuristics could be better. However, the code has to run within 100 seconds, so efficiency is crucial. 

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution followed by SLSQP refinements. Maybe I can adjust the parameters of these algorithms. For example, increasing the population size in differential evolution or using a different mutation strategy. Also, maybe changing the starting points by generating more varied initial guesses. 

Another thought: the initial h_values might be a starting point, but perhaps a better initial guess is to use a more optimal pattern. For example, using a combination of pulses with certain spacing. Or maybe using a more complex structured function. 

Alternatively, maybe considering the problem from a mathematical perspective. The Erdős problem is related to the covering radius or discrepancy theory. Perhaps there's existing literature on optimal functions for this problem that could be translated into a step function. But since I can't look up references, I have to rely on heuristic methods. 

Let me think about the optimization strategy. The previous code uses SLSQP with constraints and differential evolution. Maybe switching to a different optimization library, like using scikit-learn's genetic algorithms or other methods, but the code has to use scipy, numpy, and the allowed solvers. 

Wait, the previous code uses scipy.optimize's SLSQP and differential_evolution. Maybe using a hybrid approach where I generate more initial guesses with different structures and then optimize each one. For example, generating initial guesses with different numbers of pulses, varying their positions and widths. 

Also, the function obj(h_vals) computes the maximum of the convolution. To minimize this, perhaps the function h should be designed to have minimal overlap across shifts. For instance, if h is a series of pulses spaced in a way that their shifted versions don't overlap much. 

Another idea: using a pattern that repeats every certain interval. For example, a periodic function with a period that divides 2, ensuring that when shifted by certain amounts, the overlap is minimized. 

But the function has to be a step function, so maybe using a piecewise constant function with specific breakpoints. 

Let's consider the initial_h_values. If I can generate a better initial guess by modifying it, that might help. For example, maybe splitting some regions where h is 1 into smaller intervals. 

Alternatively, using a more evenly distributed pattern. The initial guess might have regions where h is 1 and others where it's 0. To minimize overlap, maybe the 1s should be spaced out as much as possible. 

Wait, the integral of h is 1. So the total area under the curve is 1. For a step function, this means that the sum of the values multiplied by dx is 1. So, for example, if the step function has m intervals where it's 1, then the total length of those intervals is 1/dx. Since dx is 2/n_points, the total length is n_points/2. So, the number of intervals where h is 1 is determined by how the values are set. 

Maybe the initial guess has too many overlaps. To reduce the maximum overlap, the function h should be structured so that when shifted, it doesn't cover too much of the original function. 

Perhaps using a greedy approach: start with the initial guess, and then iteratively adjust the values to reduce the maximum overlap. But how to implement that? 

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach where the population consists of different step functions, and the fitness is the C₅ value. But again, the code needs to be efficient. 

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of guesses (pulses, triangle, sawtooth). Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses by varying parameters. For example, different frequencies, duty cycles, or combining multiple waveforms. 

Wait, the code has a gen_pulses, gen_triangle, and gen_saw functions. Maybe adding more waveforms, like square waves with different phases, or combining multiple pulses. 

Alternatively, using a combination of different waveforms. For example, a function that is a square wave modulated with a triangular wave. 

But perhaps I should focus on the optimization method. The previous code uses differential evolution with a population of 50, which could be improved. Maybe increasing the population size or adjusting the mutation parameters. 

Another idea: using a more advanced solver like IPOPT, which is a higher-level optimization method. However, the code is restricted to scipy's solvers. 

Wait, the code uses SLSQP, which is a Sequential Least Squares Programming algorithm, suitable for constrained optimization. Maybe using a different approach, like simulated annealing, but the code has to be within the time budget. 

Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach, which might be faster. But implementing PSO from scratch might take more code and time. 

Another point: the previous code uses a fixed number of guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses by perturbing the existing ones. For example, taking the initial guess, creating variations by changing some values, and optimizing those. 

Also, the code could benefit from checking the time spent in each phase. For instance, allocating more time to differential evolution and less to the SLSQP refinements. 

Let me outline a possible plan:

1. Start with the initial_h_values and generate several initial guesses with different structures (like pulses, triangle, etc.).
2. Use differential evolution with a larger population or different parameters to explore the solution space more thoroughly.
3. Apply SLSQP refinement to each of the best solutions found during the differential evolution.
4. Use a hybrid approach where after some iterations, the best solution is further refined with SLSQP.
5. Consider generating more initial guesses by varying parameters of the waveforms (like frequency, duty cycle), and perhaps combining multiple waveforms.

But how to implement this within the code? The previous code already has some of these steps, but maybe I can make it more efficient.

Wait, the previous code uses 3 initial guesses, then runs differential evolution for a few iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses or varying the parameters for each guess could help. 

Also, the current code uses the same bounds and constraints for all optimizations. Maybe adjusting the tolerances or the maximum number of iterations could lead to better results. 

Another idea: the correlation is computed as np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full'). The maximum of this is the C₅ value. To minimize this, the function h should be designed so that for all shifts, the product h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) is small. 

This could be viewed as a problem of ensuring that h and 1 - h are as non-overlapping as possible when shifted. So, perhaps the optimal h is such that 1 - h is 1 where h is 0, and vice versa, but since h is a step function with integral 1, this is impossible. Hence, the goal is to make their overlapping as minimal as possible. 

Perhaps designing h to be a series of intervals where it is 1 and 0, spaced in a way that their shifted versions overlap minimally. For example, a striped pattern with alternating 1s and 0s, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint. 

But with the integral constraint, the total length of 1s is fixed. So, if I have a periodic pattern of 1s and 0s, the spacing between the 1s would determine the overlap. 

Let me think of a specific example. Suppose the function h is made of m intervals where it's 1, each of length l. The total area is m*l*dx = 1, so m*l = n_points/2. The spacing between the intervals would affect the overlap. If the intervals are spaced such that their shifts don't overlap, then the overlap integral would be small. However, since the function is over [0,2], the spacing has to be such that shifting by certain amounts doesn't cause overlaps. 

For example, if the intervals are spaced more than twice the length of each interval apart, then shifting by half the interval length would not cause overlaps. But this is just a rough idea. 

Alternatively, using a pattern where the intervals are distributed regularly. For example, placing the 1s in positions that are equally spaced. This would minimize the maximum overlap. 

But how to implement this? It would require determining the optimal spacing. 

Another approach is to model this as a binary optimization problem where each point in h is either 0 or 1, but since the problem allows for any value between 0 and 1, it's more complex. However, perhaps approximating h as a combination of intervals where it is either 0 or 1, which is similar to a binary step function. 

But the previous code uses continuous values, which might allow for better optimization. 

Perhaps the key is to generate a good initial guess. For instance, if the current initial_h_values isn't the best, perhaps modifying it by adjusting the positions and widths of the intervals. 

Alternatively, using a more systematic way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a random selection of positions and widths for the intervals, ensuring the integral is 1. 

But how to ensure that the initial guesses are diverse enough to avoid local optima. 

In the previous code, they use different waveforms as initial guesses. Maybe adding more types of waveforms, or varying the parameters of those waveforms. 

Wait, the current code includes gen_pulses, gen_triangle, gen_saw. Maybe generating other patterns, like a sine wave modulated with a square wave, or a combination of multiple pulses. 

Alternatively, using a more complex structure, such as a combination of multiple waveforms. 

But the code has to be concise. So maybe generating several different waveforms as initial guesses. 

Another thought: the correlation function for the overlap is computed as the maximum over all k. To minimize this, the function h must be designed to have minimal overlap for the worst-case shift. 

This seems similar to a Chebyshev problem where you want to minimize the maximum deviation. Perhaps applying techniques from approximation theory here. 

But I'm not sure how to translate that into a step function. 

Alternatively, using a numerical method that directly minimizes the maximum of the correlation. This is a min-max optimization problem, which can be challenging. 

The previous code uses differential evolution which is effective for global optimization. But maybe adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution to explore more effectively. For example, increasing the mutation rate or using a different recombination strategy. 

Also, considering the time budget, perhaps the code could run multiple differential evolution runs with varying parameters. 

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum value, the maximum is a non-smooth function, which can make optimization difficult. Using a smoothing technique or transforming the problem into a different form might help. 

Alternatively, using a penalty method where the objective function includes a penalty for large values of the correlation. But again, the code has to use existing solvers. 

So, to summarize, possible improvements to the previous code:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses by varying parameters of different waveforms.
2. Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution (population size, mutation, etc.) to explore the solution space better.
3. Use more SLSQP refinements on the best solutions found.
4. Check if the initial_h_values can be improved by adjusting it before optimization.
5. Consider combining multiple optimization strategies and heuristics.

Now, considering the code structure. The previous code starts with the initial_h_values, generates a few guesses, runs DE, and applies SLSQP. Let me think of modifying this.

Maybe adding more initial guesses with different waveforms. For example, creating a square wave with different duty cycles, or combining multiple pulses. 

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach where the population consists of different step functions, but since scipy doesn't have a built-in GA, perhaps using a manual implementation. 

However, given the time constraints, it's better to stick closer to the existing approach but optimize the parameters. 

Another point: the previous code uses a fixed number of guesses (3) and then runs DE. What if we increase the number of initial guesses, or generate them in different ways? For example, generating several versions with different frequencies or duty cycles. 

Also, the code has a gen_saw function, which is a sawtooth wave. Maybe generating a function that is a combination of two sawtooth waves with different frequencies. 

But again, how to implement this concisely. 

Another idea: when generating initial guesses, use different patterns. For example, a function that is 1 in the first half and 0 in the second, but that's likely to have a high overlap. 

Alternatively, using a more balanced pattern. 

Now, the code has to be written in Python, using the allowed libraries. 

Let me think about the code structure. The run function takes seed, budget, etc. The previous code uses the initial_h_values. 

Maybe I can modify the code to generate more initial guesses, like varying the frequency and duty cycle of the pulses and waveforms. For example, using different values for the frequency parameter in the gen_pulses, gen_triangle, etc. functions. 

Also, the code has a loop that runs the guesses and then differential evolution. Maybe adding more guesses with different configurations would help. 

Another thing: in the current code, the DE runs for a limited number of iterations. Maybe increasing that. But with the time budget, it's possible to adjust the parameters. 

So, the plan is to modify the code to:

- Generate more initial guesses with different parameters (e.g., different frequencies, duty cycles, or waveforms).
- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters (e.g., larger population, more iterations).
- Apply SLSQP refinement more thoroughly.
- Possibly tweak the objective function to de-emphasize the correlation maximum, but that's not straightforward.

Now, let me try to code this. The previous code has a part where guesses are created. Maybe adding more guesses by varying parameters. 

For example:

In the guesses list, instead of adding just three guesses, create multiple variations. Like, varying the frequency and duty cycle for each waveform. 

But how to do that without generating too many guesses. 

Another idea: using different waveforms for initial guesses, such as square waves, triangle waves, sawtooth waves, and maybe others. 

In addition, perhaps using a function that is a combination of a pulse and a triangle wave. 

Alternatively, generating a random initial guess that meets the constraints. 

But generating random guesses might not be efficient. 

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as a base and perturbing it. 

In any case, the code needs to be concise. 

Let me think about the code. The current code defines gen_pulses, gen_triangle, gen_saw, and adds those as guesses. Maybe modifying those functions to allow for different frequencies and duty cycles. 

For example, the gen_pulses function takes freq and duty as parameters. What if I generate several pulses with different frequencies and duty cycles? 

But since the code is limited in length, maybe creating a few more guesses by adjusting the parameters. 

Now, implementing this in code: 

For example:

guesses = [
    h,
    gen_pulses(3, 0.5),
    gen_pulses(4, 0.5),
    gen_triangle(3, 0.5),
    gen_saw(3, 0.5),
    gen_saw(4, 0.5),
]

This adds more initial guesses with varying frequencies. 

This could help explore different patterns. 

Another thing: the differential evolution in the previous code uses a population of 50 and 50 iterations. Maybe increasing the population size to 100 or reducing the maxiter to 100 to fit within the time budget. 

Also, in the code, after DE, it runs SLSQP refinements. Maybe increasing the number of times SLSQP is applied. 

Another point: the current code uses a fixed number of DE iterations. Perhaps limiting the time spent in DE and allowing more SLSQP refinements. 

Another possible optimization is to precompute the correlation function more efficiently, but the current code already uses np.correlate which is efficient. 

In terms of code structure, the previous code uses the initial_h_values and then generates guesses. 

In the new code, perhaps generating more initial guesses and varying the parameters. 

Now, putting this into code. 

So, the revised code would include more guesses with different parameters, adjust the DE parameters, and possibly refine more. 

Also, the code has to stay within the time budget. 

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed seed. Maybe varying the seed could help, but the function's seed is fixed to 42. 

Alternatively, the code could explore different seeds if allowed, but the run function is called with a fixed seed. 

In any case, the main changes would be to generate more initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters. 

Now, the final code would include these changes, ensuring it's within the character limit and runs efficiently. 

I need to write the code, making sure that it includes these modifications and uses the initial_h_values as the starting point, and tries various guesses.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_square(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        return np.clip(np.abs(np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [
        h,
        gen_pulses(3, 0.5),
        gen_pulses(4, 0.6),
        gen_triangle(3, 0.4),
        gen_saw(2, 0.7),
        gen_square(2, 0.6),
    ]
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=40,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```