<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of different optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess. The goal is to get a lower C₅ value than the current record of 0.38085.

First, I should understand what the problem is asking. The task is to find a step function h over [0, 2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and its integral over [0,2] is 1.

The previous approach used various initial guesses, including pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Then applied SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. The current best is 0.381142, which is slightly worse than the target of 0.380876. The user wants a better approach.

Hmm. So, what can be different? Let me think about optimization strategies. The previous code uses multiple guesses and different methods, but maybe there's a better way to structure the search. Maybe using a different initial guess, or adjusting the optimization parameters?

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be approached with a more structured method. For example, using a genetic algorithm or a different type of optimization. But with the time budget of 100 seconds, and only 1 CPU, it's important to keep the code efficient.

Another idea: since the function is periodic over [0,2], maybe the optimal function has some symmetry or regular structure. For example, maybe a function with a specific number of pulses or a certain pattern that periodically repeats.

Wait, the initial guess is given as initial_h_values, with n=45 samples. Maybe that's a 45-point construction. But perhaps using a different number of points could be more efficient. For example, maybe using fewer points could lead to faster convergence, but the code's constraints say that smaller sequences (less than 1k samples) are preferred. But the current code uses 45 points, which is manageable.

Alternatively, maybe using a different type of initial guess. For instance, instead of pulses, maybe using a combination of different shapes, or a more optimized initial structure.

Another thought: the overlap integral is equivalent to the maximum correlation between h and (1 - h shifted by k). The maximum value over all k. So, perhaps the problem can be framed as minimizing the maximum correlation between the function and its shifted version.

In signal processing terms, this is like finding a function that has minimal cross-correlation with itself when shifted. Maybe there are known techniques for this, but I'm not sure.

Another approach: the problem is similar to designing a binary sequence with low autocorrelation. However, here the function is a step function, and not necessarily binary. But the idea of minimizing overlapping areas could be related.

Wait, the previous code uses a combination of different functions as starting points, like pulses and triangles. Maybe we can explore more diverse initial guesses or use a more efficient optimization method.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more advanced optimization library. For example, COBYLA, which is derivative-free, might be better for constrained problems. Or maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the search space more effectively.

But given the time constraints, using a hybrid approach might be better. Let me consider what the previous code does. It uses SLSQP with multiple initial guesses, then differential evolution, then refining with SLSQP again. Maybe the problem is that the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. So, perhaps a better way is to use a global optimization method first to find a good starting point, then refine.

Wait, the code uses differential evolution but with a limited number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of generations or adjusting the parameters could help. Also, the previous code uses 120 individuals in the population. Maybe swapping that with a smaller population and more iterations?

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method like genetic algorithms. But the available scipy.optimize methods include differential evolution and SLSQP.

Another idea: the initial guess is built with functions like pulses and triangles. Maybe using more structured patterns, such as a higher number of pulses with varying duty cycles, but spaced in a way that minimizes overlap.

Wait, the problem requires that the integral over [0,2] is 1. So, the area under h is 1. For a step function, that would mean that the total length of the intervals where h is 1 is 1. So, if we have multiple intervals (steps) where h is 1, each of some length, sum of lengths is 1. Then the function h is 1 on those intervals and 0 elsewhere. Wait no, no, because h(x) is a step function, but the integral is 1. So if it's a step function with values 0 or 1, then the integral would be the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h is 1. So, for example, if you have n intervals, each with length l_i, then sum l_i = 1. But maybe the function is not binary, but can take other values between 0 and 1. But the initial code uses step functions, but the problem allows any step function. Wait, the problem says that the function is a step function. Wait, the problem defines h as a step function. Wait, no, the problem says "Represent h as n_points samples over [0, 2]." So, it's a piecewise constant function with n_points segments? Or is it a step function meaning it can have any number of steps, but the samples are uniform? Probably, the h_values are samples at equally spaced points, and the function is piecewise constant between those points.

But the exact representation is not clear. However, the user has provided an initial_h_values array, which is a 45-point array, so that's the starting point.

Perhaps the key is to model the function in a way that the overlapping areas are minimized. For instance, if the function h(x) is designed so that when shifted by any k, the overlapping regions are as small as possible.

Another idea is to model the problem as an optimization where the integral over each shift is minimized. But since it's the maximum over k, the optimization is to find a function that suffers the least worst-case overlap.

Perhaps a better approach is to use a different optimization strategy. For example, instead of using a fixed number of initial points, maybe using a greedy approach where we iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, using a more efficient method for the optimization, like using a global optimization algorithm with better exploration capabilities. Differential evolution might be good, but maybe with different parameters.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution with popsize=120, maxiter=100. Maybe reducing the popsize but increasing maxiter? Or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Another possible improvement: using a better initial guess. The initial guess is given as initial_h_values. But maybe generating a better initial guess. For example, using a more optimized initial structure, such as a function that's already known to perform better or has certain properties.

Alternatively, using a more diverse set of initial guesses. For example, generating multiple different patterns, like different pulse widths, offsets, etc., and then optimizing them.

But since the time is limited, perhaps focusing on the optimization steps. Maybe the code is spending too much time on initial guesses, and not enough on refining. Perhaps the code can be modified to spend more time on the differential evolution step or on the SLSQP refinement.

Another thought: the previous code uses the 'full' mode of correlation, which gives a longer result. However, the maximum is taken over all k. But perhaps the actual maximum occurs at specific k values. For example, for a function defined on [0,2], the shift k can be in [-2, 2], but due to the function's periodicity or other factors. However, the correlation in 'full' mode includes all possible shifts, which might be computationally expensive. But with the current code, the optimization is done over the samples, so the corresponding k values are integers times dx. Wait, the original problem involves integrating over the real line, but here the samples are discrete. So, when the function is sampled at n_points points with spacing dx, the correlation is computed over shifts that are multiples of dx. Therefore, the maximum is over these discrete shifts. However, the original problem is continuous, so perhaps the code is approximating that.

But regardless, the code is working with the sampled version. So, the previous approach uses the correlation of h with (1-h), then takes the maximum, multiplied by dx. That's the overlap integral.

Now, the key is to find a function h that minimizes this maximum.

Another idea: since the problem is similar to the covering problem, perhaps using a convolutional neural network approach, but that would require more complex setup and time, which may not be feasible within 100 seconds.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method for the constrained problem. For example, using a sequential quadratic programming approach with better tuning of parameters.

Alternatively, maybe trying different starting guesses. The previous code tried several types, like pulse, sawtooth, triangle, random. Maybe adding more types, such as rectangular pulses with different widths, or functions that are more symmetric.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the most effective way is to adjust the optimization parameters and the way the initial guesses are generated.

Wait, the previous code uses a variety of initial guesses, including different frequencies and duty cycles. For example, for pulse functions with different frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe generating similar functions but with more varied parameters could help escape local minima.

Alternatively, using a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a function that's optimized for minimal overlap. But without prior knowledge of such functions, this is challenging.

Let me think about the code structure. The code uses multiple initial guesses, runs SLSQP on each, then differential evolution, then refinement. The problem might be that the initial guesses aren't diverse enough, leading to local optima.

Another possibility is that the 'SLSQP' method is getting stuck, so switching to another method. But with the given scipy.optimize, maybe using 'COBYLA' instead, which is also a constrained optimization method.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, first using differential evolution to find a good starting point, then refining with SLSQP.

Wait, the code already does that. So perhaps the differential evolution parameters are not optimized. For example, increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the mutation rate.

Another thought: the code uses a fixed number of initial guesses, but maybe generating more diverse ones. For example, generating a random function with specific properties, or using a different pattern.

But generating more guesses may take more time. So, maybe the code can be modified to use a more efficient way of generating initial guesses.

Alternatively, the code could focus on a specific type of function that's known to be good for this problem. For example, using a function with a certain number of pulses or steps arranged to minimize overlaps.

But since the initial guess is already a 45-point array, maybe that's a good starting point. However, the previous code starts with that and then uses other guesses.

Alternatively, using a different representation of the function. For example, instead of using a step function, maybe using a more efficient method, but the problem requires it to be a step function.

Another idea: the current code uses the same function for all shifts. However, the maximum is taken over all shifts. So, maybe the code could focus on minimizing the maximum by considering specific shifts that are likely to be problematic.

But how to model that? It's unclear.

Alternatively, using a different metric. For example, instead of minimizing the maximum over all shifts, perhaps optimizing for the average overlap, but that might not directly help with the maximum.

Hmm. Another approach is to consider that the overlap integral for k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. Since we're integrating over x, and shifting by k, perhaps this is equivalent to the integral over x of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x) h(x +k) dx. But since the integral of h is 1, then the overlap integral becomes 1 - integral of h(x) h(x +k) dx. So, the problem is to minimize the maximum over k of [1 - integral h(x) h(x +k) dx], which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of integral h(x) h(x +k) dx over k. Therefore, the maximum overlap integral C5 is 1 - min_k integral h(x)h(x +k) dx. So, to minimize C5, we need to maximize the minimum of the cross-correlation between h and itself for any shift k.

This is similar to the concept of maximizing the minimum autocorrelation of a function. This might be more familiar in signal processing or coding theory. However, I'm not sure of the exact methods for this.

In that case, perhaps the problem can be reframed as maximizing the minimum (over k) of the autocorrelation function. So, the goal is to design a function h such that its autocorrelation is as uniform as possible, avoiding large peaks.

This is similar to the design of low-autocorrelation sequences. For example, binary sequences with low autocorrelation are used in radar and communications. However, the current problem is for a continuous function over [0,2], not a binary sequence.

But perhaps there are known methods or structures that can be adapted. For example, using a function that is periodic with certain properties, or using a function with a flat autocorrelation.

For instance, a function that is a square wave (like initial guesses) has a specific autocorrelation. But perhaps combining multiple square waves in a way that reduces the maximum autocorrelation.

But without more specific knowledge, it's hard to proceed. So perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code, optimizing the parameters and initial guesses.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is run 5 times, with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations would allow better exploration, but that may take more time. Alternatively, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Another thing to note: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different patterns could help. For example, generating functions with different numbers of pulses, or different spacing.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess, but with a higher chance of being good. For example, generating a random function and then adjusting it to meet the integral constraint. The code already has a 'gen_random' function for this.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, the 'L-BFGS-B' method is more efficient for certain types of problems. However, it requires the constraints to be handled properly, and with the integral constraint, it may be possible.

But given the constraints, the SLSQP method is suitable for handling the equality constraint.

Another idea: the current code may be spending too much time on initial guesses. Maybe focusing on the initial guess provided by the user (initial_h_values) and refining it thoroughly, rather than generating many other guesses.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, first using differential evolution with a good set of initial guesses, then refining with SLSQP for a long time.

To implement these ideas, I could modify the code to:

1. Start with the initial_h_values and perform an exhaustive refinement.
2. Use a more efficient optimization method.
3. Tune the parameters of the optimization to allow deeper exploration.
4. Use a more effective initial guess generation, perhaps based on some known structures.

But given the time constraints, I need to make sure the code runs within 100 seconds.

Another idea: instead of using multiple initial guesses, maybe using a single, well-structured initial guess and applying a more aggressive optimization. For example, using a higher number of iterations in SLSQP or differential evolution.

Alternatively, using a combination of local and global optimization. For example, using differential evolution to find a good solution, then using SLSQP to refine it further.

But how to implement this efficiently?

Let me think about possible code changes. For example, instead of trying many initial guesses and then DE, maybe focus on the initial guess and then perform multiple rounds of optimization.

But the previous code already does that. Maybe the code can be adjusted to spend more time on the refinement steps.

Another thought: the current code uses 'ftol=1e-11' for SLSQP, which is very tight. Maybe relaxing the tolerance slightly could allow faster convergence, and then further refining.

Alternatively, using a different tolerance for different steps.

Another possible optimization: vectorize the objective function. However, the current code uses the 'np.correlate' function, which is already vectorized. So that's probably as efficient as possible.

Another point: the number of points. The initial code uses 45 samples. Maybe using more points could lead to a better solution, but the code is supposed to use smaller sequences. The user said that smaller sequences are preferred. However, the previous code uses 45 points. Maybe a different number of points could be better.

But the user's example uses 45 points, which is manageable.

Another possible improvement is to consider that the function's structure can be periodic or symmetric. For example, if h(x) is symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], it might reduce the overlaps. Or design the function to have certain periodicity.

But without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to incorporate.

In conclusion, the key is to improve the optimization process. Perhaps by:

- Using a more effective initial guess.
- Adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods (like increasing the maxiter in DE, using a different method).
- Focusing more on the refinement steps.
- Generating more diverse initial guesses.

So, modifying the code to address these points.

Let me think about the code structure. The current code:

- Starts with initial_h_values.
- Defines the objective function as the maximum of the correlation.
- Defines the constraint of the integral being 1.
- Uses SLSQP with multiple initial guesses.
- Then uses differential evolution with some parameters.
- Then performs several rounds of refinement.

To improve this, perhaps:

1. Use the initial guess as the primary candidate, and refine it heavily.

2. Use a more efficient optimization method, like using 'SLSQP' with a larger number of iterations, or a global method like differential evolution with more iterations.

3. Generate more diverse initial guesses.

But given the time, I need to make the code as efficient as possible.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed set of initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses by varying parameters. For example, generating pulses with different frequencies and duty cycles, triangle waves, etc.

Alternatively, perhaps the current code could benefit from using a different initial guess generation method. For example, creating functions with different patterns, like aperiodic pulses.

Another possible change: use the 'initial_h_values' as the starting point, then perform a series of local optimizations with different perturbations.

But how to implement this?

Alternatively, since the code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimizer, maybe running it longer or with better parameters.

In the current code, the differential evolution is called with maxiter=100, which may not be enough. Increasing that could help, but may take more time. Also, the mutation and recombination parameters could be adjusted.

For example, using mutation=(0.6, 0.9), recombination=0.8.

But given the time budget, I need to balance between exploring and refining.

Another possible change: replacing the 'optimize.differential_evolution' with a different method.

But in the end, the code must return the best solution found within the time.

In summary, my plan for the new code is:

- Start with the initial_h_values.
- Perform an initial optimization using SLSQP with the initial guess.
- Then, run differential evolution with more iterations and better parameters.
- Refine the result with SLSQP.
- Possibly use multiple initial guesses but with more efficient strategies.

But to keep the code manageable, I'll modify the previous code to use a different initial guess generation, adjust the DE parameters, and refine more.

Also, considering that the code may be too slow, perhaps reducing the number of initial guesses and focusing on better optimization steps.

Alternatively, using a single initial guess and heavily refining it.

But given that the previous code already tried multiple guesses, perhaps the main issue is the optimization parameters.

Another possible adjustment is to use the 'SLSQP' method with a higher maximum iteration count, allowing for more refinement.

But in the current code, the refinement loop runs 15 times with 300 iterations each, which may be too much time.

Alternatively, adjust the number of iterations based on remaining time.

But the code must manage the time budget.

In the end, I think the best approach is to modify the code to use more efficient parameters for the optimization steps, perhaps increase the number of iterations for differential evolution and adjust other parameters, and focus on refining the best candidate thoroughly.

So, the new code would:

- Start with the initial_h_values.
- Perform a single SLSQP optimization on the initial guess.
- Run differential evolution with more iterations.
- Refine the result with SLSQP, but with a limited number of iterations.

But I need to code this.

Another idea: the initial code uses multiple initial guesses, which may be time-consuming. To save time, perhaps use only the initial guess and a few other carefully chosen ones.

Alternatively, use a more effective optimization method, such as a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP.

Putting this all together, here's how I can modify the code:

- Reduce the number of initial guesses to be more efficient.
- Use DE with more iterations and better parameters.
- Refine more thoroughly with SLSQP.
- Use the initial guess as the starting point.

Thus, the code would be structured to focus on refining the initial guess and a few other guesses with better optimization parameters.

Another possible optimization: since the code uses the 'full' correlation mode, but the maximum is over all shifts, perhaps precomputing the relevant shifts and focusing on them. However, that might not be feasible with the current setup.

In conclusion, adjusting the parameters and initial guesses, and focusing on efficient optimization steps should lead to a better result.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.4, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 12):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(4, duty))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```