<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and my goal is to get even lower. The previous code tried using a variety of starting points and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better way.

First, let me understand the problem again. The task is to find a step function h on [0, 2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h stays between 0 and 1.

The previous approach used an initial guess and then tried different optimization methods. But maybe it's stuck in local minima. How can I improve this?

Hmm. The previous code used several guess functions like pulses, triangles, and sawtooth waves. Maybe I can try other shapes or more sophisticated starting points. Also, the optimization method might be too slow or not effective. Perhaps using different solvers or parameters?

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe combining both? Or trying more effective initial guesses?

Another thought: the problem is similar to optimal control or some sort of coverage problem. Maybe using a more structured approach, like dividing the interval into segments and optimizing their positions?

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm with better parameters? Or a Bayesian optimization approach? But the time budget is tight.

Wait, the user mentioned that using different algorithmic ideas could help. Let me think: what if I model the problem as an optimization with explicit constraints and use a more efficient solver?

Wait, the current code uses scipy.optimize's SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe using a different method, like a gradient-based method with more refined steps, or a better initialization?

Another angle: the problem is about minimizing the maximum value of the convolution. Since convolution is involved, maybe there's some transform domain approach, like Fourier analysis, that could help? For example, the overlap integral could be expressed in terms of the Fourier transforms of h and 1-h. But I'm not sure how to turn that into an optimization problem.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be approximated by considering the function h as a series of rectangles or other shapes, and then optimizing their positions and widths.

But given the time constraints, maybe the key is to improve the initial guess and the optimization process. For example, if the initial_h_values is a starting point, maybe I can generate more diverse initial guesses by perturbing it or applying transformations.

Wait, the previous code tried generating pulses, triangle, and sawtooth waves with certain frequencies and duties. Maybe I can try other waveforms or more complex patterns?

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method, like using a basin-hopping algorithm, which randomly perturbs the solution and uses local optimization. That could help escape local minima.

Also, maybe the current optimization is too slow. For example, the differential evolution might be too time-consuming. Let's see: in the previous code, they run differential evolution for a few iterations. Maybe increasing the population size or changing parameters could help, but within the time budget.

Another idea: since the integral is over a finite interval, maybe discretizing the problem more cleverly. Wait, the code uses n_points samples, and dx is 2.0 / n_points. The user prefers smaller n_points for speed, but the current initial_h_values has n=45. Maybe trying a different n_points? But the user says that smaller sequences (less than 1k) are preferred. But the initial is 45 samples. Maybe using that as the base and trying to optimize with it?

Alternatively, maybe the current approach is not finding the right local minima. How can I generate more diverse initial guesses?

Another thought: The maximum overlap integral is a bit like a convolution. So perhaps the optimal h is one that "splits" the interval into parts where h is 1 and 0 in such a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, arranging h to be high in some regions and low in others, with spacing between them to avoid overlaps.

Maybe trying to model h as a set of intervals. For example, if h is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, and arranged to minimize overlaps. But how to model that?

But since the problem allows for any step function (not just piecewise constant), perhaps a better approach is to use a more structured way to position the intervals. For example, placing the intervals in such a way that their shifted versions don't overlap too much.

Alternatively, perhaps using a greedy approach: place the first segment, then the next segment as far as possible from the first to minimize overlap, and so on. But this is heuristic and might not work well.

Wait, the problem requires that the integral of h is 1. So the total length of the segments where h is 1 is 1. So, maybe the optimal h is to divide the interval into several segments of different lengths that are spaced apart.

But how to compute that? For example, if I have two segments of length 0.5 each, placed 1 unit apart. Then shifting by 1 would cause overlap?

But this is getting complicated. Let me think about the previous approach. The current code uses different initial guesses and then optimizes. Maybe to improve, I can generate more initial guesses, perhaps by using different patterns and then optimize them with better parameters.

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm, which is more suitable for global optimization. But scipy doesn't have a built-in GA. Alternatively, using the differential evolution with better parameters.

Wait, in the previous code, the differential evolution runs with popsize=50, maxiter=50. Maybe increasing the iterations or adjusting the parameters could help. However, with the time budget, even that might be too slow.

Another idea: since the problem has a certain structure, maybe the optimal h has a certain symmetry or periodicity. For example, if h is symmetric around 1.0, or has some repeating pattern. Maybe trying to enforce such symmetries could help find better solutions.

Alternatively, the current code uses a single initial guess and then a few other generated functions. Maybe generating more initial guesses based on different patterns, like varying frequencies and duty cycles.

Wait, in the previous code, the generate_pulses, generate_triangle, generate_saw functions are used. Maybe generating more such functions with different parameters could lead to better initial guesses.

Another thing: the current code uses the same constraints for all optimizations. Maybe sometimes relaxing the constraints during the optimization steps and then tightening them could help? Not sure.

Hmm. Also, in the previous code, after generating initial guesses, they run SLSQP on them. Maybe using a more efficient local optimizer, like L-BFGS-B, with some constraints. But SLSQP is a general-purpose method.

Another angle: the problem is about minimizing the maximum of the convolution. So perhaps the maximum is achieved at certain shifts k, and we can try to minimize the worst-case overlap. Maybe focusing on optimizing for those specific shifts.

Alternatively, perhaps using a multi-objective optimization approach, trying to minimize all possible overlaps simultaneously, but that might be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the overlap. Since the overlap is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)), perhaps instead of computing all possible k's, we can focus on the most critical k's where the maximum is likely to occur. But how?

Alternatively, limiting the range of k considered. For example, since the function is defined over [0,2], the shifts k that matter are in the range [-2, 2]. But when x is in [0,2], x+k must also be within [0,2] for the integral to be non-zero. So the valid shifts k are such that x + k is in [0,2] for some x. Which implies that k is between (0 - x) and (2 - x). So for x in [0,2], the shift k is in [-x, 2 -x]. So the maximum k is 2, and the minimum k is -2. But the integral is over x, so shifting by k would imply that for x in [0,2], the overlap is h(x)(1-h(x+k)) when x +k is in [0,2]. So when k is positive, the overlap region is when x is in [0, 2 -k], and when k is negative, x ranges in [-k, 2].

But regardless, the integral is computed over x in [0,2], and for each k, the overlap is the integral of h(x) * (1-h(x+k)) dx, where x is such that x +k is in [0,2].

But the code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which computes for all possible shifts. That's correct.

So, the problem is to minimize the maximum of those correlations.

Given that, perhaps the optimal solution has certain properties. For example, the function h might be designed to have equal spacing between intervals where it is 1. For instance, if h is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, placed such that they are spaced apart. For example, if h is 1 on [0, 0.5], [1, 1.5], [2, 2.5], but those intervals would overlap when shifted. Wait, not sure.

Alternatively, if h is constructed to have a certain periodic pattern that minimizes the overlap. For example, like a checkerboard pattern, but on a continuous interval.

But how to model that? Maybe using a Fourier series approach, but that might get too complex.

Another thought: The current code uses a seed, so maybe trying different seeds or perturbing the initial guess could lead to better results. However, the user wants the run function to be deterministic given the same seed.

Alternatively, using a randomized optimization approach with multiple restarts.

Another idea: Since the previous code tried various initial guesses and used differential evolution, perhaps adding more initial guesses with different patterns could help. For example, combining different waveforms or creating more complex patterns.

Wait, in the previous code, the initial guess is the initial_h_values, then they generate pulses and triangles and sawtooth. Maybe adding more guesses, like combining them or using different frequencies and duties.

Alternatively, trying to use more structured heuristics. For example, arranging the intervals of h to be as evenly spaced as possible.

But how to translate that into code?

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is influenced by the spacing between segments of h. So, if the h function is 1 in certain regions and 0 in others, the optimal placement would be when these regions are spaced such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

But how to model that?

Maybe using a binary optimization approach where the function h is a set of intervals. Then, the problem becomes choosing the positions and lengths of these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap. But this is a discrete problem, which is hard. However, since h can be a step function with any number of steps, perhaps using a binary representation of the h function.

But since the function is continuous, this is challenging. However, perhaps using a greedy approach for the step function. For example, placing as many segments as possible spaced to minimize overlap.

But given that the optimization is over a continuous space, integrating the step function with some constraints.

Another thought: The current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimizer like differential evolution with more iterations or a better configuration. But the time is limited. Let's see: the previous code runs differential evolution with 50 iterations. Maybe increasing the maxiter?

Alternatively, using a better mutation and recombination strategy. For example, setting the mutation to a fixed value or a range.

Wait, the current code uses mutation=(0.6, 0.95) and recombination=0.8. Maybe adjusting these parameters can improve the search.

Also, the previous code uses a population size of 50. Maybe increasing it could help, but increases computation time.

Another idea: Precompute all possible shifts k that could be critical, and include them as constraints. For example, the maximum overlap might occur at specific k values, such as k = 0.5, 1, 1.5, etc. So maybe, during optimization, we can enforce that the correlations at these k's are minimized. But how to do that?

Alternatively, using a multi-objective approach where the objective function is the maximum of several critical k values. This would require selecting those k values that are most likely to determine the maximum.

But how to choose which k's to focus on? Maybe using some heuristic based on the function's properties.

Alternatively, since the function is over [0, 2], the maximum could occur at certain shifts. For example, shifts that are between the segments where h is active. So, if h is active on certain intervals, then shifts that align with the gaps between them could be critical.

But without knowing the h structure, it's hard to precompute.

Hmm. Maybe the most effective way is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization process. Let me think about how to generate more diverse initial guesses.

The previous code generates a pulse, triangle, and sawtooth. Maybe adding other waveforms, like square waves, or functions with different frequencies and patterns. Also, varying the number of segments in these functions.

Alternatively, using a more systematic approach to generate initial guesses. For example, creating functions with different numbers of segments, each with varying widths and positions.

But how to code that efficiently?

Alternatively, for the initial_h_values, which is given, maybe perturbing it slightly to generate different starting points. For example, adding small random noise to the initial h, then optimizing.

But the user's code already includes initial_h_values, and we should not redefine it. So, the initial guess is already provided, and the code is trying to improve upon it.

Another idea: The previous code used SLSQP after differential evolution. Maybe instead of using differential evolution, using a more effective local optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which is derivative-free and might handle the problem better.

Alternatively, combining multiple optimization strategies, like using differential evolution for global search and then SLSQP for local refinement.

But I'm not sure. Let's think about the compute time. The budget is 100 seconds. The previous code uses differential evolution for a few iterations and then SLSQP.

Perhaps optimizing the number of iterations in differential evolution and in the SLSQP steps. For example, increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution, but that might take more time.

Alternatively, using a better population size or mutation parameters.

Another thing: The current code evaluates the objective function (obj) multiple times, each time with a different guess. But perhaps some of those evaluations are redundant or could be optimized.

Also, the constraints are the sum of h being exactly n_points / 2. The previous code uses SLSQP with this equality constraint. That's correct.

Another possible improvement: Using a more efficient way to compute the objective. For example, precomputing the necessary values or vectorizing the computation.

Wait, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the full cross-correlation. For the given h and 1-h, the integration is the maximum of these values multiplied by dx. But the code already does this correctly.

Hmm. I'm running out of ideas. Maybe the current code can be improved by generating more diverse initial guesses and using a more efficient optimization method.

Wait, what if I replace the differential evolution with a basin-hopping approach? That could help escape local minima. But scipy doesn't have a basin-hopping implementation. Alternatively, using the differential evolution with some restarts.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different initial points. But again, time is a constraint.

Another thought: The problem is to minimize the maximum of the correlation. This is similar to the problem of packing intervals to minimize overlap. So perhaps the optimal solution is to have the h function consist of intervals with certain spacing. For example, arranging the intervals to be as spaced apart as possible.

If the h function is composed of m intervals each of length l, then the total integral is m*l = 1. So l = 1/m. To minimize overlap, the intervals should be spaced as far apart as possible. For example, placing the intervals in the interval [0, 2] such that there is a gap between them.

But how many intervals to use? For example, if m=2, then each interval has length 0.5. Placing them symmetrically around 1.0, so they are [0,0.5] and [1.5, 2]. Then, shifting by k=1.0 would cause the overlap between the two intervals. The integral would be the product of the lengths of the overlapping regions. Wait, for k=1, the overlap between [0,0.5] and [1.5, 2] when shifted would be zero. So the integral would be zero. That seems better. But the maximum overlap would be for other shifts.

Wait, this is getting complex. Maybe this kind of approach can lead to a better solution.

But how to model this? Perhaps using the initial guess as a base and then trying to adjust the positions and widths of the intervals.

Alternatively, the initial_h_values might already have a certain structure that can be optimized further.

Another idea: The previous code uses different waveforms as starting points. Let's think about generating a waveform with multiple pulses. For example, multiple rectangular pulses spaced apart with varying widths and positions. Maybe this could lead to better results.

But how to generate such a waveform algorithmically?

Alternatively, use a Fourier-based approach, but I'm not sure.

Another angle: The current code uses a fixed number of n_points. What if trying different n_points? For example, using a larger n_points (like 90) to have more samples, which could allow for more precise optimization. However, the user prefers smaller n_points for speed. The initial_h_values has 45 samples, but maybe using more samples could allow for finer control.

But the user said "smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred". So using 45 is better than 90. So maybe keep n_points as 45.

Hmm. Perhaps the previous code could be modified to allow for a better initial guess. For example, generating a random initial guess that satisfies the constraints.

But the code already uses the initial_h_values and other generated functions. Let me think about the code structure.

The current code:

- Uses initial_h_values as the first guess.
- Generates three more guesses: pulses, triangle, sawtooth.
- For each of these, runs SLSQP optimization.
- Then runs differential evolution a couple of times.
- Then does some more SLSQP refinements.

Maybe adding more initial guesses. For example, generating more waveforms with different parameters. For instance, varying the frequency and duty cycle.

Alternatively, using a more systematic way to generate initial guesses. For example, creating a function that generates several different patterns with varying frequencies and duty cycles.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed frequency (like 3) for the pulse and triangle functions. Maybe varying this frequency could lead to better results. For example, trying different frequencies to see which one gives a better initial guess.

But how to code that? For example, generate multiple guesses with different frequencies and then optimize them.

Alternatively, trying to create a waveform with multiple segments, like a square wave with 3 segments, or a more complex pattern.

Another thought: The problem's optimal solution is likely to be a function that is composed of several intervals of 1 and 0, arranged in such a way that their overlaps are minimized. So, perhaps the optimal h is a step function with a certain number of intervals.

But how to find the number of intervals, their positions, and lengths?

This seems like a combinatorial optimization problem. However, with the constraints on the integral, it's challenging.

But since the code is to be implemented in Python, perhaps the easiest way is to focus on improving the existing code's approach.

Let me think about the previous code's structure. Maybe the key is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization process. For example, generating more initial guesses with different patterns and using more iterations of differential evolution.

Alternatively, using a different optimization library, like using constraints in a different way. For example, using a quadratic programming approach, but that may not be applicable here.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm. But scipy doesn't have one. However, maybe using the differential evolution with better parameters.

Wait, in the previous code, the differential evolution runs for maxiter=50. Maybe increasing that to 100 or more could help. But time is limited.

Another idea: the current code uses the same bounds for all optimizations. Maybe tightening the bounds based on the problem structure. For example, if the function h is known to be in certain ranges, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, using a better initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but the code can try to perturb it slightly to find better solutions.

Hmm. Given that I have to write code within the constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to generate more diverse initial guesses, adjust the parameters of the optimization to run for longer, and use more effective optimization methods.

So, here's a plan:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generate more initial guesses with different waveforms, perhaps varying frequencies and duty cycles.
3. Use differential evolution with increased maxiter and better parameters.
4. Use SLSQP for refinement.
5. Implement more iterations of the optimization process within the allowed time.

Also, perhaps using the initial_h_values and creating perturbations of it to generate more starting points.

Implementing this, here's what I'll do:

- Generate multiple initial guesses by varying the frequency and duty cycle of the generated functions.
- Run differential evolution with more iterations.
- Use SLSQP with tighter tolerances.

Also, adding more guesses, like different waveform types (e.g., square, triangle, sawtooth) with varying parameters.

But in code, how to generate these guesses?

Maybe creating a list of different waveform functions, each with parameters that can be varied, then generating a few guesses by sampling those parameters.

Alternatively, hardcoding some parameters for different guesses.

Another thing: the previous code uses 3 generated functions. Let's add more, like a square wave, or other patterns.

But given the time, perhaps the best way is to adjust the code to generate more initial guesses and update the optimization steps.

Now, let me try to write the code based on these ideas.

First, the code will need to generate more initial guesses. For example, using different frequencies and duty cycles for the pulses, triangles, and sawtooth functions.

Then, using differential evolution with more iterations.

Also, using more SLSQP optimizations on the best guesses.

Additionally, maybe using a different random seed to explore different regions of the search space.

But given that the code is to be deterministic with a fixed seed, I need to ensure that the initial guesses are varied consistently.

Another idea: instead of generating fixed waveforms, generate a set of randomized waveforms based on the initial_h_values.

But how?

Alternatively, using Perlin noise or other methods to perturb the initial_h_values.

But I'm not sure.

Perhaps the code can include more initial guesses, like adding more generated waveforms with different parameters.

Let me adjust the previous code accordingly.

In the current code, the guesses are:

guesses = [h]
guesses.append(gen_pulses(3, 0.5))
guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, 0.5))
guesses.append(gen_saw(3, 0.5))

I can add more guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles. For example:

guesses.append(gen_pulses(2, 0.5))
guesses.append(gen_pulses(4, 0.5))
guesses.append(gen_triangle(2, 0.5))
guesses.append(gen_triangle(4, 0.5))
guesses.append(gen_saw(2, 0.5))
guesses.append(gen_saw(4, 0.5))

This would generate more initial guesses with varying frequencies.

Additionally, I can try other functions, like a square wave with specific duty cycles.

But in the code, I would need to implement those functions.

Wait, in the previous code, the gen_pulses, gen_triangle, and gen_saw functions are defined. Perhaps adding more functions like gen_square, but I'm not sure how to define them.

Alternatively, varying the frequency and duty parameters for the existing functions.

Then, during the optimization, these guesses would be tried.

Also, increasing the number of differential evolution iterations and possibly adjusting mutation parameters.

Another thing: in the current code, after the initial guesses, the differential evolution is run for 50 iterations. Maybe increasing that to 100 and allowing more population sizes, if possible.

But time is a constraint. Let's see: the total time budget is 100 seconds. The code needs to run within that.

Putting it all together, here's how the code could be modified:

- Generate more initial guesses with varied parameters.
- Run differential evolution for more iterations.
- Refine with SLSQP.

Now, implementing this in code. Let's adjust the code accordingly.

But also, the previous code uses a fixed initial guess. Let me make sure to always use the initial_h_values as one of the guesses.

Another thing: the previous code runs slsqp_guess for each guess, then runs differential evolution and then more slsqp steps. Maybe adding more iterations of differential evolution.

So, here's the plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values, plus several generated guesses.
- Run SLSQP on each of them.
- Run differential evolution with more iterations.
- Do multiple rounds of SLSQP refinement.

Also, adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

But considering the time constraints, I'll proceed to code these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    freqs = [1.5, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0]
    duties = [0.4, 0.5, 0.6]
    for freq in freqs:
        for duty in duties:
            guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, duty))
            guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g, tol=1e-9):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': tol})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=70,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```