<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to minimize the overlap integral C₅ by finding a step function h that satisfies the constraints. The previous code used a combination of different initialization strategies and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. However, I need to improve upon that, maybe by trying a different approach.

First, I'll check what the initial_h_values are. The user mentioned that initial_h_values is available, so I should use that as a starting point. But the previous code already starts with that. Maybe I can modify the optimization strategy.

Wait, the problem says that the current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and the previous program achieved 0.381142. The target is to get lower than that. So I need to find a better solution.

The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution with multiple guesses. Maybe I can try a different optimization method or adjust the parameters. Also, perhaps using more efficient sampling or exploring different initial configurations.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem, where the function h is trying to cover the interval [0,2] in a way that overlaps with shifted versions are minimized. Maybe there's a way to model this with some known patterns or use symmetry.

Alternatively, since the previous code uses a lot of different initial guesses, maybe I can apply more structured initializations. For example, using a binary splitting approach, or arranging the h values in a way that their shifts are minimized.

Another idea: maybe using a genetic algorithm approach, which can explore the search space more effectively by combining different candidate solutions. But considering time constraints, the differential evolution might be more efficient than a full genetic algorithm.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution with a population size of 60 and runs it for 50 iterations. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but that would take more time. However, the budget is only 100 seconds, so I need to balance between the number of iterations and the time taken.

Another possible improvement: instead of using random guesses, maybe use some periodic functions or patterns that are known to be good for minimizing overlaps. For example, using a triangular wave or a more complex waveform that's designed to distribute the function h evenly over the interval.

Also, the previous code uses a combination of pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions. Maybe adding more such patterns or varying the frequencies and duty cycles could lead to better initial solutions.

Wait, the current code uses 'gen_pulses' with frequencies from 2 to 5, and 'gen_saw' and 'gen_triangle' with frequency 3. Maybe experimenting with different frequencies and duty cycles could yield better initial guesses.

Another approach is to consider the problem as a resource allocation problem. The integral of h is fixed, so the function h has a certain "mass" distributed over [0,2]. The overlap with shifted functions would depend on how this mass is spread out. Maybe arranging h to have regions where it's high and then low, spaced in such a way that overlapping with shifts is minimized.

Alternatively, using a more direct optimization approach: instead of relying on multiple initial guesses and refining them, perhaps using a more targeted optimization method. For example, using a gradient-based method with a better initialization.

Wait, in the previous code, they use a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe for the initial optimization, using SLSQP with more iterations, and then using differential evolution for further refinement.

Another thing to consider is the choice of the optimization method. Maybe using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method could be more effective in certain cases, but I'm not sure.

Also, the constraints are that the integral of h is 1, which is a linear constraint. The objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. This is a convex optimization problem? Not sure, because the maximum of a set of linear functions is convex, but the problem is to minimize that maximum, which is a convex problem. However, since the objective is non-smooth (due to the max), maybe using a convex optimization solver would be better. But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer.

Alternatively, maybe using a convex relaxation or using a solver like ECOS or MOSEK. However, the previous code uses scipy's optimize, which might not have access to those solvers unless they are installed. The user mentioned using scipy, numpy, and cvxpy with various solvers. So perhaps switching to a convex optimization approach.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation values. The cross-correlation is a convolution-like operation. So, perhaps the problem can be rephrased as minimizing the maximum over k of ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx.

But since the integral is over x, and k is the shift, the cross-correlation is computed over the interval [0, 2]. However, when shifting by k, the function 1 - h(x + k) might have overlapping regions outside of [0, 2], but the integral is computed as per the correlate function with mode 'full', which pads the arrays.

But for the purposes of the problem, the key is to find a function h that has minimal overlap with its shifted versions. Given that the function is over [0, 2], the shifts would go from 0 to 2, but the overlap integral depends on the position.

Alternatively, since the function h is stepwise, maybe the optimal solution has a certain symmetry or periodicity. For example, maybe arranging the h values in a way that they are spread out evenly, thus minimizing the overlap when shifted.

Another approach: since the integral of h is 1, the average value is 1/(2) = 0.5. If h is constant, then the overlap integral would be ∫ 0.5*(1 - 0.5) dx = 0.25. However, the problem requires a step function, so maybe a better solution exists by varying h to reduce the overlap.

But the optimal value is known to be around 0.38, which is higher than 0.25, so it's not that simple.

Let me think about the previous code's approach. It uses multiple initial guesses, then applies SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough, leading to local optima. So perhaps introducing more varied initial guesses could help.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, like Bayesian optimization, which could be more efficient in exploring the search space. However, implementing Bayesian optimization in scipy may be more complex, and time may be a constraint.

Another idea: use a multi-start approach with the optimization method, trying a number of different starting points, and then selecting the best one. The previous code does this by generating several guesses, but maybe the number of guesses can be increased or the way they are generated can be improved.

For example, generating initial guesses based on different periodic patterns with varying parameters. For instance, using a sine wave with different frequencies and amplitudes, or combining multiple pulses.

Alternatively, using a more systematic approach. For example, creating a function that generates an initial guess by placing the "high" regions of h in a way that they are spaced apart. For instance, placing them in a regular pattern.

Wait, maybe using a Fourier-based approach. Since the problem is related to minimizing overlap, which could be related to the Fourier transform properties. However, I'm not sure about the exact relationship, but perhaps there's a way to design h to have low cross-correlation with its shifts by controlling the Fourier components.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum cross-correlation, perhaps using a greedy algorithm. For example, iteratively adjusting h to reduce the maximum overlap. But this is vague.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to a covering problem where the function h is trying to "avoid" overlapping with its shifted versions. Hence, maybe arranging h's high regions in a way that each shift covers a different part of the interval.

For example, if we divide the interval [0, 2] into segments and assign h to be high in certain segments, and low in others. The challenge is to choose these segments such that shifts of h overlap minimally with the original.

But how to translate this into a step function? For instance, if we have three segments, each spaced out.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a packing problem. The function h has a certain "coverage" over the interval, and shifts would cover other parts, so arranging the coverage to minimize overlap.

But again, translating this into a specific algorithm is challenging.

Perhaps trying to use more efficient optimization methods. For example, using the optimization parameters more effectively. For instance, adjusting the tolerance levels, or increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP and differential evolution.

In the previous code, the SLSQP method is used with a maximum of 150 iterations and a ftol of 1e-10. Maybe reducing the ftol could allow for a better solution, but it's not clear.

Another possible improvement: ensuring that the solution is smooth and avoids too many sharp transitions. However, since h is a step function, the transitions are already discontinuous, so that might not be an issue.

Alternatively, the use of a different initialization strategy. For example, instead of using random guesses, using a more structured approach like a binary representation or a pattern-based initialization.

Another idea: the problem might be similar to the problem of finding a function that minimizes the maximum of the inner products with shifted versions of itself. This is similar to the concept of a "flat" function in terms of cross-correlation. However, I'm not sure of the exact mathematical properties here.

Perhaps using a greedy algorithm where we iteratively adjust the function h to reduce the maximum value. For example, starting with an initial guess and then iteratively moving mass from regions where the overlap is high to regions where it's low. However, this is a heuristic approach and would require careful implementation.

Given the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to refine the existing code by improving the initial guesses and optimization parameters. For instance, using more varied initial guesses and increasing the number of iterations in the optimization steps.

Also, considering that the initial_h_values might not be optimal, perhaps modifying the initial guess by introducing some perturbations. For example, adding small random variations to the initial_h_values to explore different regions of the search space.

Another thing to consider is the use of parallel processing. However, the user only has one CPU available, so that's not feasible.

Another possible improvement: using a combination of different optimization methods. For example, using differential evolution for exploration and then SLSQP for refinement. This is what the previous code does. Perhaps tuning the parameters of these methods, like the population size for differential evolution or the maximum number of iterations.

In the previous code, the differential evolution runs for 50 iterations with a population size of 60. Maybe increasing the population size or iterations could lead to better results, but it's important to stay within the time budget.

Also, checking if the initial_h_values are the best possible start. If there's a better initial guess, it could significantly speed up the optimization. For example, if there's a known good configuration for n=45 points, using that could help. But since the user provides initial_h_values, I should use that as the starting point.

Another idea: using a more efficient way to compute the overlapping integral. For example, precomputing all possible shifts and using vectorized operations to speed up the evaluation. However, in the previous code, the evaluation is already using numpy.correlate, which is efficient.

In summary, possible improvements:

1. Use more varied and structured initial guesses (e.g., more periodic functions, different frequencies, duty cycles).
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods (e.g., increase iterations, change tolerances).
3. Combine different optimization strategies (e.g., use differential evolution for exploration and SLSQP for refinement).
4. Apply perturbations to the initial guess to avoid local optima.
5. Use a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function, possibly by precomputing shifts or using faster convolution methods.

Now, how to implement these ideas in the code.

First, the initial guesses: in the previous code, the guesses include several functions like pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more functions, like square waves, or other waveforms, and varying the parameters more.

For example, adding more frequency values and varying the duty cycles for each function. Also, generating more random guesses to cover different possibilities.

Another approach is to generate initial guesses based on certain patterns, such as placing the high regions of h in a regular pattern. For instance, spacing them evenly across the interval.

For example, for a given n_points, placing the high regions every (n_points/5) intervals, creating a periodic pattern.

But how to translate this into code. Maybe using a function that generates a step function with a certain number of peaks, spaced evenly.

Alternatively, using a function that creates a binary pattern where the high regions are placed to minimize overlap. For example, a checkerboard pattern over the interval.

However, designing such a pattern is non-trivial, especially with the constraint of fixed integral.

Alternatively, using a simple pattern where h is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, ensuring that the total length of these intervals is 1 (since the integral is 1 over [0,2], which is length 2, so the average is 0.5). Wait, the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], so the average is 0.5. So if h is a step function, then the total length of the intervals where h is 1 would be 1 (since the integral is sum over intervals of length * value, but since value is 1, the total length is 1). Wait, no: the integral is sum(h_i * dx) = 1, and dx is 2 / n_points, so sum(h_i) = n_points / 2.

So, if h is a binary function (0 or 1), then sum(h_i) is the number of 1s, which must be n_points / 2. So for n_points even, it's possible. But for n_points odd, it's not a whole number. However, in the code, the initial_h_values may not be binary but have varying values.

But perhaps a binary function (only 0s and 1s) could be a good starting point. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts, choosing half of them to be 1 and the other half 0 in a way that minimizes overlap with shifts.

But how to choose which parts. For instance, placing the 1s in non-overlapping regions when shifted.

For example, if we have 45 points, we need to set 22.5 points to 1 and 22.5 to 0. Since 45 is odd, maybe 23 points of 1 and 22 of 0. Then, arrange them in a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

This might lead to a periodic pattern. However, designing such a pattern requires careful consideration.

Alternatively, using a greedy algorithm to select positions for 1s and 0s. Start by placing a 1 in the first position. Then, for each subsequent position, decide whether to place a 1 or 0 based on minimizing the overlap with previously placed 1s.

But this is a heuristic and may not lead to the optimal solution.

Considering all that, perhaps generating more initial guesses based on different structured patterns would help.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the overlap with shifts, the optimal h should have its high regions spaced out such that shifting by a small amount doesn't cause much overlap. For example, if the high regions are spread out with gaps, then shifts would overlap less.

So, perhaps generating initial guesses that are periodic with a certain period, ensuring that the shifts of the function overlap with the original function minimally.

For example, a square wave with period T and duty cycle D. If the function h is a square wave with period T, then shifting it by T/2 would lead to a certain overlap.

But how to choose T and D to minimize the overlap integral.

Another approach is to use a function that is a combination of multiple rectangular pulses, spaced in a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

But again, this requires specific design.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to adjust the existing code to add more varied initial guesses and improve the optimization parameters.

Let's look at the previous code's initial guesses. It includes:

- gen_pulses for frequencies 2-5 with duty 0.5
- gen_saw with frequencies 3 and various duties
- gen_triangle with frequencies 3 and various duties
- several random guesses

Maybe expanding the frequency range and duty cycles, adding more pulse and wave functions.

Also, in the previous code, after generating these guesses, it uses SLSQP to refine them. Maybe increasing the number of guesses or varying the parameters can lead to better results.

Another thing to consider is the time budget. The previous code runs for a certain number of iterations, but if we can speed up the code by reducing the number of evaluations, that might help. However, the code is already trying to maximize the number of refinements within the 100s budget.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For instance, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method for some steps, but it's unclear.

In the code, the differential evolution is run for 5 iterations, each with a population of 60. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the population size could help.

Another idea: using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method for some initial optimizations. However, this is a local method and may not be as effective for global optimization.

Another possible optimization is to precompute all necessary shifts and use vectorized operations to speed up the evaluation of the objective function. However, the current code uses numpy.correlate, which is already optimized.

Another thing is the objective function. The current code uses the maximum of the cross-correlation values. To speed up the evaluation, maybe compute all the cross-correlations and then take the maximum. However, this is what the code is already doing.

In summary, the plan is to enhance the initial guess generation by adding more structured patterns, adjusting the parameters of the optimization steps, and possibly combining different optimization methods to explore the search space more effectively.

So, modifying the code to generate more initial guesses, perhaps by varying frequencies and duty cycles for different waveforms, and also adding more structured patterns like square waves or other periodic functions.

Additionally, increasing the number of iterations for the differential evolution and the refinement steps, while ensuring that the total time does not exceed the budget.

Another point to consider is the use of the initial_h_values. The previous code starts with the initial_h_values, which might already be a good guess. However, perturbing this initial guess could help avoid local optima.

For example, adding a small random perturbation to the initial_h_values and using it as a starting point for the optimization.

In code, this could be done by adding noise to the initial_h_values and then running the optimization from that perturbed guess.

But since the initial_h_values are provided, maybe it's better to use it directly as the starting point for the optimization, rather than generating random guesses.

Alternatively, the previous code uses the initial_h_values as one of the guesses. So perhaps that is already considered.

In terms of code changes, perhaps the following steps:

1. Generate more initial guesses by varying the frequency and duty cycles of the pulse, saw, and triangle functions.
2. Add more structured patterns, such as square waves or other periodic signals.
3. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods (e.g., increase the number of iterations or population size in differential evolution).
4. Add more refinement steps, either by increasing the number of refinement iterations or using different optimization methods.
5. Consider using a combination of different initial guesses, including the initial_h_values, and perturbations of it.

Now, considering the code structure, how to implement these changes.

First, expanding the guesses. For example, adding more frequencies for the pulse and saw functions:

In the previous code, for pulses, frequencies are from 2 to 5. Maybe extending this to 2 to 6 or more.

Similarly, for the saw and triangle functions, the frequency is fixed at 3. Perhaps varying the frequency.

Another idea: generating initial guesses with a combination of pulses and some other patterns.

For example, adding a sine wave with different frequencies.

Alternatively, using a more structured approach to create initial guesses that have certain properties, like being periodic or having certain symmetry.

In terms of code, perhaps adding more functions like gen_square, and generating them with various parameters.

But the user mentioned that the code must not include long numeric literals or unrolled patterns, so generating these functions algorithmically is necessary.

Another approach is to generate random initial guesses with different distributions, such as uniform, but ensuring that they meet the sum constraint.

But the previous code already includes random guesses. Perhaps adding more of them.

Another thing: the previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP and the refinement steps.

Now, considering the code's structure, the following modifications:

- Increase the number of initial guesses by adding more functions with different parameters.
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP steps.
- Add perturbations to the initial_h_values as an additional guess.

For example, in the code, after generating the initial guesses, adding a guess based on the initial_h_values perturbed by a small amount.

Also, in the initial guessing phase, perhaps adding more structured guesses like square waves or alternating patterns.

Given that the code is already using multiple guesses, perhaps the main improvement is in the optimization steps and the number of iterations.

In terms of code, changing the number of times the differential evolution is called and increasing the number of refinement steps.

Another thing: the previous code uses a 'refine' function that calls SLSQP with 200 iterations. Maybe increasing this number or using a smaller tolerance.

But the main challenge is to fit everything into 100 seconds.

So, putting this into code:

- Generate more initial guesses by varying parameters of the existing functions and adding new functions.
- Use differential evolution with a larger population or more iterations.
- Apply more refinement steps with SLSQP.

In conclusion, modifying the existing code to generate more diverse initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters, and perform more refinement steps to reach a better solution.

Now, translating these ideas into code.

In the code, the guesses section can be modified to include more functions. For example:

Adding more frequencies for the pulses, varying duty cycles for saw and triangle waves, and adding different waveform types.

For instance:

for freq in range(2, 7):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(2, duty))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(4, duty))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(5, duty))
for duty in [0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8]:
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(2, duty))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(4, duty))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(5, duty))

This increases the variety of initial guesses.

Also, adding a square wave pattern. For example:

def gen_square(freq, duty):
    x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
    return np.where(2 * freq * x - 1 < 0, 0, 1) * duty

But need to adjust this function to generate the correct square wave. However, the code should avoid long numeric literals, so using a formula-based approach.

Another idea is to generate a square wave with duty cycle by using np.where to create the pattern.

But again, the code must avoid long literals, so the function gen_square can be created.

Incorporating all these changes into the code will increase the number of initial guesses, covering more possibilities.

Another thing: the initial_h_values may already be a good guess, so it's important to use it as one of the initial guesses.

In the previous code, the initial guess is included as the first guess. So, that's still valid.

Additionally, the code includes random guesses, which are useful for exploring the search space.

With these changes, the code's initial guesses are more varied, increasing the chances of finding a better solution.

In terms of optimization steps, the previous code runs differential evolution 5 times. Perhaps increasing this number to 10 times, but within the time budget.

Also, increasing the number of refinement steps by adjusting the number of iterations in the loop for refinement.

In the code, after the differential evolution, there's a loop that runs refinement for 15 steps. Increasing this to 20 or 30 steps could help, but it needs to be balanced against the time.

Another possible improvement is to use the initial_h_values as a starting point for the SLSQP optimization, which may already be a good guess, and then apply differential evolution to refine it.

However, given the time constraints, the main adjustments are to generate more varied initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters.

Now, writing the code with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_square(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * (1 - duty), 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 8):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8]:
        for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6]:
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
            guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))
            guesses.append(gen_square(freq, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=80, maxiter=60,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(7):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(20):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        c = obj(best_h)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_c5 = c
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```