<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the goal is to get even lower, like 0.380876. The previous code uses an initial guess with 45 points and applies optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better way.

First, I should think about why the previous approach might not be sufficient. The previous code starts with initial_h_values and then uses a combination of optimization techniques. However, differential evolution might not be the most efficient here, especially with a 100-second budget. Also, maybe the initial guess isn't the best starting point.

Maybe I can try different initializations. For example, using a more structured pattern, like a periodic function with certain parameters. Since the problem involves minimizing the overlap integral, perhaps using a function that has a lot of peaks and valleys to distribute the mass evenly, reducing the maximum overlap.

Another thought: the problem is similar to scheduling or resource allocation, where you want to spread out the 1's (or intervals) to minimize overlaps when shifted. So, maybe using a periodic function with a specific frequency and duty cycle. For example, a triangular wave or a square wave with a certain duty cycle.

Alternatively, maybe using multiple pulses or segments. The initial code tried pulses, triangles, and sawtooth waves. But perhaps combining different shapes or varying parameters could yield better results.

Wait, the previous code uses a lot of different guesses, like pulsed, triangular, and sawtooth waves. But maybe there's a better way to generate initial candidates. Maybe generating multiple different patterns with varying frequencies and duty cycles, then optimizing them.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts, maybe the optimal function is symmetric or has some periodicity. For example, a function that is composed of several segments, each of which is arranged to minimize the overlap when shifted by different amounts.

But how to model this? Maybe using a piecewise constant function, which is what the problem currently uses (step functions). So, the function h(x) is a step function with n_points intervals. The challenge is to arrange the steps such that when you shift it, the overlap with 1-h(x+k) is minimized.

Another approach is to think about this as an optimization problem where the goal is to minimize the maximum of the convolution of h with (1-h). Since convolution is involved, the problem might have structure that can be exploited.

The previous code uses scipy.optimize with SLSQP and differential evolution. However, differential evolution can be slow, especially for high-dimensional problems. Since the n_points is 45, which is manageable, but maybe using a better optimization method for the local refinement.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP for local optimization after getting a candidate from differential evolution. Maybe using a different local optimization method, or adjusting the parameters of SLSQP (like tolerance, maxiter) could lead to better results.

Alternatively, maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach for the initial search, which could be more efficient in high-dimensional spaces. But given the time constraints, that might not be feasible.

Another thing to consider is the choice of initial points. The current initial_h_values might be suboptimal. If I can generate a better initial guess, maybe the optimization will find a better minimum.

Wait, the problem mentions that the initial_h_values are available, so perhaps using that as a starting point is good. However, maybe generating a different initial guess using a different pattern could lead to a better solution.

For example, creating a function that has five evenly spaced pulses. Wait, but the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap. So perhaps distributing the mass of h(x) across the interval in a way that when shifted, overlaps are minimized.

Another idea: since the Erdős problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution is a periodic function with a certain periodicity. For example, maybe a function that repeats every 1/2 unit, or some other fraction. But how to translate that into a step function?

Alternatively, looking at the penalty function. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k))dx. The maximum of these over all k is what we need to minimize.

Another angle: the maximum overlap occurs when the shift k aligns the peaks of h(x) with the valleys of (1-h(x+k)), or vice versa. So, perhaps arranging h(x) such that the peaks and valleys are spread out to avoid such overlaps.

Maybe using a function that has a high number of small segments. For example, if h(x) is a function that has segments with 0 and 1 in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Wait, considering that the integral over the entire interval is 1, the average value of h(x) is 0.5. So, the function h(x) is a probability density function with total mass 1.

But how to structure it? Maybe splitting the interval into regions where h(x) is 1 for certain times and 0 otherwise, but that might not be optimal. Or a combination of both.

Alternatively, using a function that has multiple segments. For example, a sawtooth wave with a certain duty cycle. The previous code tried that. But maybe adjusting the parameters.

Another idea: since the convolution is considered over all shifts, maybe the optimal function is one that has a certain symmetry. For example, a function that's symmetric around the center of the interval [0,2], so that when shifted, the overlap is balanced.

But how to implement this? Maybe generating a function that is symmetric, ensuring that h(x) = h(2 - x). That could lead to balanced overlaps when shifted.

Alternatively, using a function that is periodic with period 1, or some other period. For example, if h(x) is periodic with period 1, then the shifts by k could be considered in terms of that period.

But again, how to translate that into a step function with n_points.

Another thought: the previous code used 45 points. Maybe using more points could allow for a better approximation. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe 45 is acceptable. But the current code might be using a fixed n_points. However, the user might have a different initial setup. Wait, the problem says that the initial_h_values is an array with n_points, but the user hasn't provided it. However, the code given in the previous example uses initial_h_values with 45 points.

But the user mentions that the code should start from the current construction (if available). Assuming that initial_h_values is available, perhaps starting from that. However, maybe the initial guess is not good enough. So, perhaps generating a better initial guess.

Another approach: instead of using a single initial guess, generate multiple initial guesses with different structures and optimize them. For example, using a combination of different waveforms (like square, triangle, sawtooth, etc.) with varying parameters, then optimizing each one with SLSQP.

In the previous code, they tried a few guesses, but maybe expanding the number of initial guesses could help escape local optima. Also, using different initializations might lead to better convergence.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first perform a global search with differential evolution, then refine the best candidate with SLSQP. However, the previous code already does that.

Another idea is to use a different optimization method for the local search. For example, using the COBYLA method instead of SLSQP, which doesn't require gradients and might be more robust for certain problems. Or using a genetic algorithm for the initial search.

But given the time constraints, maybe the previous approach is too slow. Let me think about the previous code's structure. The code starts with initial_h_values, then tries different guesses (pulses, triangle, sawtooth), optimize them with SLSQP, then uses differential evolution for a few iterations, and then further refines with SLSQP. This seems like a reasonable approach.

But perhaps the differential evolution is too slow. Maybe using a smaller popsize or fewer iterations. However, the code already has a limited budget.

Another thing is the way the objective function is computed. The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. But for the purpose of the problem, maybe we can compute the integral over all shifts k. However, since the integral is over the entire domain, the maximum of the integrals for all shifts k is what's needed.

But the code uses the maximum of the convolution, which is correct. However, the way the correlation is computed might be more efficient. Alternatively, precomputing all the shifted integrals for different k might be more efficient. But given that the code uses numpy's correlate, which is optimized, this should be manageable.

Another point to consider is the constraints. The previous code uses an equality constraint for the sum of h_vals to be equal to target_sum (n_points/2). This is correct. But ensuring that the constraints are tight is important.

Wait, the problem states that the function h(x) is a step function, but in the code, the optimization is over the values of h_vals (the step function's samples). So, the code is correct in that aspect.

Another idea: maybe using a more efficient optimization algorithm. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach with a Gaussian process, but that would require more complex code and possibly more time.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method, but the problem is non-convex, so gradient-based methods might get stuck in local minima. However, the SLSQP method is a local optimizer, so combining it with a global search is necessary.

Another angle: the previous code uses several guesses and then refines them. Maybe adding more guesses or varying the parameters of the initial functions could help. For example, generating different frequencies for the pulses or different duty cycles.

Alternatively, creating a function that has multiple peaks. For instance, a function that alternates between high and low in a way that when shifted, overlaps are minimized.

Wait, maybe using a function that is a combination of several pulses. For example, having five pulses equally distributed over the interval. But how to model that in the code.

Alternatively, using a function that is designed to minimize the maximum overlap. For instance, the optimal solution might be a function with a specific pattern that's symmetric or periodic, which is known from some mathematical literature. However, I'm not sure about that.

Alternatively, checking existing research on this problem. The Erdős minimum overlap problem is related to the covering problem, and there's some known constructions. For example, the best known upper bound for C_5 is around 0.38, and the current record is 0.38085. So, the code's task is to get even closer to that or better.

Another thought: the previous code's C₅ is around 0.381142, which is slightly higher than the current record. So, the code needs to find a better solution. To do that, perhaps trying different initializations and optimizing them more effectively.

So, perhaps modifying the code to generate more varied initial guesses. For example, instead of just pulses, triangles, and sawtooth, generate patterns that are more complex, like combinations of different waveforms, or random patterns that are constrained to have integral 1.

Another idea: using a random population of initial guesses, each with a certain structure (like divided into segments), then applying differential evolution on them. However, generating such initial guesses could be time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a combination of the initial_h_values and some perturbations around it. For example, creating initial guesses by slightly modifying the initial_h_values, then optimizing those.

Another approach: since the problem involves multiple shifts, maybe trying to minimize the integral for specific shifts that are more likely to be the maximum. For example, focusing on shifts that are multiples of 1/2 or 1/3, etc., but this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal h(x) is a piecewise constant function with a certain number of segments, perhaps using a greedy algorithm to place segments to minimize overlaps. But designing such an algorithm is non-trivial.

Another possible improvement is to use more efficient optimization methods. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a better mutation strategy, or using a particle swarm optimization. However, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a derivative-free method, and that's already being used.

But given the time constraints, maybe the code can be optimized by reducing the number of iterations in differential evolution and focusing on more effective local optimization steps.

Another idea is to use a different evaluation strategy. For example, precomputing all possible shifts and then computing the maximum. However, the code already does that via numpy.correlate.

Wait, the code uses the scipy.optimize methods, which might be too slow for 45 points. But with the budget of 100 seconds, maybe it's manageable. However, the code could be optimized by reducing redundant computations or improving the way the objective function is evaluated.

Another thing to check: the way the objective function is computed. The code computes the convolution of h_vals with 1 - h_vals, then takes the maximum. However, since the convolution's mode is 'full', the resulting array is longer than the input. But for the problem, the maximum over all shifts k (i.e., all possible positions in the convolution result) should be taken. However, in the code, the product with dx is applied. So, the code is correct.

Another possibility: using a different way to compute the overlap. For example, for each possible shift, compute the integral numerically. However, the current method is correct.

So, perhaps to improve the code, we can try the following:

1. Use a different initial guess than the initial_h_values. For example, create a new guess that is a more structured pattern, like a set of evenly spaced pulses or a function with a specific shape.

2. Increase the diversity of initial guesses by generating more varied patterns. For example, combining different waveforms with different parameters.

3. Modify the optimization parameters, such as increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP or adjusting the tolerance for faster convergence.

4. Use a more efficient optimization method, like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, which may perform better for the problem.

5. Reduce the number of iterations in the differential evolution step to save time and focus more on the local optimization steps.

6. Implement a better way to generate initial guesses, such as a combination of periodic functions with different frequencies and duty cycles.

Given these ideas, here's a plan for the new code:

- Start with the initial_h_values as the initial guess.

- Generate additional initial guesses using different waveforms (e.g., triangular, square, sawtooth with varying parameters).

- Use differential evolution with a smaller population size and fewer iterations, then refine the best candidate with SLSQP.

- Also, experiment with different optimization methods for the local refinement.

- Maybe use a combination of multiple guesses to explore different regions of the search space.

Additionally, to improve the code's efficiency, perhaps reducing the number of parameters or simplifying the objective function.

But since the code has to be written in Python, and given the time constraints, the code could be structured as follows:

- Define a function that generates different initial guesses (like pulses, triangles, etc.).

- Use differential evolution to sample from these guesses.

- Refine the best solution found with SLSQP.

- Also, maybe try a few different initial guesses generated via different methods.

Now, implementing this in code. The previous code already uses some of these steps, but the new code can be adjusted to generate more initial guesses.

Another possible improvement is to use a different initial guess, such as a function with five evenly spaced segments. For example, dividing the interval [0, 2] into five equal parts and setting h(x) to 1 in those parts to spread the mass. However, the exact distribution needs to be determined.

But since the integral of h(x) must be 1, the total area is 1. For example, if the function has five segments of length L, then the integral would be 5 * L * h_avg. But this is getting too vague. Alternatively, using a function with multiple peaks separated by certain distances.

Another approach: since the overlap is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)), perhaps for each shift k, the overlap can be viewed as the probability that a point x is in h(x) and x + k is in 1 - h(x + k). But this might not directly help in the optimization.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a game where h(x) tries to avoid overlapping with its shifted versions. Hence, the function should be designed to minimize the maximum overlap over all possible shifts.

In terms of the code, maybe the key is to find a better way to structure the initial guesses and optimize them. The previous code's initial guesses are generated with gen_pulses, gen_triangle, and gen_saw functions. But perhaps generating a different set of functions could lead to better results.

For example, generating a function that is a combination of multiple pulses. Or, using a function that has a certain symmetry. Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of different waveforms, like a square wave with a certain duty cycle overlaid with a triangular wave.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code's guess generation to include more diverse initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters.

Another idea: using the initial setup but with a different guess generation. For example, generating waveforms with different frequencies. The previous code uses frequency 3 for the pulse, triangle, and sawtooth. Maybe varying the frequency could lead to better results.

Additionally, instead of using a single frequency, generate multiple frequencies for the initial guesses. For example, creating a guess with a high frequency, a medium frequency, and a low frequency. This would allow the optimization to explore different structures.

Another possible modification is to reduce the number of iterations in the differential evolution step, as that step might be taking too much time, and then using more iterations in the SLSQP refinement.

In the previous code, the differential evolution runs for 50 iterations with a popsize of 50. Maybe reducing the popsize or the number of iterations could be more efficient.

Finally, in terms of the code structure, perhaps the previous code can be modified to use a different optimization strategy. For example, using a combination of different initial guesses and a more efficient local optimizer.

So, the new code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as the default starting point.

- Generate additional initial guesses using different waveforms with varied parameters.

- Use differential evolution with a smaller population and fewer iterations.

- Then refine the best candidate found using SLSQP with tighter tolerances.

- Also, try different optimization methods like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B for the local refinement.

But since the problem is to return a code block, I need to write this in code.

Considering all of this, the new code would look something like this:

- Define the initial_h_values (given), then generate additional guesses with different waveforms.

- Use differential evolution with a small number of iterations, then use SLSQP to refine.

- Also, run multiple SLSQP refinements on different initial guesses.

- Track the best candidate found.

Now, implementing this in code. The previous code already has some of these elements. To improve it, perhaps adding more initial guesses and adjusting the parameters.

So, the code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

- Generate additional guesses with different frequences and duty cycles for the waveforms.

- Use differential evolution with popsize=30 and maxiter=20, then refine.

- Also, try different optimization methods for the local steps.

Another thing to consider is that the objective function can be time-consuming. The correlation is computed for each candidate, which is O(n^2) time. For n=45, this is manageable, but as the budget is tight, perhaps precomputing some parts or optimizing the objective function could help.

In terms of code, here's how it could be structured:

Import necessary libraries (numpy, scipy.optimize, time).

Define the run function with seed and budget.

Initialize h with initial_h_values.

Define the objective function as max(np.correlate(...)) * dx.

Define the constraint function for sum(h) == n_points/2.

Generate different initial guesses using various waveform generators.

Use differential evolution to search from these guesses.

Refine with SLSQP.

Return the best found solution.

Now, considering the previous code, the main changes would be to generate more varied initial guesses and possibly adjust the optimization parameters.

Another idea: since the problem wants to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach, which is often effective for such problems. However, implementing PSO might be more complex and time-consuming, especially considering the code must fit within the token limit.

Thus, the main changes would be to generate more initial guesses and optimize the number of iterations and parameters in the optimization methods.

In conclusion, the new code would enhance the previous approach by generating more varied initial guesses, possibly with different waveforms and parameters, and optimizing the number of iterations in the differential evolution and SLSQP steps to fit within the time budget.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(3, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(5, 0.4))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(5, 0.4))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=30, maxiter=20,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```