<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and our target is to get below 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of different optimization methods, including SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, I should understand the problem again. We need a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, and choose it such that the maximum overlap integral, which is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx, is minimized. The overlap integral measures how much the function h overlaps with its shifted version, and we want to minimize the worst-case overlap.

The previous code starts with an initial guess and uses several heuristics to generate different pulse shapes (like square, saw, triangle) and random guesses. Then it uses SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize those. However, maybe there's a more efficient way to structure the search. Perhaps using different starting points or better optimization strategies.

One thing the previous code didn't do was to leverage more structured patterns. For example, maybe using periodic functions with specific frequencies or using a more systematic approach to generate candidate solutions. Also, the current code uses multiple guesses, but perhaps focusing on certain structures could help find a better minimum.

Another idea is to use a genetic algorithm or other population-based methods, which might explore the search space more effectively. However, the previous code already uses differential evolution, which is a derivative-free optimization method. Maybe tweaking the parameters of that or combining it with other methods would help.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be rephrased as an optimization problem with constraints. The constraints are that the integral of h is 1 and h is between 0 and 1. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap. This seems like a max-min problem, which might be challenging to optimize directly.

Another consideration is the choice of the number of points (n_points). The previous code uses n=45. The user mentions that smaller sequences are preferred because they are faster. Maybe reducing the number of points could help find a good solution in the time budget. However, with fewer points, the approximation might be worse. Alternatively, maybe 45 is sufficient.

The previous code uses a combination of different initial guesses. Maybe generating more structured initial guesses could help. For example, using patterns that are known to be good for similar problems, like block patterns or symmetric functions.

Another idea is to use a multi-start optimization approach with different initial points. The previous code tried a few initial guesses, but maybe more could be better. However, with limited time, it's important to balance between the number of guesses and the time spent on each.

Looking at the current code's structure, it first uses SLSQP on several initial guesses, then runs differential evolution for a few iterations, and then refines the best solution with SLSQP again. Maybe adjusting the parameters of the optimization algorithms, like increasing the number of iterations or using different tolerances, could help. But the time budget is tight.

Alternatively, perhaps focusing on a specific structure, such as a function that is periodic with a certain period, could lead to better results. For example, using a function that is 0 in some intervals and 1 in others, arranged periodically. This could help control the overlap when shifted.

Another approach is to use a greedy algorithm, where the function is built by iteratively adding or removing regions to minimize the overlap. However, greedy methods can get stuck in local minima.

Wait, the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k. So the function h needs to be constructed such that when you shift it by any k, the overlap with the original is as small as possible. This is similar to designing a signal that is as uncorrelated as possible with its shifts.

In signal processing, this is similar to designing a signal with minimal autocorrelation. Maybe there are known methods for this. For example, using a Barker code, which has minimal autocorrelation, but those are for binary sequences. However, the problem here is continuous and the function can have arbitrary values between 0 and 1.

But perhaps a similar idea applies: the function should have a structure that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. So, maybe using a function that is a piecewise constant function with certain intervals, arranged periodically in a way that shifts cause minimal overlap.

Another thought is that the optimal function h should be such that for any shift k, the overlap integral is balanced. Perhaps using a function that has evenly distributed intervals where it's 1 and 0, but in a way that when shifted, the overlapping regions are minimized.

Alternatively, considering that the total integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 1/2. So, perhaps the function is designed to have regions of 0 and 1 that are spread out.

Wait, but the function is over [0,2]. The integral is 1, so the average is 0.5. So, maybe the function is a combination of 0 and 1 in such a way that when shifted by k, the overlapping regions are minimized.

Let me think of the function h(x) as a set of intervals. For example, if h(x) is 1 on some intervals and 0 otherwise, the overlap with a shifted version would depend on the overlap between the intervals. So, to minimize the maximum overlap, the intervals should be placed such that shifting them by any k leads to minimal overlap.

This is similar to the problem of placing non-overlapping intervals, but in a way that shifting the intervals by any k results in as little overlap as possible. However, since the function can be any step function (not necessarily binary), maybe a more flexible approach is better.

Another approach is to use a function that is periodic with a period that divides 2, but maybe not. For example, if the function has a period of 1, then shifting by 0.5 would cause overlapping with the other half.

But I'm not sure. Let's think of the problem in terms of the overlap integral. The overlap integral for a shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since the function is over [0,2], the shift k can be in a certain range. For example, if k is larger than 2, the integral would be zero because the shifted function would not overlap. But since the integral is over all x, we need to consider all possible shifts k that could cause overlap.

But the original problem defines C5 as the maximum over k of the integral. The maximum could occur for shifts k in the range where the shifted function overlaps with the original function.

So, for the purpose of optimization, perhaps we can consider shifts up to a certain length. For example, the maximum relevant shift is 2, but in the code, they use np.correlate with mode 'full' which would give the convolution over all possible shifts. So the code's approach is to compute all possible shifts, but for the problem, we need to find the maximum over all k.

However, for the code, the maximum is taken over the full correlation, which is equivalent to all possible shifts. But in practice, for a function on [0, 2], the shifts that matter are those that result in overlapping intervals.

Hmm. So, given that, perhaps the function should be designed such that for any shift, the overlapping regions are as small as possible.

Now, the previous code starts with an initial guess, which is 45 points. The code then uses various generated functions like pulses, squares, saw, triangles, and random guesses. Then it uses SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize these.

But maybe there's a better way to generate the initial guesses. For example, perhaps using a series of pulses arranged periodically, or using a more mathematical construction.

Alternatively, maybe using a frequency-based approach, where the function is a sinusoidal function modulated to be within [0, 1]. However, the problem allows for any step function, not necessarily continuous.

Wait, the problem says h is a step function. So perhaps the function is piecewise constant, not necessarily continuous. So, the previous code uses functions that are built with numpy's linspace and then transformed. But maybe using a more structured way to create the initial guesses.

Another thought: since the optimal function is likely to be symmetric or have certain symmetries. For example, if the function is symmetric around 1, then shifting it by 0.5 would result in the same integral. So maybe designing the function to be symmetric could help in reducing the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs at certain specific shifts, maybe targeting those shifts in the optimization.

But how to model that? It's difficult to know which shifts are the worst. The previous code evaluates all possible shifts, so the optimization must consider all of them.

Perhaps the key is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, instead of using SLSQP and differential evolution, maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach. But given the time constraints, this may not be feasible.

Another idea is to use a more granular initial guess. For example, the initial guess is a 45-point array, which divides [0,2] into 45 intervals. Maybe using a different number of points, like 100 or 200, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for faster computation. So maybe using 100 points would be better? But then the code may take longer to run. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, so perhaps 100 points is within budget.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial guess's structure can be improved. The current initial_h_values is not under the user's control, but perhaps they can generate a better starting point. For example, if the initial guess is a function that has a certain pattern, like blocks of 0 and 1, arranged periodically.

But in the absence of the initial_h_values, the code must generate an initial guess. However, the problem says that the initial_h_values is available, so the code should use it directly.

Wait, the user wrote: "You may want to start your search from the current construction, which you can access through the `initial_h_values` global variable (n=45 samples). You are encouraged to explore solutions that use other starting points to prevent getting stuck in a local optimum."

So the previous code starts from the initial_h_values, which is given. The task is to find an improved upper bound. So perhaps the initial guess is good, but the optimization could be better.

In the previous code, the optimization uses several initial guesses that are generated with different pulse shapes. Maybe adding more diverse initial guesses could help. Also, maybe using different optimization strategies.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, maybe using a global optimization method like differential evolution or genetic algorithms could help find better solutions. The previous code uses differential evolution in addition to SLSQP. However, the previous code runs differential evolution for a limited number of iterations.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient implementation of the optimization steps, or adjusting the parameters to take more steps.

Another thing to consider is that the previous code uses a lot of different initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses could help, but with the time budget, doing more iterations might not be feasible.

Alternatively, focusing on a subset of the initial guesses that are more promising. For example, using the initial guess and some generated pulse functions with specific frequencies and duties, which might lead to better local optima.

Also, the code uses a refine step with SLSQP after the initial optimization. Maybe increasing the number of refine steps could lead to better convergence.

Another thing to note is the evaluation of the overlap. The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full' and then multiplies by dx. But since the maximum is taken over all shifts, the code's calculation of the maximum is correct. However, perhaps there's a more efficient way to compute this, but given the time constraints, it's probably acceptable.

Looking at the time budget, the previous code runs for 100 seconds. The current code uses multiple iterations of optimizing different guesses, but maybe the time is better spent on more effective optimization steps. For example, perhaps focusing on a few high-quality initial guesses and optimizing them thoroughly with SLSQP or other methods.

Another idea: since the problem is similar to a max-min problem, perhaps a better approach is to use a direct optimization method that attempts to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, formulating the problem as a convex optimization problem, but I'm not sure if that's possible.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral for each shift is a convex function in h, then the maximum over all shifts is a convex function, but I'm not certain. If that's the case, then the problem is convex, and convex optimization methods could be used. However, the problem is non-convex because the maximum is over a non-convex function.

Hmm. So this complicates things. Therefore, we're stuck with non-convex optimization, and need to rely on heuristics.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n=45). What if varying the number of points allows for better solutions? For example, using n=60 points instead of 45, but that would require more computation. However, since the user prefers smaller sequences, maybe 45 is better. But the user's current code uses 45, and the previous solution achieved C5=0.381142. So maybe even with 45 points, the code can be optimized further.

Another idea: perhaps the current code's initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, using more diverse shapes, like different pulse widths, or combining different functions.

Alternatively, generating the initial guesses by randomly perturbing the initial_h_values, which might help avoid local optima.

Another thing to consider is the constraints. The code uses an equality constraint to ensure the integral is 1. The optimization problem is constrained, so the code uses SLSQP which can handle equality constraints. However, perhaps using a different optimization method or adjusting the constraints could help.

In summary, the previous code uses a combination of initial guesses and optimization methods. To improve upon it, perhaps the following steps could be considered:

1. Use a more diverse set of initial guesses, including more structured functions (like periodic pulses, symmetric functions, etc.).
2. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for more thorough searching, such as increasing the maximum number of iterations or using tighter tolerances.
3. Use more efficient optimization methods, like combining differential evolution with SLSQP refinement.
4. Explore different numbers of points, balancing between the resolution and computation time.
5. Consider the symmetry of the function and design initial guesses that exploit it.

Given the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to modify the previous code to:

- Use a more refined initial guess generation, including more structured functions.
- Use a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP with more iterations.
- Focus on the best initial guesses and refine them more thoroughly.

But how to implement this in code? The previous code already uses differential evolution, but perhaps tweaking the parameters to allow more iterations.

Also, the previous code's initial_h_values is a 45-point array. Maybe generating a better initial guess by, for example, creating a function that has equal blocks of 1 and 0, spaced to minimize overlap. For example, if the function is 1 for intervals of length 0.2 and 0 for 0.2, etc., arranged periodically. However, the integral needs to be 1, so the total length of 1's would need to be 1.

For example, if the function is 1 for intervals of 0.2, then there would be 5 such intervals (0.2 * 5 = 1), and then the rest 0. So this creates a pattern of 1s and 0s. But this might lead to higher overlap when shifted. For instance, shifting by 0.2 would cause overlap between the 1s and the 0s. However, perhaps this is a good starting point for the optimization.

So, generating such initial guesses could be beneficial. The previous code already uses gen_pulses and gen_square functions, which create such patterns. Maybe adding more variations in these functions could help.

Another idea: using a function that is 1 on intervals placed such that the distance between them is larger than the length of the intervals, thus minimizing overlap when shifted. For example, placing the intervals with spacing equal to their length, ensuring that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

But how to compute this? For example, if the function is 1 for intervals of length d, placed at positions spaced by 2d, then shifting by d would cause overlapping. But the total length would be (number of intervals) * d. So, to have the integral of h equal to 1, the number of intervals multiplied by d must be 1.

This is similar to a periodic function with pulse trains. However, the exact placement would need to be determined. This might be a good starting point for generating initial guesses.

So, perhaps generating such initial guesses with different d values (like d=0.25, 0.3, etc.) could lead to better results.

Incorporating this into the code could involve generating initial guesses using pulse trains with specific spacing and duty cycles. This could be done using the gen_pulses function with varying frequencies and duties.

In the previous code, they generated pulses for frequencies 3 to 10 with duty 0.5. Maybe varying the duty cycles more could yield better results. Also, adding more frequencies or different functions (like triangle, sawtooth) could diversify the initial guesses.

Another thing: the code's refines step involves running SLSQP with more iterations. Increasing the number of refine steps could lead to better convergence.

Putting this all together, the plan is to modify the previous code to:

- Generate more structured initial guesses, including pulse trains with specific frequencies and duties.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms to allow more thorough searches.
- Use a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP refinement for better exploration and exploitation.
- Possibly use a different number of points if it leads to better performance.

Now, translating this into code. The previous code already has the gen_pulses, gen_saw, etc. functions. So, adding more of these with varied parameters could help.

Also, considering the time budget, perhaps running the differential evolution with more iterations might take too long. So, adjusting the parameters of differential evolution to use a lower number of generations but with a larger population size could be better.

Another thing to consider is that the calculation of the overlap integral is the main computational cost. The code uses np.correlate, which is efficient, but perhaps there's a way to vectorize the computation or optimize it further. However, this is likely already done.

In conclusion, to improve upon the previous approach, the code should focus on generating a diverse set of initial guesses with structured patterns, use more refined optimization steps, and possibly tweak the parameters of the optimization algorithms to allow for better exploration of the search space. This should lead to a better upper bound for C5.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_square(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((np.sign(wave) + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 11):
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_square(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=70,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```