<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of different guess functions and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better way to approach this. Let me think about how to improve upon that.

First, I recall that the problem involves minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The current approach starts with an initial guess and then tries various pulse, square, sawtooth, and random functions. But perhaps there's a better way to generate initial guesses or to refine the optimization process.

Hmm, maybe using a more structured approach could help. For example, the current method uses a few predefined functions but maybe adding more diverse initial guesses or using more sophisticated heuristics. Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization algorithm could converge better. However, the user mentioned that the previous code didn't achieve the target bound, so perhaps another angle is needed.

Wait, the problem is about harmonic analysis, so maybe there's a way to model the function h(x) using Fourier series or other harmonic components. But since the problem is a constrained optimization, maybe using a more deterministic approach with structured patterns could help. Like, maybe designing h(x) to have certain periodic properties that minimize the overlap.

Another thought: the current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, which are local optimization methods. Maybe a global optimization method could be better, but the code already includes differential evolution. However, the previous code might not be exploring the search space sufficiently. Perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses or using a more efficient exploration method would help.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given as a starting point. Maybe the problem is that the current code isn't exploring other regions of the search space enough. So, perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could lead to better results.

Alternatively, maybe the constraint ∫h(x)dx = 1 can be exploited in the design of h(x). For example, splitting the interval [0,2] into segments where h(x) is 1, 0, or varies in a way that balances the overlap. But how to translate that into a numerical method?

Another idea: the overlap integral is the maximum of the correlation between h and 1-h shifted by different k. So maybe the function h should have regions where it's 1 or 0 in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, maybe using a checkerboard pattern or alternating high and low regions with specific widths.

But how to create such a pattern numerically? Maybe using a combination of sine waves or other periodic functions. But the previous code already tried some pulse and square functions. Maybe trying more complex waveforms or combinations could help.

Wait, the current code uses a few predefined functions for generating initial guesses. Maybe adding more types of functions, like triangle waves with varying duty cycles, or more complex patterns, could lead to better initial points. For example, using a combination of different frequencies or duty cycles.

Alternatively, perhaps the code should use a more sophisticated optimization strategy. For instance, using a basin-hopping algorithm for global optimization, which combines local optimization with random perturbations. But I need to check if the scipy.optimize module includes such methods.

Wait, scipy.optimize doesn't have basin-hopping, but maybe using differential evolution with more iterations or better parameters could help. Also, the current code uses a limited number of iterations in differential evolution. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the population size could lead to better results, but that might take more time.

Another point: the code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses, especially varying the parameters of the functions, could help. For example, instead of just using frequencies 3 to 10, maybe try more frequencies or different duty cycles.

Wait, in the previous code, they generated guesses with frequencies from 3 to 10, and duty cycles of 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5. Maybe adding more frequencies or varying duty cycles more could help. Also, the random guesses are generated with uniform distributions and then normalized. But perhaps using other distributions, like Gaussian or other shapes, could lead to better initial points.

Alternatively, the code could use a more structured approach. For example, starting with a periodic function and then optimizing it. For example, using a function that has a certain number of peaks and valleys to minimize overlap when shifted.

Another idea: since the problem has a known lower bound of 0.38085, maybe the current code is not reaching there because the optimization is getting stuck in a local minimum. So, perhaps using a combination of different optimization strategies, like first using a global search to find a good region and then refining with a local optimizer, would help. The previous code does a bit of that with differential evolution followed by SLSQP, but maybe more iterations could help.

Wait, the code uses differential evolution for 5 times, each with 70 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the population size would help, but that might take more time. Also, the code could try different parameters, like mutation and recombination rates.

Also, the time budget is 100 seconds. The previous code uses differential evolution for 5 times, each with 70 iterations. Maybe the code could spend more time on differential evolution or other parts.

Another approach: the problem is similar to a maximum correlation problem, so perhaps using a gradient-based method with careful handling of constraints. However, the previous code uses SLSQP which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a different method or adding more constraints could help.

Alternatively, maybe the code should focus on a specific structure for h(x). For example, the optimal solution might have h(x) being 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, with minimal overlap when shifted. So, perhaps constructing h(x) as a union of intervals with certain lengths, ensuring that when shifted by k, the overlap is minimized.

But how to model that? Maybe using a binary or piecewise constant function. However, the problem allows for h(x) to be any step function with any number of steps. But the current code uses a step function with n_points samples. So, perhaps the optimal solution is a piecewise constant function with a specific structure.

But how to find that structure? Maybe using a genetic algorithm where the individual is represented as the positions and widths of the intervals where h(x) is 1. However, implementing a genetic algorithm might be time-consuming and perhaps not fit within the time budget.

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe using a dynamic programming approach. However, I'm not sure how to apply DP here.

Another thought: since the Cauchy-Schwarz inequality might provide some insight. The overlap integral is the inner product between h and 1-h shifted by k. But I'm not sure how to apply that directly.

Back to the previous code. The main issue might be that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. The current code uses a few predefined functions and some random guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different parameters could help. For example, instead of using fixed frequencies, vary them more, or use different waveforms.

Additionally, the code uses SLSQP with 300 iterations for refinement. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help, but again, time is a constraint. Also, the code could try more diverse initial functions.

Wait, the code uses a loop where it generates guesses with various functions. For example, pulses with different frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe generating more of these, especially with varying parameters, could lead to better initial points.

Alternatively, perhaps using a combination of all these functions and then using a more global optimization method could lead to better results. But the previous code already uses differential evolution, which is a global optimizer.

Another angle: the problem is to minimize the maximum of the correlation. So, maybe the function h(x) should be designed to have minimal correlation with its shifted versions. This is similar to designing a low autocorrelation sequence. For example, in communications, sequences with low autocorrelation are used to minimize interference.

Wait, this is similar to the concept of a " Barker code", which has the property of minimal autocorrelation. However, Barker codes are usually for binary sequences, but maybe there's a similar concept applicable here.

The Erdős problem is related to the maximum overlap of a function with its shifted versions. So, maybe the optimal h(x) should be similar to a sequence with low autocorrelation.

But how to translate that into a function h(x) with the constraint ∫h(x)dx = 1?

Alternatively, consider that the optimal function h(x) is designed to be as "spread out" as possible over the interval [0, 2], such that shifting it doesn't result in a high overlap. So, perhaps using a function that is 1 in certain intervals that are spread out, and 0 elsewhere.

But how to model this numerically? Maybe the previous approach of using step functions with varying frequencies and duty cycles can be improved by using more sophisticated patterns.

Another idea: the current code might benefit from using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, instead of multiple functions, use a more systematic approach, like generating a function that is a combination of sine waves with certain frequencies, ensuring both the integral condition and low overlap.

But again, this is a bit abstract. Let me think about what the previous code does. It has a starting point, and then generates various functions like pulses, squares, sawtooths, etc. Then it uses SLSQP and differential evolution to refine them. The problem is that the initial guesses might not be sufficient.

Perhaps I should focus on generating more diverse initial functions. For example, including functions with different periods and duty cycles, or using a combination of functions. Also, generating more random initial guesses.

Alternatively, consider that the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help the optimization process find a better solution. But how to generate them efficiently?

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method for the refinement steps. For example, instead of SLSQP, using a different method like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm. But I'm not sure.

Another point: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points) which is 45, as per the initial_h_values. However, the problem allows for different n_points. Maybe using a different n_points could yield better results. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So, perhaps trying with a smaller n_points could be better. But the initial_h_values has n_points = 45, and it's not clear if changing that would help.

Wait, the user mentioned that the previous program achieved a C₅ bound of 0.381142, which is slightly worse than the current record of 0.38085. So, perhaps the code can be modified to get closer to that target.

Maybe the key is to use a more efficient optimization strategy. For example, using a combination of multiple optimization methods, like starting with differential evolution to explore the search space and then using SLSQP to refine the solution.

Alternatively, using a more aggressive refinement step. For instance, the current code runs SLSQP refinement multiple times. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or the number of SLSQP iterations could help.

Also, the code has a time budget of 100 seconds. The previous code uses differential evolution for 5 iterations, each with 70 maxiter. Maybe increasing that number could lead to better results, but would take more time. However, the code checks the time and breaks early if near the budget.

Another thought: since the integral constraint is ∫h(x)dx = 1, maybe using a parametrization that automatically satisfies this constraint. For example, representing h as a sum of functions that integrate to 1. For instance, using a probability distribution function, but that might not help directly.

Alternatively, using a parametric function that is designed to have a certain integral. For example, a piecewise linear function that rises to 1 and then falls back down, ensuring the area is 1. But again, how to model this numerically.

Another idea: the problem is similar to the problem of designing a function with minimal maximum overlap. Maybe trying to find a function that is a union of intervals where the function is 1, and the intervals are spaced in such a way that shifting them doesn't create high overlap. For example, if the function is 1 on intervals of length L, spaced such that the distance between intervals is greater than L/2. This would minimize overlap when shifted. However, the exact spacing needs to be optimized.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem? For example, choosing the positions and widths of the intervals such that the overlap is minimized. However, this could be a complex problem, but maybe using a simulated annealing approach could help find such a pattern.

But again, implementing such an approach would be time-consuming, and the previous code didn't use this.

Hmm, perhaps the key is to generate better initial guesses. Let's think about the initial_h_values. If the initial guess is already decent, maybe the problem is that the optimization is not efficient enough. But the previous code used a combination of different methods to refine the guess.

Maybe the code can be modified to generate more initial guesses with varying parameters. For example, varying frequencies more, or using different waveforms.

Alternatively, using a different approach to generate the initial guesses. For instance, generating functions with more complex structures, like a combination of different frequencies or duty cycles.

Another point: in the code, the gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, and gen_square functions generate functions based on frequency and duty cycle. Maybe trying to generate functions with different numbers of peaks or varying waveforms could help. For example, adding functions with more harmonics.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated waveform, like a combination of multiple sine waves with different frequencies, strategically chosen to minimize overlap.

But how to model this in code? Maybe generating a function that is the sum of several sinusoidal components, but ensuring that the integral is 1. This could be complex, but perhaps feasible.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal h(x) is a function that is 1 on certain parts of the interval and 0 elsewhere, but arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap much. For example, if the function is 1 on [0, a], [b, c], [d, e], etc., such that shifting the intervals by small amounts doesn't cause overlap.

But how to find such a configuration? It's similar to a packing problem, where intervals are placed to minimize overlap. But the exact configuration depends on the shift parameter k. However, the goal is to minimize the maximum overlap over all k.

This seems related to the problem of optimizing the function's shape to minimize the maximum shift overlap, which is exactly what the Erdős problem is about.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem? Perhaps using a strategy where the function is divided into segments, and the positions of the segments are optimized. This could be a more structured approach, but it might be challenging to implement without getting stuck in local optima.

Another angle: considering that the overlap integral is the expectation of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) over x. To minimize the maximum of this for all k. This resembles a problem of designing a function that is completely orthogonal to its shifted versions as much as possible. This is similar to the concept of a function with low autocorrelation.

In signal processing, low autocorrelation sequences are used to minimize interference. Perhaps the Erdős problem can be approached by finding a function similar to these sequences.

For example, the optimal function could be designed such that it has the maximum possible "spread" over the interval [0, 2], which would reduce the overlap when shifted. This could be achieved by ensuring that the function has certain periodic properties or specific structures.

But how to apply this to numerical optimization? Maybe using a function that is a combination of different frequencies with certain phase shifts to cancel out overlaps. However, this requires careful tuning.

Alternatively, using a mathematical construction known to have low autocorrelation. For example, using a function derived from a Fourier series with terms chosen to minimize the autocorrelation.

But again, translating this into code is non-trivial.

In the absence of knowing the exact mathematical construction, perhaps the best approach is to improve the existing code by generating more diverse initial guesses and using more efficient optimization techniques.

Looking back at the code, perhaps the main issue is that the initial guesses are not varied enough. For example, using functions with different frequencies and duty cycles. So, expanding the range of frequencies tried or adding more variation in duty cycles could help.

Another idea: instead of generating predefined functions, generate random functions that are more likely to be good candidates. For instance, using a random permutation of 1s and 0s, but scaled to meet the integral condition. However, this might not be efficient.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated random generation method, such as a Markov chain, where the function is generated with certain properties that are likely to yield low overlap.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm where the fitness function is the C₅ value, and the population is evolved over generations. This could potentially explore the search space more thoroughly. However, implementing this within the time constraints might be challenging, but it's worth considering.

But due to time and code complexity constraints, perhaps the best approach is to enhance the existing code by generating more varied initial guesses and refining the optimization steps.

So, code modifications:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses generated, covering more function types and parameters.
2. Use more diverse functions for initial guesses, such as different waveforms with varying frequencies and duty cycles.
3. Adjust the parameters of differential evolution and SLSQP to allow for more thorough exploration.
4. Add more iterations or increase the population size in differential evolution.
5. Use a more efficient optimization method for refinement steps.

Let me try to outline these changes.

First, expand the initial guesses by generating more functions. For example, trying different waveforms and more frequencies.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with frequencies from 3 to 10. Maybe expanding this range or adding more frequencies.

Also, adding more duty cycles. For example, trying more duty cycles in the range 0.1 to 0.9.

Another change: in the code's guess generation, perhaps using different functions like triangle, sawtooth, square, pulse, etc., and varying their parameters more.

Additionally, in the current code, the random guesses are generated by taking a uniform distribution and normalizing. Maybe generating random guesses with a different distribution, such as a sine wave with random frequency and phase, but ensuring the integral is 1.

But how to ensure the integral is 1? Well, the code does normalize after generation, so that's handled.

Another idea: in the code, the 'gen_random' function is used multiple times. Maybe adding more random guesses with different parameters could help.

Now, in terms of the refinement steps. The current code uses SLSQP for refinement. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps or allowing more iterations could help.

But given the time constraint, perhaps the code needs to be optimized.

Another possible change: instead of using a fixed set of initial guesses, use a more systematic way to generate them, like a grid search over possible frequency and duty cycle parameters.

Alternatively, use a parameter sweep of the frequency and duty cycle for the predefined functions.

In code terms:

For example, the current code has:

for freq in range(3, 11):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_square(freq, 0.5))

Maybe expanding that to include more frequencies and more duty cycles.

Alternatively, adding more guesses that combine different functions.

Now, considering that the code may not be exploring enough, let's adjust the code to generate more initial guesses.

Another thought: the current code uses a few functions, but maybe the optimal function is a combination of multiple waveforms. For example, adding a function that is a combination of a square wave and a triangle wave.

However, generating such functions would require more code, but perhaps it's worth trying.

In terms of code, perhaps the following changes can be made:

1. Increase the number of frequencies tried for the pulse and square functions. For example, go from 3 to 15 or something, but keeping it within the time budget.

2. Vary the duty cycle more, not just 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, but more values.

3. Add more functions like triangle and sawtooth with more varied parameters.

4. Generate more random guesses, perhaps with more iterations.

5. Adjust the differential evolution settings to allow more iterations.

But how to implement this within the code constraints.

Given that the previous code already has several guesses, maybe adding more to that list.

In the current code's guess generation, the following lines are present:

for freq in range(3, 11):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_square(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
for _ in range(5):
    guesses.append(gen_random())

Maybe adding more frequencies, more duty cycles, and more functions.

So, for example, adding more frequencies in the range, say, 3 to 15, and varying the duty cycles.

For example:

for freq in range(3, 15):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.25))
    guesses.append(gen_square(freq, 0.25))
    guesses.append(gen_square(freq, 0.75))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.25))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.75))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.25))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.75))

This would generate a lot more initial guesses, but it's possible that this could increase the chances of finding a good starting point.

However, this would increase the number of guesses, which might take more time to evaluate, but given that the code has a time budget, perhaps it's worth trying.

Another idea is to increase the number of iterations in the differential evolution step. For example, using more maxiter.

Alternatively, use a higher population size in differential evolution to explore the search space more thoroughly.

Also, in the refinement step, increasing the number of SLSQP iterations could help.

But the previous code already has a refinement step with 300 iterations. Maybe increasing that could help, but again, it depends on the time available.

Given all these possibilities, the main idea is to generate more diverse initial guesses and refine them more thoroughly.

Another point: the initial_h_values could be a starting point that the code can improve upon. But in the current code, the initial guess is used as a starting point. However, the code may not be properly adjusting it if the initial guess is not good.

So, perhaps the best approach is to modify the code to generate more varied initial guesses, and use a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP to refine them.

Now, considering the code structure, here's a plan for modification:

- Expand the initial guesses by adding more frequencies and duty cycles.
- Increase the number of random initial guesses.
- Adjust the parameters of differential evolution to allow for more iterations.
- Increase the number of refinement steps and iterations.

But how to do this within the 100 seconds time budget.

Let me think about how to adjust the code.

In the current code, the 'guesses' list is built with a limited number of functions. To expand it, we can modify the loops.

For example, changing the range of frequencies to 3 to 15, and adding more duty cycles:

for freq in range(3, 15):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.25))
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.75))
    guesses.append(gen_square(freq, 0.25))
    guesses.append(gen_square(freq, 0.75))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.25))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.75))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.25))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.75))

This would generate a lot more guesses, but it's worth trying.

Additionally, adding more random guesses:

for _ in range(10):
    guesses.append(gen_random())

Instead of the previous 5 iterations.

Also, in the differential evolution step, increasing the maxiter from 70 to, say, 100, and increasing the population size from 150 to 200.

But the code has to be adjusted to fit the time budget.

Another adjustment is to use a more efficient optimization method, like using the COBYLA method in SLSQP, which handles bounds more efficiently.

Alternatively, the code could use a combination of methods, like starting with differential evolution and then using SLSQP for local refinement.

Given all these considerations, here's how the code could be modified:

1. Generate more initial guesses by varying frequencies and duty cycles more extensively.
2. Increase the number of random guesses.
3. Tune the parameters of differential evolution to allow more iterations and a larger population.
4. Increase the number of refinement steps and iterations in SLSQP.

But I need to code these changes.

Now, considering the code structure, here's the plan:

- Modify the guess generation part to include more functions.
- Adjust the parameters for differential evolution (like maxiter, popsize).
- Increase the number of refinement steps.

But without knowing the exact impact, it's hard to say. However, these are standard optimization improvements.

Another possible optimization: the current code uses a single initial_h_values. Perhaps the initial_h_values could be a better starting point if modified, but the user says to use the initial_h_values directly and not redefine it.

In summary, the main changes would involve generating more diverse initial guesses, refining the optimization steps, and adjusting parameters to allow for better exploration of the search space.

Now, to implement this in code:

The code will generate more initial guesses with various frequencies and duty cycles, use more random guesses, and adjust the differential evolution parameters.

But I need to make sure that the code stays within the time budget and doesn't take longer than 100 seconds.

Another idea: instead of using differential evolution for 5 times, use it once with higher parameters and then refine with SLSQP. Or, use differential evolution with a larger population and more iterations, then refine.

But again, the time budget is tight.

Now, considering the previous code, the 'gen_random' function is used 5 times. Let's increase that to 10 times.

Also, the earlier code's guess generation for frequencies 3-10 could be adjusted to include more frequencies.

In the generated code, the following lines would be modified:

The range for frequencies could be expanded. For example, from 3 to 20.

But to avoid making the code too slow, maybe 3 to 15 is reasonable.

So, in code, the loop would become:

for freq in range(3, 15):
    # add various functions for this frequency

Additionally, for the duty cycles, varying more values.

This could help generate more initial guesses.

Now, considering the time, increasing the number of initial guesses might slow down the code, but it's worth trying for a potentially better solution.

In conclusion, the modified code would generate more initial guesses with varied parameters, use more differential evolution iterations, and refine the solution more thoroughly.

Thus, the final code would incorporate these changes to potentially get a better C₅ bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_square(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((np.sign(wave) + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 15):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.25))
        guesses.append(gen_square(freq, 0.25))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.25))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.25))
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.75))
        guesses.append(gen_square(freq, 0.75))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.75))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.75))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=200, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 400, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```