<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral using a step function h. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe there's a better approach.

First, I need to understand the problem better. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum of the cross-correlation of h and (1 - h) over all shifts. Since the integral is multiplied by dx, which is 2/n_points, the values are scaled accordingly.

The current best C₅ is 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. The initial construction uses h with 45 points. The previous approach tried various guess functions (pulses, saw, triangle, square) and used optimization methods. However, maybe we can do better with different strategies.

Let me think about possible improvements. Maybe using a different optimization method or more efficient initial guesses. Also, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps considering symmetry or specific patterns that balance the function.

Another thought: the problem resembles a covering problem where we need to spread out the 1s in h such that when shifted, the overlap with the 0s (i.e., 1 - h) is minimized. So, h should be designed to avoid overlapping too much with itself when shifted by different k.

The initial code used a combination of different waveform generators, like pulses and square waves, which might not be optimal. Maybe generating more structured patterns, like periodic or fractal-like structures, could help.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm with a more efficient selection and mutation strategy. Or using a hybrid approach that combines different optimization techniques.

Wait, the previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution. What about using a different optimization method, like a gradient-based approach with more adaptive steps, or using a more efficient solver like COBYLA or another bound-constrained method?

Also, considering that the problem is about minimizing the maximum of a function, maybe we can use a penalty method where we penalize large overlaps. But perhaps a better approach is to look for patterns that are more evenly distributed.

Another idea: since the function is periodic over [0,2], maybe the optimal h has a structure that repeats every certain interval. For example, dividing the interval into equal parts and placing the 1s in a way that their shifts don't overlap too much.

But how to model that? Maybe using a grid-based approach where each point is assigned a value based on its position relative to a set of intervals.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a scheduling problem, where each 1 in h represents a resource and shifting (k) corresponds to different time slots. The goal is to arrange resources to minimize overlaps with their shifted versions.

Another angle: the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). To minimize the maximum over k, h(x) should be designed so that for any shift k, the product h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) is as small as possible.

So, for each x and k, if h(x) is 1, then (1 - h(x + k)) should be 0, meaning h(x + k) should be 1. But this is only possible if the function is constant, which isn't allowed. Therefore, there's a trade-off.

Perhaps using a function that alternates between 1 and 0 with some periodicity. For example, a triangular wave or a sine wave with a certain duty cycle. But how to adjust the parameters to minimize the overlap?

The previous code tried generating various waveforms, but perhaps there's a more systematic way. Maybe using a combination of different frequencies or adjusting the duty cycle to find a better balance.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is a convex optimization problem in some way. But since the objective function is the maximum of linear (but non-convex) functions, it's non-convex. So, convex optimization might not work directly.

Another approach: using a greedy algorithm where we iteratively adjust h to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, identify the shift k with the highest overlap, and then adjust h to reduce that overlap by shifting some intervals where h(x) is 1 to 0 and vice versa, ensuring the integral constraint is maintained.

But greedy methods can get stuck in local minima. Maybe combining this with a more global search.

Wait, the previous code used differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but maybe with a different parameter setup, it could find better solutions. Also, the initial guess could be more effective.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed set of initial guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For instance, using different noise patterns, more structured waveforms, or even random permutations of existing patterns.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization strategy for the SLSQP steps. Perhaps adjusting the constraints or the optimization parameters to converge more quickly.

Also, the problem requires that the sum of h is exactly n_points / 2. This is a hard constraint, which the previous code handled with a equality constraint. However, during optimization, numerical issues can arise, so ensuring that the constraints are handled properly is important.

What about using a parametric approach? For example, if h is designed as a set of intervals where the function is 1 or 0. Then, the problem becomes finding optimal intervals that minimize the overlap. But this might be complex.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective optimization approach where we aim to minimize the maximum overlap while maintaining the integral constraint.

Another idea inspired by the Erdos problem's original solution: the optimal h may correspond to a set of points where each 1 is spaced in a way that their shifts don't overlap too much. For example, using a set of points that are spread out over the interval, perhaps as evenly as possible.

But how to translate this into a function h? Maybe using a step function with intervals placed at regular intervals. However, with the integral constraint, the number of intervals would need to be adjusted.

Wait, the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. If h is a step function with m intervals where the value is 1, then the total length of those intervals must be 1. So, for example, if we have m intervals, each of length (1/m), then the sum is 1. But the placement of these intervals would affect the overlaps.

But how to choose the positions of these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap? This seems similar to a covering problem, but again, how to model this.

Perhaps, for a given number of intervals, placing them in a way that maximizes the minimal spacing between them. For example, if h is a step function with k intervals of length 1/k each, placed uniformly.

But since the interval is [0,2], maybe distributing the intervals such that their positions are shifted by a certain amount. However, this is quite vague and may not directly apply.

Another approach: since the overlap integral depends on the cross-correlation of h with (1 - h), maybe the problem can be transformed into finding h such that the cross-correlation is minimized. This resembles a problem in signal processing, where we want to design a signal that when convolved with its complement has minimal peak.

In signal processing, this could be similar to designing a signal with certain spectral properties. For example, maybe using a signal with minimal auto-correlation, which is a well-known problem. However, the auto-correlation here is not exactly the same as the problem here, because the function is convolved with (1 - h) instead of h itself.

Alternatively, thinking in terms of modulation: maybe using a function with a certain frequency that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, a function with a high frequency, so that when shifted, the overlap with the original is less.

But how to balance this with the integral constraint.

Perhaps, for a given number of intervals, the optimal h is one that is as regular as possible. For example, a sequence of intervals placed periodically, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values might be a certain pattern, and perhaps modifying that pattern could lead to better results. For instance, if the initial h is a combination of different waveforms, perhaps adjusting their duty cycles or frequencies could yield better overlap.

But I need to find a way to code this in Python, within the constraints of the problem. The code must be efficient, within 100 seconds, and use the given libraries.

Considering the previous code's approach, perhaps trying to improve the initial guesses. The previous code tried generating various waves and random samples. Maybe adding more structured initial guesses could help.

Another idea: use a simulated annealing approach. However, implementing that from scratch might be complicated. Alternatively, using a different optimization method like a genetic algorithm with more efficient selection.

Alternatively, enhance the existing methods by adjusting the parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution, or using a more efficient starting point.

Another possible improvement: since the problem involves a maximum over all k, perhaps the maximum occurs at specific shifts. For example, shifts that are equal to the length of the interval. Therefore, focusing the optimization on those shifts might be more efficient.

But how to identify those shifts. Maybe for a given h, compute the cross-correlation and focus on the shifts that have the highest overlaps, then optimize for those.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first doing a global search with differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then using SLSQP for refinement.

Wait, the previous code already does that. For the initial guesses, it uses various waveforms, and then runs differential evolution. Then, refining with SLSQP.

Perhaps the issue is with the initial guesses not being effective. For example, the generated pulses and square waves might not be optimal. Maybe trying different waveforms or more tailored initial guesses.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is symmetric, maybe using a function that has a certain periodicity. For example, a function that is periodic with period 2/3, which is a fraction of the interval.

Another thought: since the integral is 1, the average value of h is 1/2. So, the function h is balanced between 0 and 1. Maybe the optimal h is such that for any shift k, the overlap integral is around 0.38, which is the current best.

But how to construct such a h.

Alternatively, looking for a h that is a periodic function with a certain frequency, such that when shifted by k, the overlap is minimal. For example, using a sine wave with a certain frequency and phase.

But in the previous code, they tried generating sine-like functions with different frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe adjusting those parameters more carefully.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed set of initial guesses, perhaps using a more adaptive approach. For example, evaluating the current best solution, then generating perturbations around it, and optimizing those.

But how to code that within the time constraints.

Alternatively, using a metaheuristic approach where we start with a good initial guess and then perform a series of small perturbations and optimize each.

Alternatively, maybe using a coordinate descent approach, where we fix all but one variable and optimize that variable, then iterate.

But this might not be efficient enough for the given problem.

Another possible approach is to consider the problem as a quadratic optimization problem. However, since the objective is the maximum of several linear functions, it's non-convex, making it hard to solve directly.

Alternatively, using a branch and bound method, but that might be too slow for large n_points.

Considering the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization steps. For example, generating more varied initial guesses and using more efficient optimization parameters.

Wait, in the previous code, the initial_h_values is used as the first guess, and then other guesses are generated. Maybe modifying the initial guesses to be more effective. For example, generating a h that is a combination of different waveforms, or a more optimal pattern.

Alternatively, using the initial h as a starting point and then perturbing it to explore better solutions.

Another idea: the current code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point, but perhaps the initial construction isn't optimal. If I can generate a better initial guess, that could lead to better results. However, the problem states that the initial_h_values are provided and should be used directly, so I can't change that.

But perhaps, combining the initial guess with other waveform-based patterns could yield better initial solutions.

Alternatively, trying to use a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using a different solver with more aggressive parameters.

Also, in the previous code, the differential evolution is run with a popsize of 150 and maxiter of 70. Perhaps increasing the population size or the number of iterations could lead to better results, but within the time budget.

Another thing to note: the evaluation of the overlap integral is done using np.correlate. For a step function h, the cross-correlation would involve the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). This is equivalent to the integral over x of h(x) - h(x)h(x + k). Since the integral of h(x) is 1, the first term is 1, and the second term is the overlap. So, the overlap integral is 1 - integral(h(x)h(x +k)), but wait: no. Wait, the original problem defines C₅ as the max over k of integral h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. Expanding this, it's the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. The first term is 1 (since the constraint is that the integral of h is 1). So, C₅ = max_k [1 - integral h(x)h(x +k) dx]. Therefore, minimizing the max of this is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx for k. Wait, no: since C₅ is the max of [1 - ...], and we want to minimize C₅, that's equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral over k of h(x)h(x +k) dx. Wait, this is getting a bit confusing, but the main point is that the overlap integral can be expressed in terms of the auto-correlation of h.

But maybe this observation can help in designing h. For instance, maximizing the minimal value of the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx across k would minimize the maximum overlap. So, if we can find a h that is as uniformly distributed as possible over the interval, then its auto-correlation might be lower for all shifts.

But again, how to translate this into a numerical approach.

Another idea: use a function that is as spectrally flat as possible. This would imply that when shifted, the overlaps are spread out. For example, a function that combines multiple frequencies to achieve a flatter spectrum, which might reduce the peak correlation.

But how to construct such a function numerically. Perhaps using a function that is a sum of sinusoids with different frequencies, but ensuring the integral constraint.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve upon the existing code by making the following changes:

1. Use more diverse initial guesses.
2. Adjust the optimization parameters for better convergence.
3. Refine the solution more thoroughly.
4. Use a different solver or combination of solvers.

For example, in the previous code, they use SLSQP for refinement after DE. Maybe using a different solver like COBYLA or an interior-point method could be more effective.

Another possible improvement: using a warm start from the best solution found so far and refining it with different optimization methods.

Also, the previous code uses several guesses, including pulse, square, saw, triangle waves. Maybe adding more waveforms, such as a combination of these, or other patterns.

Alternatively, generating random permutations or other structured patterns for initial guesses.

In terms of code, the previous approach starts with the initial_h_values, then adds guesses based on waveforms. Perhaps adding more initial guesses could help.

But the code must be efficient and fit within 100 seconds. So, generating too many initial guesses might be time-consuming.

Another thought: the current code uses DE with popsize=150 and maxiter=70. Perhaps reducing the population size and increasing the number of iterations, but ensuring that the total time doesn't exceed the budget.

Also, after the initial DE runs, the code continues with refinement using SLSQP. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps could yield better results.

In code, the number of refinement steps is 10. Maybe increasing that to 20 or more, but keeping an eye on the time.

Another aspect is the constraint handling. The code handles the constraint as an equality constraint in SLSQP and DE. Maybe the DE implementation is not handling the constraint well, leading to suboptimal solutions.

Alternatively, using a different constraint formulation, like penalty methods, might help, but that could complicate the code.

Given all these thoughts, perhaps the key improvements are:

- Improve the initial guesses by generating more effective waveforms.
- Adjust the optimization parameters for better convergence.
- Use more stringent refinement steps.
- Possibly combine different optimization techniques.

In terms of code modifications, here's what I can do:

1. Generate a base initial guess from the initial_h_values, then add new guesses based on more complex waveforms or randomized patterns.
2. Use a more efficient optimization method for the refinement steps, such as the SLSQP with tighter tolerances.
3. Increase the number of refinement iterations.
4. Ensure that the DE is running with sufficient iterations and population size to find good initial guesses.

For the code, I'll start by using the initial_h_values as the base, then generate additional guesses. For example, adding more waveforms with different frequencies and duty cycles. Also, adding more random guesses to avoid local optima.

Another possible improvement is to use the initial_h_values and then generate new guesses by perturbing it slightly, such as adding small random noise to the values. This could explore the space around the initial guess more effectively.

However, considering the code length and efficiency, I need to code this without using too many lines. The previous code already has several waveform generation functions. Maybe adding more of them.

Alternatively, using a combination of the previous guesses and adding more structured patterns.

Also, the code checks the time and stops the DE runs if the budget is near. Perhaps adjusting the number of DE runs and refinement steps accordingly.

Another thing: the current code uses dx *= 2.0 / n_points, but that's handled in the obj function. Maybe ensuring that the dx is correctly computed.

In terms of the code structure, I'll need to make sure that the run function starts with the provided initial_h_values, then generates more guesses, and applies the optimization steps with the best parameters possible.

In summary, the improved code would include:

- More diverse initial guesses.
- Better optimization parameters.
- More refinement steps.
- Possibly a more efficient initial guess generation.

Now, translating these ideas into code, while keeping the code concise and within the token limits.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x) * duty + 1, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 11):
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=120, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(6):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```