<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the goal is to get lower than that, like 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization starting from an initial guess. The task is to improve upon that.

First, let's understand the problem. The function h is a step function on [0,2], with integral 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Lower values of this maximum are better, so the goal is to minimize this maximum.

The previous approach tried various initial guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Then used SLSQP and differential evolution for optimization. However, it's possible that the current approach is stuck in a local minimum, so we need to try different strategies.

One idea is to use a more structured approach. Maybe using a periodic function that's designed to minimize overlap. Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps a function that alternates between high and low values in a way that when shifted, it overlaps as little as possible.

Another thought is to use a more efficient optimization algorithm. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe a different method could converge faster. For example, using a genetic algorithm? Or perhaps using convex optimization techniques if the problem can be transformed into a convex one.

Wait, the problem is non-convex because the objective function involves max over k of an integral. So convex optimization might not apply directly. But perhaps some relaxation or approximation can be made.

Alternatively, maybe using a more sophisticated initialization. The initial guess given is from initial_h_values with n=45 samples. Maybe generating different initial guesses with varying structures could help avoid local optima.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of points. Maybe trying different n_points could be beneficial. The user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. However, the current code uses n=45, which is small. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a better approximation, but with the time constraints, it's a trade-off.

Another angle: the correlation is being computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'). For a step function h, the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This is equivalent to the convolution, but since we are considering all k, the maximum of the correlation values over all possible shifts k.

So, the problem reduces to finding a function h such that when shifted by any k, the overlap between h and its complement (1-h) is minimized. The maximum of these overlaps is C₅.

To minimize this maximum, perhaps h should be designed to have a certain periodicity or structure that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, if h is a periodic function with certain frequency and duty cycle, maybe this can lead to lower maximum overlap.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], the average value of h is 0.5. Therefore, the function h should be a 0.5 duty cycle function in some way. For instance, a square wave with duty cycle 0.5 would have average 0.5, but its overlap with itself would be high. So perhaps a more complex pattern is needed.

The initial approach tried various waveforms. Maybe trying to combine multiple waveforms or using more sophisticated patterns could help. For example, using a combination of square waves with different frequencies, or using a piecewise linear function.

Alternatively, maybe using a random construction but with a better initialization. For example, instead of random guesses, maybe using a random permutation of intervals that alternate between high and low values.

Wait, the current code uses gen_random() which randomly generates h, normalizes it to have the correct sum. But maybe a more informed random generation would be better, like starting with a certain pattern and then perturbing it.

Another possibility is to use a more effective optimization technique. The previous approach used SLSQP for local optimization and differential evolution for global search. Maybe combining with other methods, like simulated annealing, or using a different optimizer for the initial steps.

But with the time constraint of 100 seconds, the code must be efficient. The previous code uses SLSQP with 150 iterations and differential evolution with 50 iterations. Maybe the hyperparameters could be tuned for better performance.

Wait, perhaps the previous code uses a 45-point function, but maybe using more points could allow for a more precise construction. However, the code might be too slow if n_points is increased. The user says that smaller sequences are preferred, but if the current approach isn't working, perhaps increasing n_points slightly could help, as long as it's under 1000.

Another idea: since the maximum is over all k, perhaps we can model this as a maximization problem and use some kind of dual optimization. For example, for a given h, the maximum overlap is determined by the worst-case shift k. To minimize this maximum, maybe we can use a method that ensures that for all k, the overlap is bounded, perhaps by some symmetry or design constraint.

In the previous code, the optimization uses the max of the correlation, which is the same as the maximum overlap. The problem is that the correlation might have multiple peaks, and the optimization is trying to minimize the maximum peak.

An alternative approach is to use a method that directly minimizes the maximum overlap over all shifts. However, this is equivalent to the original problem.

Alternatively, perhaps using a method like the "minimax" approach, where we find h that balances the overlaps across different shifts. But how to do this numerically?

Another thought: since the overlap integral for a shift k is the same as the expected value of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) where x is uniformly distributed over the interval. So maybe the problem can be rephrased in terms of expectations, which might suggest some probabilistic method or analysis.

Alternatively, considering that the function h is defined on [0,2], and when shifted by k, the overlap is the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Let's make a substitution y = x + k. The integral becomes ∫_{-k}^{2 -k} h(y - k)(1 - h(y)) dy. Since h is defined on [0, 2], the integrand is non-zero only when y - k is in [0, 2] and y is in [0, 2]. Therefore, the integral might have different regions depending on the value of k. However, the maximum over k would cover all possible shifts, which complicates things.

But for the purpose of optimization, the maximum over k is what's important. So perhaps focusing on k values that are in a certain range, like between 0 and 2, but since the function is periodic (though not necessarily), maybe the worst-case k is between 0 and the period of h.

But I'm not sure. The problem is quite complex, and the previous approach seems to be a heuristic that's not getting better than 0.381142. To improve it, maybe trying different initializations, using different optimization steps, or even a different algorithm.

Let me think about the previous code's approach. It starts with initial_h_values, then adds several guess functions (pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves) and random samples. Then it uses SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize.

An alternative approach could be to use a different optimizer, like the Nelder-Mead simplex method, or use a particle swarm optimization. However, these methods might be slower or require more tuning.

Another idea is to use a more structured initial guess. The current code uses initial_h_values, but maybe generating a better initial guess could be better. For example, dividing the interval into regions where h alternates between high and low values. For example, a 3-level step function with certain periods.

Alternatively, since the problem is similar to some optimization in signal processing, perhaps using a filter or a certain design to create a function that has minimal overlap with its shifted version.

Wait, the overlap integral is equivalent to the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. So minimizing the maximum of this cross-correlation. So perhaps we can model this as finding h such that its cross-correlation with 1-h is minimized in peak value.

In signal processing terms, this is like designing a signal h with certain properties so that when you cross-correlate it with its complement, the peak is as low as possible.

This might suggest using techniques from signal design, like minimizing self-correlation, which is related to the concept of a "low autocorrelation" sequence.

But the problem here isn't exactly autocorrelation; it's cross-correlation with the complement. However, there may be similar techniques.

In the case of a low autocorrelation sequence (like in radar), the goal is to minimize the autocorrelation, which is similar to maximizing the peak of the cross-correlation, but here we want to minimize it.

So perhaps techniques used in designing such sequences could be applicable.

For instance, using a sequence with high cross-correlation, but this seems counterproductive.

Alternatively, using a binary sequence that's balanced and has good spread. But the function h is a step function, not necessarily binary. However, maybe using a binary approach would be better.

Wait, the function h is a step function, so it can take any value between 0 and 1, not just 0 or 1. But perhaps a binary function (taking values 0 or 1) would be optimal. However, the problem's constraints require the integral to be 1, so a binary function would have exactly half of the interval set to 1, which is the same as h being 0.5 on the interval. But then the overlap would be 0.5 * (1 - 0.5) * 2 = 0.5, which is worse than the current record. Therefore, a binary function isn't helpful here.

Wait, no. If h is a binary function, then h(x) is either 0 or 1. The integral is sum of the lengths of the set where h is 1. So to have integral 1 over [0,2], the measure of the set where h is 1 must be 1. Let's say we have a binary function h with measure 1, then the overlap integral for shift k would be the measure of the set where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. This is the same as the length of the intersection between the support of h and the support of 1-h shifted by k. This is similar to the classical problem of minimizing the maximum of such intersections.

This is known in the literature. For instance, the problem of covering or packing intervals. The best known solution for such a problem might have a certain structure, like a sequence of intervals that are spaced out.

For example, if the support of h is divided into N intervals of length 1/N each, arranged in a way that they are spaced out so that their overlaps with shifted versions are minimized. However, with the integral being 1, the total length of the support of h is 1, so if the interval [0,2] has length 2, the density is 0.5. So maybe designing h as two intervals of length 0.5 each, but positioned to minimize overlap with shifted versions.

But this is for a binary h. However, the problem allows h to be any step function, which could be more flexible. So perhaps a more optimal solution exists.

But given that the current record is 0.38085, which is lower than the binary case, we need to find a non-binary solution.

Another approach is to use a combination of different frequencies. The previous code tried various waveforms, but perhaps trying more exotic patterns could help.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that has rotational symmetry or some other pattern that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Another idea: use a function that is made up of multiple segments, each of which is 0.5 in certain regions and 0 in others. For example, placing multiple intervals of 0.5 length spaced out in a way that overlapping between different shifts is minimized.

But how to determine the optimal positions and lengths?

Alternatively, think of the problem as a packing problem where each shift k corresponds to a certain overlap. To minimize the maximum overlap, the function h should be designed to spread out its high values as much as possible.

The initial approach might not have found a good solution because it's stuck in a local minimum. So perhaps trying different initializations and optimization strategies can help.

Another thought: the previous code uses differential evolution with a certain population size and parameters. Maybe adjusting these parameters could lead to better results. For instance, using a larger population size, or a different mutation rate.

But the code has a time constraint, so making the optimization steps more efficient is important.

Another possibility: instead of using random initializations, use a more structured approach. For example, generating a step function that has a certain number of 'on' periods and 'off' periods, spaced in a way that minimizes the maximum overlap. For instance, a function that has multiple small intervals repeating at regular intervals.

For example, if the function h is made of M intervals, each of length L, such that the total length is 1. So M*L = 1, and L=1/M. Then, spacing these intervals evenly across the [0,2] interval could help minimize overlaps.

The optimal spacing would be to have each interval separated by enough distance such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, if the intervals are spaced so that their distance is at least L, then shifting by less than L would not cause overlap. However, for larger shifts, the overlap would depend on the geometry.

But this is getting into the realm of mathematical design, which might be complex.

Alternatively, using a greedy algorithm: start with an initial interval, then add more intervals that maximize the minimum overlap. But this seems computationally intensive.

Another angle: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of the overlap integral, perhaps we can convert this into a semi-infinite optimization problem and use some approximation. However, that might not be feasible computationally.

Given the time constraints and the need to write code, perhaps the best approach is to try improving the previous code's strategies. For example:

1. Use a better initial guess, perhaps combining multiple waveforms or using a more informed random guess.
2. Adjust the optimization parameters, such as the number of iterations, the population size, or using different optimizers.
3. Try different types of functions as initial guesses, such as combinations of different frequencies or waveforms.
4. Implement a coarser initial optimization and a finer refinement.

In terms of code modifications:

- The previous code uses several guess functions (pulses, sawtooth, triangle). Perhaps adding more types or varying parameters could help.
- The initial guess could be the initial_h_values, but perhaps using a different transformation of it, like applying a Fourier transform or some other method to generate variations.
- The differential evolution might be too slow. Maybe using a smaller population size but more iterations.
- The SLSQP optimization could be made more efficient by using better initial points.

Another idea is to use a multi-start approach with different initializations, but the previous code already does this.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization library. The previous code uses scipy.optimize, but perhaps using a different solver could help. However, the problem is that the objective function is non-convex and has multiple local minima.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n=45). Maybe trying a different n_points could help. For example, using a larger n could provide more flexibility, but with the time constraints, it's a trade-off. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred, so perhaps sticking with n=45 or n=50 is better.

In the previous code, the function obj is the maximum of the correlation, scaled by dx. The constraints are that the integral of h is 1.

The code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Perhaps using the differential evolution with a larger number of generations and a better mutation strategy could find a better minimum.

Another possibility is to use a hybrid approach: first use differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then perform SLSQP refinement.

But the previous code already does this.

Let me try to think of what could be different in the code. For instance, the initial guess might not be optimal. The initial_h_values are given, but maybe using a different starting point, such as a binary optimal configuration, could help.

Alternatively, using a combination of multiple initial guesses, like the previous code's approach, but with more diverse initializations.

Alternatively, incorporating some knowledge about the problem. For example, knowing that the optimal h for C₅ is likely to have a certain structure, and designing initial guesses based on that.

But without prior knowledge, it's hard to say.

Another thought: the current code has a function gen_random() that generates a random h and normalizes it. This might produce better initial points than the initial_h_values if the initial guess is poor. However, if the initial guess is good, the code might start from there.

In any case, to improve upon the previous code, perhaps the following changes can be made:

1. Increase the number of initial guess functions to cover more possibilities.
2. Tweak the differential evolution parameters to allow more thorough exploration.
3. Use a more efficient optimization method for the refinement steps.
4. Try different numbers of points, but within the 1k limit.

But since the user says that the previous code achieved C₅ bound of 0.381142, we need to find a way to improve that.

Maybe the problem is that the current code is not exploring the parameter space thoroughly enough. For example, increasing the number of guesses or varying the parameters of the guess functions.

In the previous code, for example, the pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions are generated with certain frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe trying more frequencies or different variations of these functions could lead to better initial points.

Alternatively, trying to model the function as a binary signal with a certain structure, like placing the 'on' intervals in a way that they are spaced out. For example, placing one interval at the beginning, then another interval after some offset, etc.

But how to translate this into code?

Another idea: using the fact that the problem is periodic and symmetrical, maybe using a function that is composed of repeating segments. For instance, dividing the [0,2] interval into segments where h alternates between high and low values.

For example, if the interval is divided into 5 equal segments, each of length 2/5. But this is speculative.

Alternatively, using a function that has multiple peaks and valleys to distribute the high values evenly.

But coding all this requires generating such functions.

In the previous code, the gen_pulses, gen_saw, and gen_triangle functions are used. Maybe adding more functions like a square wave, or others.

Alternatively, introducing a new function that creates a more complex pattern. For instance, a function that has multiple peaks with varying widths and spacing.

But without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to decide.

Another approach is to use a genetic algorithm, which might be more effective in exploring the solution space. However, integrating this into the code might be complex, but given the time constraints, perhaps it's worth trying.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated derivative-based optimizer with better convergence properties.

Alternatively, using a different constraint handling in the optimization. For example, using penalty methods or other methods to handle the equality constraint.

But given the time, it's better to focus on modifying the existing approach.

Let me think: perhaps the code could benefit from using a different initial guess. For example, using a more refined version of the initial_h_values. But without knowing what that is, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, trying to use the initial_h_values as the starting point, and then perturb it slightly to explore better solutions. But the previous code already does this with multiple initial guesses.

In the end, the most feasible improvement would be to:

1. Add more initial guess functions with varying parameters.
2. Adjust the differential evolution parameters to allow more iterations.
3. Use more aggressive SLSQP refinement steps.

But how to implement this in code?

For example, in the previous code, the guesses are generated with frequencies up to 5 and various duties. Maybe expanding this by adding more frequencies and varying the parameters.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the refinement steps, like a more robust solver.

Another possibility: using a different equality constraint handling. For example, using a penalty method in the objective function to enforce the integral constraint, rather than using a separate constraint.

But the current code uses an equality constraint with SLSQP and differential evolution, which should handle it.

In any case, to summarize, the code needs to be modified to explore more diverse initial points and use more effective optimization steps.

So, here's a plan:

- Increase the number of initial guess functions, perhaps by adding more types of waveforms or varying the duty cycles and frequencies.
- Adjust the differential evolution parameters to allow more iterations and better exploration.
- Use more refinement steps with the SLSQP optimizer.
- Possibly use a different initial guess, such as a more structured function.

Now, translating this into code changes:

The previous code has a list of guesses generated via several functions. We can expand this list by adding more functions or variations.

For example, adding a square wave, or other waveforms.

Alternatively, using a more structured function that creates multiple intervals spaced out.

But generating such a function would require more code.

Another idea is to use the initial_h_values and then generate variations by adding a small perturbation. However, this might not be necessary.

Alternatively, trying to use a combination of the initial guess and other functions.

Given the time, perhaps adding more guess functions and increasing the maximum number of iterations in the differential evolution could help.

In the code, the differential evolution loop runs 5 times, each time generating a new guess and refining it. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the population size.

Also, during the refinement phase, the code uses 15 steps of SLSQP refinement. Perhaps increasing this number or adjusting the options could help.

Another idea is to use different optimization methods. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method for the refinement steps.

But given the time, let's proceed to make the code modifications.

The main changes would be:

- Adding more initial guess functions.
- Adjusting the differential evolution parameters.
- Using more refinement steps.

But to fit within the code length and token limit, the code should be concise.

Here's a revised plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate additional initial guesses by varying the frequencies and duty cycles of the pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions.
- Use differential evolution with more iterations and a larger population size.
- Perform more refinement steps with SLSQP.

Let me try to code this approach.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_tri(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_rand():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(4, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(3, duty))

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```