<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the goal is to get lower than that, ideally around 0.380876. The previous code tried using a combination of different pulse generators and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe there's a better approach.

First, let me understand the problem again. The task is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k is minimized. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The key is to minimize the maximum value of this integral over all shifts.

The previous code used a starting point with 45 samples and tried various guesses, then optimized using SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe this is too slow or stuck in local optima. How can I improve this?

Hmm, the initial approach might be too brute-force. Maybe a better way is to use a more structured method. For example, maybe using a periodic or symmetric pattern that's known to have good properties. Or perhaps using a more efficient optimization method with better convergence.

Wait, the problem mentions that smaller sequences (less than 1k samples) are preferred because they are faster. The previous code uses n_points = 45. Let me check if there's a way to use fewer samples, maybe 50 or so, to speed up the optimization?

But the current initial_h_values has 45 samples. Maybe I should start from there. Alternatively, perhaps a different starting point could lead to better results. For instance, using a more even distribution of 1's and 0's.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe there's a way to model this as an optimization problem with constraints. The previous code uses scipy.optimize with SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a different optimization strategy, like genetic algorithms or Bayesian optimization, could find better solutions. But considering the time budget, the code needs to be efficient.

Alternatively, maybe using a more mathematical approach. For example, considering that the optimal function might have a certain symmetry or structure. For example, maybe using a function that's piecewise constant with specific intervals that minimize the overlap.

Another angle: the current code uses a lot of different guess functions (like pulses, squares, sawtooths) but perhaps there's a smarter way to generate initial guesses. Maybe using a grid search over different frequencies or duty cycles, but that might be time-consuming.

Wait, the previous code's initial_h_values is given, so perhaps starting with that and trying to refine it. But maybe the code could use a better initial guess by using a more optimal structure. For example, a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that spreads out the 1s to minimize overlaps.

Alternatively, think about the problem as a covering problem. The function h needs to cover the interval [0,2] such that when you shift it by any k, the overlap with the complement is minimized. Maybe the optimal h has a structure like a periodic function with certain period and duty cycle.

Wait, the overlap integral for a shift k can be thought of as the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). If h is periodic or has certain symmetry, this might be easier to compute. For example, if h is a periodic function with period T, then maybe the maximum overlap is over specific shifts.

But how to model this? Maybe using Fourier analysis. However, that might be complex.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal h is constructed by dividing the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 1 for a certain length and 0 otherwise, arranged in a way that minimizes overlap. For example, if you have multiple intervals where h is 1, spaced apart so that shifting by k causes minimal overlap with the 1s.

But with the constraint that the total integral of h is 1. So, for example, if you have a single interval of length 1 (since the integral is 1). But that would give a maximum overlap of 1* (the area of the shifted region), which might not be optimal. However, the previous code's initial_h_values might have more complex structures.

Another idea: Maybe using a partition of the interval into parts where h(x) is 1 or 0 in a way that when shifted, the overlap with the 1s is minimized. For example, using a function that's 1 in some regions and 0 in others, with the 1s spread out to prevent overlapping when shifted.

But how to translate this into an algorithm? Maybe using a greedy approach, placing 1s in positions that don't overlap much with their shifted versions. But optimization is needed here.

Alternatively, think of this as an assignment problem where each point's value affects overlaps with shifted versions. However, this seems complex.

Let me think about the existing code. The code starts with initial_h_values, then tries various guesses with different waveforms and uses SLSQP and differential evolution. But perhaps the optimization process can be improved by using more efficient methods or better initial guesses.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed number of samples, maybe try different numbers of samples. But the user wants fewer than 1k samples, so maybe 50 is manageable.

Wait, the previous code uses n_points = 45. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a more precise function, but the problem says "smaller sequences are preferred". However, maybe the initial code's 45 points are sufficient, but the optimization could be enhanced.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimizer for the SLSQP part. For example, setting better bounds or using a different optimization method.

Another angle: the overlap integral can be rewritten as the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum value of this over all k, perhaps we can consider that the maximum occurs at k where the overlap is greatest. For example, when the shift k is such that h(x + k) overlaps the 1s in h(x) the most.

But how to model this? It's a difficult problem because it's a max over k of an integral over x. Maybe the worst case is when k is small, such as k = 0. But for k=0, the integral is zero because of the 1 - h(x + 0) = 1 - h(x), so h(x) * (1 - h(x)) which is maximized when h(x) is 0.5, but the average over x would be something. However, the maximum could occur for other k values.

Alternatively, perhaps the worst case occurs when the shift k is such that the overlap area is maximized. For example, if h is a set of points, then shifting by k that aligns with these points might create the maximum overlap.

In terms of optimization, maybe the problem can be modeled as a constrained optimization where the goal is to minimize the maximum of several integrals (for different k), but that's computationally expensive. However, the current approach uses the maximum of the correlation, which is equivalent to evaluating the worst case shift.

So the key is to find a function h that, when shifted, the overlap with 1 - h is minimized for the worst shift. The challenge is to find such a function.

Another thought: maybe the optimal function is similar to a square wave or a triangular wave, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint. The previous code tried some generated waveforms, but maybe modifying them further could help.

Alternatively, using a more complex structure like a chain of pulses. For example, if h is 1 for a certain length, then 0, then 1 again, etc., but spaced such that their shifts don't overlap. But with the integral constraint, it's tricky.

Let me think about the initial approach. The code uses the initial_h_values and then generates various guesses, then uses SLSQP and differential evolution to find better solutions. The problem with this approach is that it might get stuck in local minima, especially if the initial guesses are not good enough.

To improve this, maybe using a more diverse set of initial guesses. For example, varying the number of pulses, the frequencies, and other parameters. Or using a more systematic way to generate initial guesses.

Another idea: instead of generating random guesses, perhaps use a grid search over certain parameters. For example, for different pulse frequencies and duty cycles, generate candidate functions and optimize them. However, this might be time-consuming, but given the time budget, maybe it's manageable.

Alternatively, use a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the parameter space more efficiently. But implementing that might be complex.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with better parameters. Genetic algorithms are good for global optimization but may require careful tuning.

But given the time constraints, maybe the previous approach can be improved by adjusting the hyperparameters and improving the initial guesses.

Wait, the previous code uses multiple guesses, including generated pulses, sawtooth, triangle, square, and random. Maybe adding more structured guesses, like combinations of these, could help.

Another possible improvement: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the maximum occurs for certain specific shifts, such as shifts that align with the structure of h. For example, if h has a certain periodicity, then the shifts that are multiples of that period would be critical.

Another idea: perhaps using a function with a specific structure, like a stepped function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that avoids overlapping. For example, dividing the interval into equal parts where h is 1 for some length and 0 for others. However, the integral must be 1, so the total length of the 1 intervals must be 1.

For instance, if we have m intervals where h is 1, each of length (1/m), then the total length is 1. But the positions of these intervals must be chosen to minimize the overlap when shifted. This is similar to a packing problem.

But how to choose the positions? This seems like a problem of spacing the 1s to minimize overlaps. For example, placing them as far apart as possible. However, with the constraint of the integral, this might be a problem of optimal packing.

But this is a discrete version of the problem, and extending it to continuous functions might not be straightforward. However, maybe using a similar approach, such as equally spaced intervals, could yield a good result.

Let me think of an example. Suppose we have m intervals where h is 1, each of length l = 1/m. To minimize overlaps, these intervals should be spaced as far apart as possible. For example, placing them in such a way that the centers are spaced by some distance, ensuring that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

But how to model this for the continuous case? Maybe using a periodic function with certain parameters. Alternatively, using a function that has multiple "on" regions spread out across the interval.

But how to implement this? Let's say we have m equal-length on regions. The positions could be chosen to maximize the minimum distance between the regions. However, the exact placement would depend on m.

But for the optimization, perhaps trying different values of m and finding the best arrangement of on regions.

Alternatively, maybe using a function similar to the initial_h_values, which might have a certain structure, and optimizing it further.

The previous code used n_points=45. Let me think about how to improve that. Perhaps using a more efficient optimization method for the SLSQP step. For example, increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance.

Another possible issue with the previous approach is that the time budget is tight, and the code might not have enough time to explore all possibilities. So, perhaps reducing the number of guesses and focusing on more promising ones.

Alternatively, using a better initial guess. For example, instead of generating a lot of random guesses, generating a few well-structured ones that are more likely to be optimal.

Wait, the previous code uses initial_h_values, which is a starting point. Maybe that's a good starting point, but the code could try to refine it further with more aggressive optimization.

Another thought: using a more effective optimization method for the SLSQP step. For example, using the Sequential Least Squares Programming (SLSQP) algorithm with better settings, or combining it with other methods.

In the previous code, the SLSQP is called with maxiter=200 and ftol=1e-11. Maybe increasing the maxiter or adjusting the tolerances could help, but this might take more time.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the refinement steps. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method or another local optimizer.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution for some guesses, which is a global optimization method. Maybe using a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP could be more effective.

Another possible improvement: using a better evaluation function. The current approach uses the maximum over all shifts, but perhaps there's a way to approximate this more efficiently, or focus on certain critical shifts.

Wait, the overlap integral for k=0 is zero because h(x)*(1 - h(x)) integrates to something, but for k=0, the integral is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx, which is maximized when h(x) is 0.5, giving 0.25. However, the problem is about the maximum over all k. So the code needs to find the k that maximizes the overlap, which could be for various k.

But evaluating all possible k's might be computationally expensive. However, in the code, the evaluation is done via np.correlate, which is efficient. So that's probably correct.

Another idea: perhaps the maximum overlap occurs for k that corresponds to specific shifts, like k = 0.5, 1.0, etc. So, focusing the optimization on these critical points might help. But how to model that in the code?

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the maximum overlap. However, the current code already uses the correlation, which is efficient.

Hmm. Maybe the previous code could be improved by using a different initial guess. For example, if the initial_h_values is a good starting point, but perhaps there's a better one.

Alternatively, using a different kind of initial guess, such as a more evenly spread set of 1s. For example, using a function that's 1 in certain positions that are spaced out, and then optimizing that.

Wait, the initial_h_values is probably a sample of a function that was found previously. If I can replicate that or use similar structures, maybe the code can find better results.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different approach, like using Lagrange multipliers to find the optimal function. However, that would require solving an optimization problem with a large number of variables and constraints, which is difficult.

Another thought: since the problem involves minimizing a maximum integral, it's similar to a game where we want to choose h to minimize the worst-case overlap. This is a min-max problem. Perhaps using a more robust optimization technique for min-max problems.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with a better initialization. For example, using a combination of random starting points and structured guesses.

But again, given the time constraints, the best approach might be to improve upon the existing code by making some changes to the optimization strategy.

Let me think about the existing code's structure. The code starts with the initial_h_values, then generates various guesses (like pulse, square, sawtooth, etc.), and then uses SLSQP and differential evolution to refine them. The code also has refinement steps using SLSQP again.

One possible improvement is to use more efficient refinements. For example, instead of using SLSQP multiple times, maybe use a smarter approach to refine the solution.

Another possible issue is that the differential evolution is run a limited number of times (5 iterations), which might not be enough. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the population size could improve the results.

Additionally, the code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=45). Maybe increasing the number of samples could allow for a more precise function, but this might require more time. However, the user prefers smaller sequences, so perhaps 45 is acceptable.

Another possible optimization: precompute the values of k that are most critical, and encode constraints to minimize the overlap at those points. However, that's a bit vague.

Alternatively, using a more effective way to generate initial guesses. For example, instead of generating pulse and square waves, maybe generating functions that are known to have better overlap properties.

For example, a function that is 1 for half of the interval and 0 for the other half. But with the integral constraint, that's not possible. Wait, the total integral must be 1 over the interval [0, 2], so if the function is 1 over length l, then l must be 1. So, for example, a function that is 1 on [0,1] and 0 on [1,2], which has integral 1. The overlap integral for k would be ∫ h(x)*(1 - h(x+k)) dx. For k=0, this is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx = ∫0^1 (1)(1-1) dx + ∫1^2 0*(1 - h(x)) dx = 0. For k=1, it would be ∫0^1 1*(1 - h(x+1)) dx + ∫1^2 0*(...) dx. Since h(x+1) is 0 on [1,2], so h(x+1) is 0 for x in [0,1], so 1 - h(x+1) = 1. So the integral is 1 * 1 * dx from 0 to 1, which is 1. So C_5 would be 1 in that case, which is worse than the current record. So that's not good.

Thus, a simple pulse function is not effective. Therefore, the initial guess used by the previous code might be better.

Another idea: Maybe instead of using random guesses, use a more systematic way to generate initial functions that have a better structure. For example, using functions that are combinations of translations or have certain phase shifts.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral during optimization. But I think the current approach is already efficient.

Another possible improvement: increasing the number of iterations in the SLSQP optimization. For example, in the refinement steps, allowing more iterations could lead to better results.

Wait, in the previous code, during refinement, the code runs SLSQP for 300 iterations. That's a lot, but perhaps it's not sufficient. Maybe increasing that number could help.

Alternatively, adjusting the tolerance settings to be less strict, allowing the optimization to explore more possibilities.

Another thought: the problem is highly non-convex, so the optimization might get stuck in local optima. To avoid this, using multiple initial guesses and running optimization from different starting points would be beneficial. The previous code does this by generating various guesses and optimizing each of them, which is a good approach.

Another possible improvement is to use more diverse initial guesses. For example, varying the number of pulses, frequencies, and duty cycles. The previous code includes some of these, but maybe expanding the range of frequencies or duty cycles could lead to better initial guesses.

Alternatively, using more structured waveforms, like cosine functions or other functions with specific properties.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe it's useful to consider the worst-case shift. For example, if the function is designed such that for all k, the overlap is below a certain threshold. But how to construct such a function?

Perhaps using a function that is designed to avoid having overlapping regions when shifted by any k. This sounds like a problem that can be approached with a mathematical structure, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, using a function that is symmetric in some way. For example, a function that is symmetric around x=1, which might help in balancing the overlaps for different k.

But this is quite vague. Perhaps focusing on improving the existing code's optimization steps is more feasible.

In summary, the main improvements I can think of are:

1. Using a better initial guess than the previous code's guesses. For example, generating a more structured function.
2. Adjusting the optimization parameters, such as increasing the number of iterations or the population size in differential evolution.
3. Using more diverse initial guesses to avoid local optima.
4. Refining the optimization steps with better methods.
5. Possibly using more efficient optimization algorithms or combining them for better results.

Let me think about implementing some of these changes.

First, the code uses several generated functions as initial guesses, including pulses, squares, sawtooths, etc. Perhaps adding more generated functions, like triangular, or modifying the existing ones to cover more possibilities.

Another thing: the previous code generates guesses using functions like gen_pulses(freq, duty), gen_saw, gen_triangle, etc. Maybe these can be adjusted to generate different structures, such as varying the number of pulses or their positions.

Alternatively, the code could generate functions that are combinations of these waveforms. However, this might complicate the code.

Another possible change is to use more structured initial guesses. For example, using a function with m evenly spaced 1s, where m is chosen such that the integral is 1. For example, suppose m=3, then each 1 interval has length 1/3. Then the function could be 1 on [0, 1/3], [1/2, 1/2 + 1/3], and [1, 1 + 1/3], etc. This arrangement might help in spreading out the 1s and reducing overlap when shifted.

But how to implement this? It would involve creating a step function with specific intervals. However, with numpy, this can be done by creating a function that is 1 in certain positions.

But for the code to generate this, it's possible to do with a loop or a formula. For example, for a given number of pulses m, and positions spaced as equally as possible.

However, this requires determining the best m and positions. But for the code's purposes, it might be worth trying a few values of m and generating initial guesses with those.

Another idea: Use a function with a specific number of on/off intervals, such as 5 intervals, and optimize their positions and lengths to minimize the maximum overlap. But again, this is a complex optimization problem.

Alternatively, using a function that has several on regions spaced symmetrically. For example, if the interval [0,2] is divided into equal parts, and the function is 1 for certain parts.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to improve the existing code's guesses and optimization parameters.

Let me think about modifying the previous code. For example:

- In the initial guesses, adding more structured functions, like certain combinations of pulses or shifts.
- Increasing the number of iterations for the SLSQP and differential evolution steps.
- Using more efficient initial guesses, such as those derived from the initial_h_values.
- Maybe using the initial_h_values as part of the guesses, and trying to refine it further.

Another possible change is to use the initial_h_values as the first guess and then refine it with differential evolution and SLSQP steps. This might be more effective.

Given that the initial_h_values is a starting point, perhaps the code can focus on refining it more aggressively than generating many random guesses. This would reduce the number of guesses and focus the optimization on a more promising region.

So, in the previous code's approach, after generating several guesses and refining them, it might be better to focus on the initial guess and use that as the main seed for the optimization.

But I need to implement this. Let me think about how to adjust the code.

The code starts with the initial_h_values, then generates other guesses. Maybe instead of generating many guesses, it's better to focus on the initial guess and use more aggressive optimization on it. For example, using differential evolution with more iterations or a larger population size, followed by SLSQP refinement.

Another idea: the previous code uses a limited number of DE iterations (70). If the time budget allows, increasing this number could improve the results. Similarly, increasing the number of random guesses might not be effective, so focusing on structured guesses might be better.

Alternatively, the code can try using different optimization strategies, such as using the initial_h_values as the first guess and applying a more aggressive optimization.

In terms of code changes, perhaps:

- Reduce the number of initial guesses to avoid overloading the optimization steps.
- Focus on refining the initial guess with differential evolution and SLSQP.
- Increase the number of iterations in the optimization steps.

For example, in the existing code, the DE is run 5 times, each with a different guess. But if the initial guess is good, maybe running DE more times or with more iterations could help.

Another consideration: the current code uses a fixed number of points. Maybe trying with a slightly higher number of points, like 50, would allow for better precision. But the user says smaller sequences are preferred, so perhaps 45 is acceptable.

In terms of the code structure, here's what I might do:

- Start with the initial_h_values.
- Generate a few structured guesses based on the initial_h_values.
- Use DE with more iterations to refine the initial guess.
- Refine further with SLSQP.
- Possibly use a more efficient optimization method.

Additionally, in the previous code, the evaluation uses np.correlate mode 'full', which returns the full convolution. But for the overlap integral, maybe only certain shifts are relevant. For example, shifts k that are in a certain range. However, the current code evaluates all shifts, which is correct.

Overall, to improve the previous code, the following changes could be made:

1. Focus more on the initial_h_values by using it as the primary guess.
2. Increase the number of iterations for the differential evolution and SLSQP steps.
3. Generate more structured initial guesses based on the initial_h_values.
4. Use more efficient parameters for the optimization methods.

Now, implementing these changes in the code:

For example, in the code, after the initial_h_values is loaded, instead of generating many guesses, focus on a few initial guesses derived from the initial_h_values and then optimize them further.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values as the first guess and refine it with DE, then SLSQP.

Another possible change is to use a different optimization method, such as using the 'L-BFGS-B' method in scipy.optimize.minimize, which is a variant of gradient descent with limited memory. However, the problem is non-convex, and gradient-based methods might get stuck in local minima.

Alternatively, combining DE and SLSQP might be better.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the most effective change is to increase the number of iterations and refine the initial guess.

Now, integrating these thoughts into the code:

- Reduce the number of guesses generated.
- Increase the number of DE iterations.
- Improve the refinement steps with more SLSQP iterations.

Additionally, for generating initial guesses, maybe use the initial_h_values and apply some transformations to it, such as smoothing or adding noise, to create new starting points.

Another idea: the previous code uses gen_random() to generate random guesses. Perhaps replacing this with a more structured approach, like creating a function that has certain periodic properties.

However, without knowing the exact structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. But if the initial_h_values is a good starting point, then optimizing it further could yield better results.

In conclusion, the key improvements would involve:

- Using the initial_h_values as the primary guess and refining it with more effective optimization steps.
- Adjusting the optimization parameters (like maxiter, tolerance) to allow for better convergence.
- Possibly experimenting with different initial guesses that are more likely to lead to optimal solutions.

These changes should be implemented in the code to improve the bound on C_5.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 400, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=120, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = refine(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```