<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The previous program used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization starting from an initial guess. But I need to think of a different approach to potentially improve this.

First, let me recall the problem. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h takes values in [0,1].

The previous approach used a variety of guess functions (pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves) and then optimized them with SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe this approach is getting stuck in local minima. To improve, perhaps I need a different initial configuration or a different optimization strategy.

One idea is to consider symmetry. The problem is over the interval [0, 2], so maybe a symmetric function could be beneficial. For example, splitting the interval into regions where h is 1 or 0, but arranged symmetrically. Alternatively, using a periodic pattern that repeats every certain interval, but adjusted for the [0,2] domain.

Another thought is to use a more structured initial guess. The initial_h_values might have some specific pattern. If I can't access it, I need to create a new starting point. Maybe using a pulse train with specific spacing and widths that could evenly distribute the measure.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a covering problem: the function h needs to be such that shifting it by any k doesn't lead to too much overlap with its complement. So, perhaps distributing the mass of h in such a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Another angle: the current upper bound is around 0.38, and the target is very close. So perhaps the optimal solution is close to that, and we need to fine-tune the function to approach it. Maybe the previous approach didn't explore the search space thoroughly enough, or the hyperparameters could be adjusted.

What about using a different optimization method? For instance, genetic algorithms or particle swarm optimization might explore the search space differently. But given the time constraints, using differential evolution or SLSQP might be more feasible.

Wait, the previous code used SLSQP with some initial guesses, then differential evolution for refinement. Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not sufficiently diverse. Perhaps generating more varied initial guesses could help.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization approach. For example, using a coordinate descent method where we iteratively adjust each point while maintaining the integral constraint. But how to enforce that constraint?

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can model it as an optimization problem with constraints. For example, the objective is to minimize the maximum of the integrals, which can be tricky. However, if we can turn it into a convex problem, perhaps with some reformulation.

But the overlap integral depends on k, and the maximum over k is non-convex. So maybe not directly applicable. However, if we can approximate the maximum by considering a finite set of k's, perhaps the problem becomes more tractable.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based optimizer with a higher learning rate and specific step sizes. But again, the previous code uses SLSQP which is gradient-based.

Wait, the current code uses scipy.optimize's differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations in differential evolution could help find better solutions, but the time budget is tight. The previous code runs differential evolution for 5 iterations and then refines with SLSQP.

Another approach is to use a hybrid method: start with a rough optimization, then refine. But perhaps the initial guess is too specific.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, but the previous code uses it as the initial guess. However, maybe we can generate a different initial guess that's more promising. For example, using a mathematical construction that's known to be close to optimal, such as a periodic function with certain parameters.

Alternatively, constructing the function h as a concatenation of intervals where h is 1 or 0, with certain spacing, perhaps arranged to minimize overlaps. For example, if the function h is 1 on intervals of length a, and 0 elsewhere, but arranged periodically.

But since the domain is [0,2], the total measure is 1. So if h is 1 on intervals of length a, the number of intervals would be 1/a. But the function is over [0,2], so perhaps a combination of intervals that sum to 1.

But this might not be optimal. Alternatively, using a more complex structure, like a combination of multiple pulses with varying widths and positions.

Another thought: maybe the optimal function has a specific shape, like a triangular wave or a sinusoidal shape, but with parameters tuned to minimize the overlap. The previous code tried generating such functions, but perhaps with more parameters or different configurations.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral is similar to a convolution, maybe using Fourier analysis to find a function that minimizes the maximum overlap. But this might be complicated.

Let me think about the overlap integral. For a given k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx can be interpreted as the area of overlap between h and the complement of h shifted by k. So, to minimize the maximum of these areas over all k.

This problem resembles the problem of spreading out the support of h such that no shift results in a significant overlap. This is similar to the concept of codes with certain distance properties.

Another approach: since h is a step function with n_points samples, maybe we can model this as a binary optimization problem where each point is either 0 or 1, but with the constraint that the sum is n_points / 2. However, the previous code uses continuous variables between 0 and 1, which might be more flexible.

But given the time constraints, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method with better hyperparameters. For example, adjusting the mutation rate in differential evolution, or using more iterations.

Wait, the current code reduces the number of iterations when time is limited. Maybe increasing the population size in differential evolution could lead to better exploration. Also, using a combination of different initial guesses might help.

Another idea: the previous code uses the initial_h_values as one of the starting points. But if the initial_h_values isn't good, perhaps generating a different initial guess is better. For example, using a random initialization with certain properties, or using a greedy algorithm to distribute the function's mass.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is over the interval [0, 2], the shift k can range from 0 to 2. So the maximum overlap occurs when the shift is such that the overlap between h and its complement is maximized. Thus, perhaps simulating this for specific k values and trying to minimize the maximum across these.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? Maybe instead of considering all k, we can sample a set of k values and minimize the maximum over those. However, this is an approximation and may not find the true maximum.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function with minimal maximum correlation with its shifted complement. This could be related to the concept of a "balanced" function in signal processing, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, looking for existing literature or known constructions. For example, in approximation theory or information theory, there might be known functions that minimize such overlap. But since I can't access external resources, I need to think of it from first principles.

Perhaps trying a different initial guess. For example, creating a function that is 1 on intervals spaced in a way that minimizes overlap when shifted. For instance, a periodic pattern with certain period and duty cycle.

Let me think of the function h as a periodic function on [0, 2]. Suppose the function has a period T, and within each period, it's 1 for a fraction d of the time and 0 otherwise. For example, if T is 1, then the duty cycle d must be 1/2, since the total integral is 1 over [0, 2]. However, if the period is 1, then over two periods, the total measure is 1. So, for example, h(x) = 1 for x in [0, d] ∪ [1, 1 + d], and 0 otherwise. But this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a triangular wave. But again, this is similar to what the previous code tried.

Another approach is to use a greedy algorithm. Starting with a random initial guess, iteratively adjust the function's values to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, for each k, find the shift that gives the highest overlap and then adjust h to reduce that. However, this might be computationally expensive and not easily implemented.

Given that the previous code uses scipy.optimize, perhaps there are ways to improve the optimization process. For instance, using a different optimization method or adjusting the parameters of the existing ones.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution with a population size of 120 and maxiter of 100. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations would help. However, the time budget is strict. Also, the previous code does a few iterations of differential evolution, then refines with SLSQP.

Another idea: instead of using a large number of initial guesses, focus on a few carefully chosen ones that are likely to be good. For example, generating functions with specific structures that might be close to optimal. For instance, a function that is 1 in certain regions and 0 in others, arranged to evenly distribute the measure.

Alternatively, using a mathematical construction. For example, suppose we divide the interval [0, 2] into m equal parts, and set h to 1 in some of those parts. The total measure is 1, so the number of parts where h is 1 would be m/(total length) = m/(2) * 1. Wait, since the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, if each segment has length L, then the number of segments where h is 1 is (1/L)/2, but this is getting messy.

Alternatively, think of it as a covering problem. For instance, placing the 1s in the function h such that when shifted, they avoid overlapping with the 0s as much as possible. This could be similar to a scheduling problem where tasks are placed to minimize overlaps.

But how to translate this into a function h that can be optimized.

Perhaps generating a function that has a certain number of pulses, each of specific duration and placement, to evenly distribute the measure. For example, using a certain number of pulses with equal width and spaced apart.

In the previous code, several pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions were generated as initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of these functions or varying the parameters could help generate better initial guesses.

Another idea: since the overlap depends on the shift k, maybe the worst case is when k is such that a part of h overlaps with a part of the complement. If we can ensure that for any shift k, the overlap is small, that would be ideal. This might be connected to the concept of a "covering code" or "error-correcting code," where each codeword is spaced sufficiently apart.

But again, without knowing specific constructions, this is hard to apply directly.

Alternatively, perhaps considering the problem in terms of Fourier series. The overlap integral can be expressed as the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. If we can find a Fourier transform of h, maybe we can find a way to minimize the maximum overlap by controlling the Fourier coefficients. However, I'm not sure how to proceed with this approach.

Let me think back to the previous code. It uses a lot of initial guesses and then optimizes them. The problem with this approach is that it might not thoroughly explore the search space. To improve, perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses and using more sophisticated optimization techniques.

Another idea: using a Bayesian optimization approach, which could be more efficient in exploring the search space. But implementing Bayesian optimization might be complex and time-consuming, given the time constraints.

Alternatively, trying to refine the existing code by adjusting parameters. For example, in SLSQP, increasing the maximum number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance. Also, in differential evolution, increasing the population size or mutation rates.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution with popsize=120 and maxiter=100. Maybe increasing the maxiter could help, but the time budget is tight. Also, the code starts with 5 iterations of differential evolution, then refines with SLSQP.

Another thought: perhaps using a combination of different optimization techniques. For example, using a heuristic-based method to generate a good initial guess, then refining with a more precise optimizer like SLSQP.

Alternatively, considering the constraints. The integral of h must be 1. So any optimization must respect that. The previous code uses SLSQP with equality constraints, which is correct.

Perhaps the key is to generate better initial guesses. For example, instead of using fixed functions like pulses, maybe generate them with variable parameters and optimize those.

For instance, generate a function that is a sum of pulses with different positions and widths. However, this is more complex and may require more parameters.

Alternatively, using a random initialization method that ensures the integral constraint is met. For example, generating random positions and widths for pulses, then adjusting them.

But again, this might be more complex to implement.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a non-smooth optimization problem, where the objective function is non-convex. Therefore, the optimization might get stuck in local optima. To avoid this, using multiple different initial guesses and selecting the best one.

In the previous code, they generate various initial guesses (pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, random) and then optimize them. But maybe generating more varied guesses could help.

For example, instead of using fixed frequencies, maybe varying the frequencies and duty cycles for the generated functions.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed initial guess from initial_h_values. If the initial_h_values is not optimal, it might be better to generate different initial guesses. However, the problem states that if initial_h_values is available, we should use it directly. So perhaps the initial_h_values is not optimal, but we can't modify it. So, we need to generate better initial guesses based on that.

Wait, the previous code starts with initial_h_values as the first guess. To improve, maybe modifying that initial guess, but the code says to use initial_h_values directly. So, perhaps the initial_h_values is a starting point, but other initial guesses are also considered.

In any case, the previous code uses a variety of initial guesses. To improve, perhaps generating more initial guesses or using a different method to generate them.

Given all this, perhaps the best approach is to improve the existing code by:

1. Increasing the diversity of initial guesses.
2. Adjusting the optimization parameters to allow more thorough exploration.
3. Using a more efficient optimization method for the final refinement.

For instance, instead of using differential evolution for a few iterations, perhaps using a different algorithm for the initial exploration.

Alternatively, using a combination of genetic algorithms and gradient-based methods.

But given the time constraints, the previous code's approach may be the most feasible. So, how to modify the existing code to potentially find a better solution.

Looking back at the previous code, the initial guesses include:

- initial_h_values
- pulses with various frequencies
- sawtooth and triangle waves with varying duty cycles
- random initializations

Maybe generating more initial guesses, such as varying the frequencies and duty cycles more broadly, or generating other waveform types.

For example, the current code generates pulses for frequencies 3 to 12 with duty 0.5. Maybe increasing the number of frequencies or duty cycles could help.

Also, the pulse functions are generated with fixed duty, but maybe varying the duty for them.

Additionally, the code uses a lot of random guesses. Perhaps reducing the number of random guesses and focusing on structured ones could be better.

Another idea: instead of using differential evolution for the initial exploration, use a more efficient algorithm. For example, particle swarm optimization (PSO), which is another global optimization method. However, scipy does not have an implementation of PSO, so that's not possible.

Alternatively, adjusting the parameters of the existing methods. For example, increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution, or using a higher mutation rate.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, which is a non-smooth function. Therefore, the optimization may require a lot of iterations to converge. But with the time constraint, this may not be feasible.

Another approach: focus on the overlap integral for specific k values. For example, the maximum overlap is likely to occur for k values that correspond to specific shifts, like the length of the intervals where h is 1. So, if we can target those k values, we might be able to find better solutions.

But how to determine those k values without knowing the function h in advance. It's a chicken-and-egg problem.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs when k is such that the integral is maximized. To find that, perhaps we can sample a set of k values and optimize the function to minimize the maximum over those k's.

But this is an approximation, and it's unclear if it would work.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the existing code by:

- Generating more varied initial guesses
- Tuning the hyperparameters of the optimization routines
- Using a different approach for the final refinement

So, modifying the previous code by:

1. Increasing the number of initial guesses, especially structured ones.
2. Using different parameters for differential evolution and SLSQP.
3. Perhaps using a different optimization method for the final steps.

But given that the code is already complex, how to fit this within the character limit and time constraints?

Let me think about possible code modifications. The previous code uses a method that generates several guesses and then optimizes each. To improve, perhaps generate more initial guesses with different configurations.

For example, generate more pulse functions with varying duty cycles, or generate other waveforms like square waves, etc. Also, perhaps using different frequency ranges.

Another idea: use a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, generating a grid of possible frequencies and duty cycles for the waveforms, then selecting the best ones.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess construction. For instance, creating a function that is 1 on certain intervals that are spread out as evenly as possible over the domain [0,2].

But how to construct such a function algorithmically. For example, if we have n_points samples, we can place the 1s at positions that are as evenly spaced as possible. However, this would be similar to a pulse train with uniform spacing.

For example, suppose we have m intervals where h is 1. Then, the total length of these intervals would be 1. Each interval could have width w, and spaced by a certain distance. But ensuring that the integral is exactly 1.

Alternatively, placing the 1s in such a way that their positions are as spread out as possible, to minimize overlap when shifted. This is similar to a space-filling curve.

But again, without knowing the optimal configuration, it's hard to implement.

Another idea: using a greedy algorithm to construct the function h. Start with a random initial guess, then iteratively adjust the function's values to reduce the maximum overlap. For instance, for each k, find the maximum overlap and adjust the function to minimize that.

But how to implement this in code. It might involve repeatedly evaluating the overlap for various k and adjusting h accordingly, which is computationally intensive.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to generate more initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better exploration.

Another possible change is to use a different type of initial guess, such as a function that is 1 in a certain pattern, like a checkerboard pattern. For example, alternating regions of 1 and 0 in the domain.

But again, this is speculative.

In conclusion, the previous code uses a combination of initial guesses and optimization methods. To improve, I'll modify the code to generate more varied initial guesses, possibly with different parameters, and adjust the optimization parameters for better convergence.

So, the steps I'll take in the new code:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate more varied initial guesses, including different frequencies and duty cycles for pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves.
- Increase the number of iterations for differential evolution and SLSQP to allow more thorough exploration.
- Use a different approach for refiner steps, perhaps combining multiple optimizations.

But given the character limit, I need to keep the code concise. So, modifying the previous code's guess generation to include more parameters and varying the frequencies and duty cycles.

Another possible optimization: reducing the number of random guesses to focus on structured ones, as they might be more promising.

So, the revised code will include:

- More structured initial guesses for pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves with varied parameters.
- Increased mutation rate and population size in differential evolution.
- More refinement steps with SLSQP.

Now, translating this into code. Here's an outline of the changes:

1. Generate pulses with a broader range of frequencies and duty cycles.
2. Generate more sawtooth and triangle waves with various parameters.
3. Use a larger population size in differential evolution for better exploration.
4. Increase the number of iterations in differential evolution and SLSQP.
5. Adjust the tolerance parameters for better convergence.

But implementing all these changes within the character limit and time constraints requires careful coding. Also, the code must not exceed the 300-line limit and the 12,000-character limit.

Another idea: since the current code uses the initial_h_values, which might not be optimal, perhaps generating an alternative initial guess based on some mathematical intuition. For example, using a function that is 1 on an evenly spaced set of points.

However, since the code must be concise, generating such a function via a formula.

For instance, if the number of points is n_points, then distributing the 1s at intervals of 2/(m), where m is some number. For example, placing the 1s every 0.4 units, but that requires knowing m.

Alternatively, using a sine wave that is 1 on a certain fraction of the domain. But this might not be effective.

In the end, the code will have to be modified as per the above ideas, but within the constraints.

Now, translating this into code. The previous code's 'guesses' list includes various functions. To improve, generating more guesses by varying the parameters.

For example, in the previous code, pulses are generated with frequencies from 3 to 12 and duty 0.5. Changing this to cover more frequencies and duty cycles.

Also, adding more details for the guesses.

Moreover, increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution and adjusting the parameters.

In code, the guesses are generated with:

for freq in range(3, 12):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))

for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(4, duty))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))

Increasing the number of frequencies and duty cycles.

Also, in the differential evolution call, increasing the maxiter and population size.

But I need to code this into the run function.

Another idea: in the refinement steps, using more iterations of SLSQP to further improve the solution.

Given the time and character constraints, here's the revised code that implements these changes:

- More varied initial guesses with different parameters.
- Adjusted differential evolution parameters for better exploration.
- Increased refinement steps with SLSQP.
- Possibly removing some random guesses to focus on structured ones.

So, the final code would include these modifications.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 15):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(4, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(8):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=120,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```