<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem of improving the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral C₅. The previous approach used a combination of different guess functions and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But perhaps there's room for improvement here.

First, I need to understand what exactly the problem is asking. The function h is a step function over the interval [0, 2], with values between 0 and 1. The integral condition requires that the total area under h is 1 over the interval. The overlap integral for each shift k is computed by integrating h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx, and C₅ is the maximum of these over all k. We want to minimize this maximum value.

The previous code used several initial guesses, like pulses, square waves, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random functions. Then it optimized using SLSQP and DE. But maybe that approach isn't efficient enough. Let me think about alternative strategies.

One thought is that the optimal h function should be a periodic or symmetric function that balances the overlap. Maybe using a more structured approach, like splitting the interval into regions where h is either 0 or 1, but with some periodicity. For example, if we can create a function that alternates between high and low values in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Another idea is to use a more mathematical approach, such as considering the problem as an optimization with constraints. The current code uses a combination of optimization methods, but maybe a different optimization strategy, like genetic algorithms or Bayesian optimization, could find better minima. However, those might be too slow, especially given the time budget.

Alternatively, maybe I can refine the existing approach by adjusting the initial guesses. For instance, instead of generating multiple types of waveforms, maybe generate more diverse initial configurations. Or perhaps use a better way to construct the initial h values.

Wait, the current code starts with initial_h_values. If I can generate better initial guesses, that might help avoid local optima. For example, using a combination of different pulse shapes with varying frequencies and duty cycles. Or perhaps using a more systematic way to generate these initial guesses.

Another thing to consider is the choice of optimization method. SLSQP is a local optimizer, so if the initial guess is not good, it might get stuck. Maybe using a global optimization method first, like differential evolution, to find a good initial guess, and then refining it with SLSQP.

But in the previous code, they already use DE for some iterations. Perhaps the problem is that the number of iterations is too low. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in DE, but that could take more time. Also, the budget is 100 seconds, which is tight.

Another angle: the overlap integral for each shift k can be thought of as a convolution. So maybe we can model this as a convolution problem and try to minimize the maximum value of the convolution. However, I'm not sure how that would directly help.

Alternatively, perhaps using a grid search over possible h shapes. For example, partition the interval [0,2] into segments and assign h to be 0 or 1 in each segment. Then the problem becomes finding a set of segments that satisfy the area constraint and minimize the maximum overlap. However, for n_points, this would be a combinatorial problem, which is computationally intense unless the number of segments is small.

But the initial approach uses a step function with n_points samples. So maybe a better way is to generate h as a binary step function (i.e., h_i is 0 or 1) and optimize over these. However, the previous code uses continuous values. But perhaps a binary approach would be more efficient, though it has to satisfy the area constraint.

Wait, the problem states that h is a step function, but the samples can be in [0,1]. However, the exact structure of the function isn't specified, so maybe using a binary function (0/1) would be optimal? Not sure. But maybe it's worth trying.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal h is a periodic function with certain symmetry. For example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into multiple equal parts and set h to be 1 for some periods and 0 for others. The key would be to choose the pattern such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Another thought: the maximum overlap occurs when the shift k is such that the regions where h is 1 and 1 - h is 1 (i.e., where h is 0) have maximum overlap. So, to minimize this maximum overlap, the function h should be designed so that for any shift k, the overlapping areas between h and 1 - h are minimized.

This sounds similar to a covering problem, where we want to cover the interval [0,2] with regions of h=1 in a way that shifted copies don't overlap too much.

Perhaps using a greedy approach: start by placing regions where h=1, ensuring that each new region is placed such that it doesn't overlap too much with previous ones when shifted.

But how to translate that into an algorithm? Maybe using a simulation where for each possible shift, we track the overlap. However, with the time constraints, this could be challenging.

Alternatively, perhaps I can use a local search method that iteratively improves the h function. For example, start with an initial guess, compute the overlap, and then perturb the function to find a better minimum. However, this could be time-consuming.

Another idea is to model this as an optimization problem with more constraints. The previous code uses SLSQP with the constraint that the sum of h is fixed. Maybe adding more constraints or regularizing the solution to encourage certain patterns (like periodicity or symmetry) could help.

But the main problem is time. The code has to run within 100 seconds. The previous code uses several optimization steps. Maybe improving the efficiency of these steps. For example, using a more efficient optimization method for certain phases.

Alternatively, maybe I can combine the initial guess generation with the optimization steps more effectively. Instead of generating many different guess functions, focus on generating a few that are more likely to be optimal.

Wait, the current code uses a variety of waveforms. For instance, generating pulses, square waves, sawtooth, triangle waves, etc. Maybe these are not the best starting points. For example, what if I generate functions that are more regular, like a sinusoid with a certain frequency, or a combination of such functions?

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach where each individual is a candidate h function. Then, breeding the best individuals over generations. But with time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Another idea: since the maximum overlap integral is what's being minimized, perhaps the optimal h has some symmetry. For instance, if the function is symmetric around the center of the interval [0,2], that could help balance the overlaps. So generating h functions that are symmetric might be beneficial.

Let me think about how to incorporate such symmetry into the initial guesses. For example, generating a function that's symmetric around x=1, which is the midpoint of [0,2]. That way, shifts that are symmetric might lead to balanced overlaps.

So, for the initial guess, generate a symmetric h function. For example, a triangular wave that is symmetric around x=1. Or a square wave that is symmetric.

Another approach: the Erdős problem is related to the covering problem, where you want to cover the interval [0,2] with a function h such that when you shift it, the overlaps are minimized. This is similar to a covering code problem, where you want to find the minimal maximum overlap.

But I'm not sure how to directly apply covering code concepts here.

Alternatively, since the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) over x needs to be as small as possible for all k, maybe the function h should be such that for any shift k, the overlap of the intervals where h is 1 and where h is 0 is minimized.

So, perhaps h should be 1 over regions that are spaced apart in such a way that shifting them doesn't cause much overlap.

For example, if we can find a function h that is 1 on intervals that are spaced with some minimal distance, then when shifted, the overlap between these regions would be minimized.

This suggests that the optimal h might be a periodic function with a certain spacing. For example, if the function h is 1 on intervals of length L and 0 elsewhere, but arranged periodically. However, the integral constraint requires that the total area is 1, so the number of such intervals and their lengths would have to be adjusted accordingly.

But since the interval is [0,2], the length of each interval would be L, and the number of intervals would be n, such that n * L * (1 - 0) (assuming they are placed in a way that they don't overlap) equals 1. Wait, no. Wait, the integral over [0,2] of h(x) dx is 1. If h is 1 on intervals of length L, then the total length of intervals where h is 1 is 1. For example, if the function is 1 on one interval of length 1, then the total area is 1. But then, when shifted, the overlap with other intervals could be maximized.

Alternatively, if the function is 1 on multiple non-overlapping intervals. For example, if we have two intervals of length 0.5 each, placed in such a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

But this is getting too vague. Let's think back to the code.

The previous code uses initial_h_values, which is a 45-point vector. Maybe starting from this value and trying to improve it could work. But perhaps the initial_h_values is not optimal. So, the code uses a few initial guesses, then optimizes them. Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough or not well-chosen.

So, perhaps generating more initial guesses that are more likely to be good candidates for minimizing the overlap. For example, using functions with different frequencies, or combining multiple waveforms.

Alternatively, using a different approach for generating initial guesses. For instance, instead of generating all those different waveforms, maybe focusing on a few specific patterns that are more likely to be optimal.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a form of binary optimization, where the h function is a binary vector. Perhaps using a binary optimization approach with a more efficient method.

But since h can take any values between 0 and 1, it's a continuous optimization problem. However, maybe using a discrete approach could be more efficient. For example, using a binary h function and then applying a continuous optimization on top of that.

But again, with the time constraint, this might not be feasible.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the overlap. The current code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which computes the cross-correlation and then multiplies by dx. However, the maximum of these correlations is what's being minimized. So, perhaps the code could be optimized by precomputing the possible shifts and evaluating the overlap more efficiently.

But the current approach is correct, so maybe no need to change that.

Let me think about the previous approach's results. The record was C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and the current goal is to get lower, say 0.380876. The previous code achieved 0.381142. So there's some room for improvement.

What could be causing the previous code to not find a better solution? Maybe the initial guesses are not diverse enough, or the optimization steps aren't sufficient. Maybe the key is to generate a better initial guess.

So, perhaps I can try generating a more optimal initial guess. For example, using a function that's a combination of multiple pulses arranged in a way that minimizes overlaps. But how?

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated method to generate the initial guess. For instance, using a Fourier series approach. Since the problem is related to periodicity, perhaps a function with certain frequencies would be better.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal h might be related to a function that is as uniform as possible in its overlaps. For instance, a function that is constant over certain intervals.

Another thought: the problem is equivalent to finding a function h with area 1 such that for any shift k, the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k is minimized. This can be viewed as minimizing the maximum value of the integral over all possible shifts.

To minimize this, the function h should be arranged in such a way that when shifted, the regions where h is 1 and the regions where 1-h is 1 (i.e., where h is 0) overlap as little as possible.

This suggests that h should be as uniform as possible, but with the area constraint, it can't be uniform. So maybe h has regions where it's 1 and 0 alternately, spaced out so that shifts don't cause much overlap.

Perhaps the optimal h is a periodic function with a certain period. For example, a square wave with frequency that makes the period divide the interval [0,2] in a way that the overlap is minimized.

But how to determine this frequency? It's unclear. Maybe trying different frequencies and duty cycles in the initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a heuristic: the optimal overlap might be achieved when the function h is such that the overlap with its shifted version is uniform for all shifts. That is, the maximum overlap is the same for all shifts. This would be ideal, but it's not clear how to achieve this.

Another idea: the problem can be viewed as a minimax problem. The maximum overlap is the worst-case shift. So, to minimize this, the function h should be designed to balance all possible shifts.

This is similar to the concept of a "perfect sequence" in signal processing, where the cross-correlation has minimal peaks. However, the exact connection isn't clear, but perhaps similar techniques could be applied.

In any case, given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code by improving the initial guesses and optimizing more thoroughly.

Let me think about the previous code structure. It uses several initial guesses, then performs SLSQP optimization on them, followed by differential evolution, and then refinement. Perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses or varying the parameters in the optimization steps could help.

For example, the current code generates guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe adding more variations or using different methods to generate the initial guesses.

Another thing to note: the code uses 45 points (initial_h_values). Maybe using more points could yield better results, but the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. However, the previous code uses n_points=45, which is acceptable.

But since the time is limited, maybe trying with fewer points could help. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are faster. So perhaps using n_points=45 is optimal.

Alternatively, perhaps the code could be modified to use a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using a more efficient initialization step.

Alternatively, using a different starting point. The current initial guesses include various waveforms. Maybe using a different starting point, such as a random function that is more spread out.

Another thing to consider: the constraint that the sum of h is fixed. The previous code ensures this by using the 'cons' constraint in the optimization. However, during the initial guess generation, the function is generated to have the correct sum. But sometimes during optimization, the constraint might be violated. But the code uses a constraint in the optimization.

Another idea: in the previous code, during the initial guesses, they use functions like gen_pulses, gen_square, gen_saw, etc. These functions generate waveforms. Maybe these are not the best starting points. Instead, perhaps generating random functions with a more structured approach could be better.

For example, instead of randomly generating functions, use a grid-based approach. For instance, partition the interval into segments and assign values in a way that balances the area.

But generating such functions algorithmically could be done with NumPy's linspace and some transformations.

Wait, perhaps using a sawtooth waveform with a certain frequency and duty cycle is a good starting point. The duty cycle determines how much of the wave is high. By varying the duty cycle, we can create different patterns.

Another idea: the optimal h function might have regions where it's high and low, spaced apart by a certain distance. For example, if we create a function that is high for intervals of length L and low otherwise, arranged periodically. The challenge is choosing L and the number of such intervals to satisfy the integral constraint and minimize the overlap.

Let me try to think about this. Suppose we have N intervals where h is 1, each of length L. The total area would be N * L = 1. The total interval is 2, so the total number of intervals would be constrained by N * L = 1 and the spacing between intervals. If the intervals are placed with spacing S between them, the total length would be N * L + (N - 1) * S = 2. But this depends on placement.

However, this is a simplification. But if we assume that the intervals are non-overlapping and spaced apart, then this might be a way to model the problem. The overlap when shifted by k would depend on how much the intervals overlap when shifted. For example, shifting by k could cause some overlap between the intervals.

But this is getting complicated. Maybe the best approach is to stick with the previous code but improve it by making the following changes:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses by varying the parameters of the waveform functions.
2. Increase the number of iterations in the optimization steps to ensure better convergence.
3. Use a different optimization method or adjust the parameters of the existing methods to improve performance.

Let me think about how to implement this in code.

First, in the code, the guesses are generated with various frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe adding more frequencies or varying the parameters more could help. For example, instead of frequencies up to 10, perhaps up to 20 or higher.

Second, in the DE step, increasing the number of iterations or the population size might help. But with time constraints, this could be risky.

Third, in the refinement step, using more iterations might help, but again time is limited.

Another idea: perhaps the initial_h_values are not the best starting point. Instead of using the initial_h_values provided, maybe generate a random initial guess that satisfies the constraints. However, the problem says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So I should use it as the starting point.

Wait, the problem says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So perhaps I should start from that and try to improve it, not using other initial guesses. But the previous code uses other initial guesses. Maybe that's a problem.

But since the user says that the initial_h_values is available, perhaps I should start from there and perform optimizations. But the previous code uses other initial guesses, which might lead to different minima.

But the user's previous code achieved a higher C₅ value (0.381142) than the current record. So there's room for improvement.

Another thing to consider: the code uses multiple optimization steps. Perhaps, instead of using SLSQP for all steps, using a combination of methods could be more effective. For example, using a genetic algorithm in the initial steps, then refining with SLSQP.

But with the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Another idea: the current code uses the same h for all optimization steps. Maybe using different initial guesses for each optimization phase could help find better minima.

Alternatively, using parallel optimization steps, but with only 1 CPU, this is not possible.

Hmm. Perhaps the most effective way to improve the code is to increase the diversity of initial guesses. For example, generating more initial guesses with different waveforms, frequencies, and duty cycles.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with frequencies from 3 to 10, and various duty cycles. Maybe increasing the frequency range, adding more duty cycles, or other waveform types.

But since the code has a limited number of lines, perhaps the main change would be to generate more initial guesses.

Another thing: in the current code, when generating guesses, the initial H is used, and then other functions are added. Maybe the code could generate even more diverse guesses, such as using more waveforms or different parameters.

Alternatively, using a different waveform function, like a cosine or other function.

But to fit within the token limits, I need to make code changes that are concise.

Another idea: instead of generating guesses via various waveform functions, use a different approach to generate better initial guesses. For example, using a random initial guess and then perturbing it to create variations.

But again, this is what the code is doing with gen_random.

Alternatively, combining the existing initial guesses with a more intelligent way to generate them.

Another thought: perhaps the DE step could be enabled more thoroughly. For example, running DE for more iterations and with more parameters.

But again, time is a constraint.

Perhaps the key is to improve the initial diversity of the guesses. So, in the code, when generating guesses, add more functions. For example, generate more square, pulse, triangle, and sawtooth waves with different parameters.

But how to code that concisely?

Alternatively, use a loop to generate guesses with varying frequencies and duty cycles.

In the current code, the guesses are generated with:

    for freq in range(3, 11):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_square(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))

So, perhaps this is not sufficient. Maybe adding more frequencies, or more duty cycles.

Alternatively, adding more variations in the frequencies and duty cycles.

But given the code's length constraints, this may not be feasible.

Another approach: the current code uses multiple optimization steps. Perhaps combining the different methods more effectively. For example, using differential evolution for the initial optimization and then using SLSQP for refinement.

But I think the previous code already does that.

Another idea: during the optimization, the code uses SLSQP with a large number of iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations in SLSQP could help find a better minimum.

But this would take more time. However, if the code can fit within the budget, it could be beneficial.

Alternatively, reducing the number of iterations in the DE step to save time for the SLSQP steps.

In the previous code, during the initial guess generation, there are 5 random guesses. Maybe increasing the number of random guesses could help.

Another thing: the code has a line `initial_h_values` which is provided. Perhaps the initial_guess could be a better starting point by using that value as the initial h, then performing optimizations.

But the current code starts with the initial_h_values, then adds other guesses. Maybe starting with that and refining it could be better.

But the user says that when initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So maybe the code should start with that, and then use other guesses to improve it.

But the previous code does that.

So, perhaps the main improvements would be to generate more diverse initial guesses, and use more effective optimization steps.

Another idea: in the current code, the DE step is called 5 times, and each time it is followed by an SLSQP refinement. Perhaps increasing the number of DE runs could help find a better minimum.

But again, time is a constraint.

Another thing: in the current code, the optimization for the initial guesses uses SLSQP with maxiter 200 and ftol 1e-11. Maybe adjusting the ftol to be less strict could allow more iterations to find a better solution, or increasing maxiter could help.

But if the code is already using a low ftol, perhaps that's already tight enough.

Another thing to consider: the evaluation function computes np.correlate(h_vals, 1-h_vals, mode='full') * dx. This is equivalent to computing the cross-correlation for all shifts. However, for the maximum object, maybe some shifts are more important than others. Could the code focus on those shifts?

For example, maybe the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts k. If the code can identify those and focus the optimization on minimizing those, the result might be better. But how to implement that without increasing computation time?

Alternatively, perhaps the code is already correctly evaluating all shifts, so no need to modify that.

Putting this all together, the main improvements I can think of are:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, possibly by varying the parameters more widely.
2. Increase the number of optimization iterations, especially in the DE steps.
3. Refine the SLSQP steps with more iterations.
4. Perhaps use a different optimization method or tune the existing ones.

However, given the time constraints and the code structure, the most feasible changes would be to improve the initial guesses and optimize more thoroughly.

Let me try to implement these changes in the code. For example, increasing the number of initial guesses, generating more frequencies, and adjusting the optimization parameters.

But to keep the code within the token limit, I'll need to make concise changes. Here's a possible approach:

- Increase the frequency range for generating pulses and square waves to 1-20.
- Add more duty cycles for the saw and triangle functions.
- Increase the number of random guesses.
- Increase the number of DE iterations.

But without knowing the exact implementation, I'll have to code this.

In the code, the initial guesses are generated with for freq in range(3, 11): ... and for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]. Perhaps expanding those ranges and adding more duty cycles.

Additionally, the random guesses are added with _ in range(5). Perhaps increasing that to provide more variation.

Also, in the DE step, the number of iterations is set to 70. Maybe increasing this to 100 would help, but with time constraints.

Overall, the changes would involve generating a more diverse set of initial guesses and allowing more iterations in the optimization steps.

Another idea: the code uses the same function for all guesses, but perhaps some functions are better than others. For example, triangle waves may have better properties than square waves.

In any case, I'll proceed to adjust the code to include more initial guesses and optimize more thoroughly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_square(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((np.sign(wave) + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 12):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_square(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```