<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. My previous code used a combination of different optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess. But maybe I can do better by changing the approach.

Hmm, the user said that the previous code used a lot of different guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random ones. But maybe that's too slow and not effective. Let me think about alternative strategies.

First, maybe I should focus on a more efficient optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP and DE, but maybe a genetic algorithm or another metaheuristic could explore the search space better. Wait, but the user mentioned that the code is supposed to run within 100 seconds, so I need something that's fast enough.

Alternatively, perhaps using a gradient-based method with a better initial guess. The initial guess provided by initial_h_values might be good. Maybe I can refine that using a more targeted optimization. For example, using a convex optimization approach, but I'm not sure if the problem is convex.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation. This is a non-convex problem, so convex optimization might not work. So maybe I need to use a non-convex optimization method with better hyperparameters.

The previous code used SLSQP with a small maxiter and some randomness. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a different method like Adam or L-BFGS-B could help. Also, handling the constraints better.

Another idea: maybe instead of trying random guesses, use a more structured approach. For example, using a periodic function with certain symmetries. Or maybe a sparse representation, like placing 1s and 0s in certain intervals. But the initial_h_values might be more complicated.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given as a starting point. So perhaps I should start from there and perform a more intensive optimization. Maybe using a Newton-CG method with constraints. Or using a combination of local and global optimization.

Wait, but the previous code uses multiple methods. Let me think: the initial approach uses a bunch of different guesses and then refines them. Maybe I can reduce the number of guesses and focus on a few promising ones. For example, using a few different pulse shapes or adjusting the initial guess more carefully.

Another thought: the integral to minimize is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). This is equivalent to the maximum overlap of h with the shifted complementary function. So perhaps the problem is related to minimizing the maximum cross-correlation. 

In signal processing terms, this is similar to designing a signal that has low cross-correlation with its shifted versions. Maybe there are known methods for this. But I'm not familiar with exact techniques here.

Alternatively, maybe using a mathematical formulation. For example, the problem is to find h that minimizes the maximum value of the cross-correlation. Since it's a maximization over k, perhaps we can use a method that minimizes the maximum by balancing the correlations.

Another thing: the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimizer, but maybe it's too slow for my constraints. Maybe I should switch to a local optimizer with a good initial guess. For example, after getting a good initial guess from DE, refine it with SLSQP.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first run a global optimizer to find a good candidate, then perform local optimization to refine it.

Wait, the previous code already does something like that. It uses DE for a few iterations and then refines with SLSQP. Maybe I can increase the number of DE iterations or adjust the parameters.

But how do I know if that's the best approach? Let me think about the code structure. The previous code uses a lot of different guesses, which might not be efficient. Maybe I can focus on a few key structures.

For example, if the initial_h_values are based on some periodic pattern, maybe I can perturb that pattern in certain ways. For instance, adding small variations to the initial guess, then optimizing.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of points, maybe choose an optimal n_points. The user mentioned that smaller n_points are preferred. For example, n_points around 50 might be better than 45. Wait, the initial code uses n_points as len(initial_h_values), which is 45. If I can find a better n_points, maybe that helps. But how?

Alternatively, maybe using a different discretization. The current code uses 45 points. Let me check what the initial_h_values are. But I can't access them. However, the code starts from that, so maybe I can work with that.

Another approach is to use a more efficient optimization algorithm. SLSQP is good for constrained problems, but maybe using a different method like COBYLA or Nelder-Mead. Or perhaps using a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the parameter space more intelligently.

But given the time constraints, maybe it's better to stick with SLSQP and DE but tweak the parameters. For example, increasing the population size for DE or the number of iterations.

Wait, in the previous code, DE is run 5 times, each with maxiter=100. Maybe increasing that to 200 would help. But then the time budget might be exceeded.

Alternatively, use a more efficient method for the initial optimization. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a smaller population and more generations, then refine with SLSQP.

Wait, but the code is supposed to run within 100 seconds. So perhaps I can optimize the code by reducing the number of guesses and focusing on a few key optimizations.

Another idea: instead of generating random guesses every time, maybe use a more structured approach. For example, start with the initial_h_values and perform a local optimization, then perturb it in certain ways and optimize again.

Alternatively, perform a coordinate descent, where each element of h is adjusted to minimize the maximum integral, considering the constraints.

But I'm not sure how to implement that efficiently.

Another thought: the maximum value of the integral is over k. So, for each h, the worst-case k is the one that gives the highest integral. So during the optimization, perhaps we can focus on minimizing this maximum value by considering the worst-case k.

But how to model that? The problem is that the maximum is over k, which is continuous. So it's challenging.

Alternatively, during training, we could sample several k values and minimize the maximum over those. But that's an approximation.

Alternatively, the previous code uses the full convolution, which gives all k values. But that's computationally expensive, especially for large n_points.

Wait, the code uses np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full'), which computes the cross-correlation for all possible lags. The maximum of that is the C5 value. So the objective function is correctly computed.

So perhaps the main issue is the optimization algorithm. Maybe using a more effective local optimizer after finding a good initial guess.

Wait, the previous code does a lot of iterations. Maybe that's why it's taking time. Let me think about how to make it faster. For example, reducing the number of guesses, but trying to get better initial points.

Another idea: instead of running DE 5 times, maybe run it once with a large population and then refine. But how to fit that into the time budget.

Alternatively, use a hybrid approach: first perform a few iterations of DE, then switch to SLSQP with a higher maxiter.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values as a starting point and optimize it with SLSQP for a long time.

But how to make sure that the code doesn't get stuck in a local minimum? Maybe it's better to have multiple starting points.

Wait, the previous code generates a list of different starting points, including pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random ones. That's a lot of possibilities, but maybe some of them are not effective.

Another thing to consider: the constraint ∑h = n_points / 2. So the total area is fixed. So the problem is optimizing h with that constraint.

Another idea: maybe using a piecewise constant function with a certain structure. For example, splitting the interval into segments where h is 0 or 1, but that's not allowed since h can be anywhere between 0 and 1. However, perhaps using a function that alternates between high and low values.

But again, without knowing the exact structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values is a solution that has a certain periodic structure, and we can modify it by adding small perturbations to improve the C5 value.

So maybe the plan is:

1. Start with the initial_h_values.

2. Perform a local optimization (like SLSQP) to refine it, focusing on minimizing the C5 value.

3. Use a global optimization method (like DE) to explore nearby regions, then refine those.

But since the previous code already does that, maybe the problem is that the code is not efficient enough. So perhaps I can reduce the number of guesses and focus on optimizing the initial guess.

Alternatively, since the previous code achieved a C5 of 0.381142, which is slightly worse than the target, maybe I can improve that by adjusting the parameters. For example, using a more efficient optimization algorithm, or more iterations.

Wait, let's think about the code structure. The code uses a loop over guesses, each time applying SLSQP with a certain number of iterations. Then, after that, it runs DE for a few iterations, then refines again with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of DE iterations or the number of SLSQP iterations could help, but that might take more time.

But the time budget is fixed. So I need to balance between the number of iterations and the time spent.

Another approach: since the code uses a lot of different guesses, perhaps I can use the initial_h_values as the first guess and then perturb it slightly and optimize. For example, adding a random perturbation to the initial guess and running SLSQP.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values and optimize with SLSQP for a long time. But if that's stuck in a local minimum, it may not find a better solution.

Hmm. What if I focus on the initial guess and perform multiple rounds of refinement, using the best solution found so far as the starting point for the next optimization.

But how to implement that efficiently.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is derivative-free and might be effective for this problem.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. So perhaps using a combination of global and local optimization could be better.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum cross-correlation, perhaps the optimal h has certain symmetry properties. For example, being periodic or having a certain pattern that evenly spreads the mass. So maybe generating h with certain symmetries and optimizing from there.

Alternatively, using a greedy approach: for each x, adjust h(x) to reduce the maximum overlap. But that's not straightforward.

Alternatively, using a heuristic that places the 1s and 0s in such a way that their shifts don't overlap too much. For example, using a divide-and-conquer approach where the interval [0,2] is divided into regions.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to proceed.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the C5 value. Since the previous code uses np.correlate, which is O(n²), for large n_points, this could be slow. However, since the user prefers smaller n_points, perhaps using n_points around 100 is manageable.

But the original code uses 45 points, which is manageable. So maybe trying with a larger n_points (like 100) could give a better approximation. However, the previous code's initial_h_values are for 45 points. So if the initial_h_values is available, we can use that, but perhaps with more points.

Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So using 45 or 100 points is better. But I need to confirm if the initial_h_values is for 45 points. Since the code is given, perhaps it is.

So given that, maybe I can tweak the code to use the same number of points, but make the optimization faster.

Wait, the previous code uses multiple guesses, but perhaps it's too slow. So maybe reducing the number of guesses and focusing on a few key ones. For example, using the initial guess and a few modified versions of it.

Another idea: using genetic algorithms. But the previous code uses DE, which is similar. However, DE might be less effective than some other methods.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization to find the best parameters, but that's more complex.

Hmm. Considering time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to tweak the existing code to make it more efficient. For example:

- Reduce the number of guesses (maybe remove some of the pulse, saw, and triangle waves).
- Use the initial_h_values as the primary guess and run more aggressive optimization on it.
- Increase the number of iterations for SLSQP and DE.
- Use better settings for the optimization methods, like tighter tolerances or more iterations.

Additionally, since the initial_h_values may have a certain structure, maybe adjusting it by adding small random perturbations and optimizing.

So here's a plan for the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the primary starting point.

2. Perform a series of optimizations using SLSQP with increasing iterations, refining the solution.

3. Use DE to explore nearby regions, then refine with SLSQP again.

4. Reduce the number of guesses to just the initial guess and a few perturbations, making the code faster.

5. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods to allow more iterations but within the time budget.

Additionally, maybe using a better initial guess by modifying the initial_h_values.

Another idea: during the optimization, track the best solution and use that as the starting point for subsequent optimizations.

Putting this into code:

- Start with the initial_h_values.

- Run SLSQP with more iterations (e.g., 500) and tighter tolerance.

- Then use DE with a larger population and more generations, but within the time budget.

- Then refine again with SLSQP.

But how to structure this in code.

Alternatively, replace the guessing phase with a single starting point and multiple refinement steps.

Considering that the previous code used multiple guesses but the time is limited, perhaps reducing the number of guesses and focusing on the initial one.

So, modifying the code to:

- Use only the initial_h_values as the starting point.

- Run SLSQP for several iterations.

- Then run DE once, then refine with SLSQP.

- Repeat this a few times.

Also, adjusting the parameters for DE and SLSQP to allow more iterations.

But how to fit this into the code.

In the previous code, the 'guesses' list has many elements. By reducing that to just the initial guess, we can save time.

So, let me adjust the code to:

- Remove the generation of other guesses (pulses, saw, etc.).

- Use only the initial_h_values as the first guess.

- Then perform DE once, then refine with SLSQP.

But then, how to improve? Maybe also generate a few perturbations of the initial guess.

Alternatively, generate a small number of perturbations as guesses.

So, in code:

- Start with the initial_h_values.

- Generate a few perturbed versions (e.g., add small random noise to the initial guess).

- Then run SLSQP and DE on each of those.

This way, it's more efficient than generating many guesses.

Another thing: in the previous code, the DE function is called 5 times, each with maxiter=100. Maybe increasing that to 200 would help, but need to check time.

But with the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps allowing a few more iterations.

Also, in the DE parameters, mutation and recombination can be adjusted for better performance.

But given the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to focus on the initial guess and refine it thoroughly.

So, the revised code would:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the primary guess.

2. Run SLSQP with a high number of iterations.

3. Run DE once with a larger population.

4. Refine with SLSQP again.

Additionally, maybe adding a few perturbations to the initial guess to get a few more starting points.

But to keep the code concise, let me try to implement this.

Another point: the previous code uses 'slsqp_guess' which is a function that runs SLSQP with a given guess. So, perhaps in the revised code, we can call this function with the initial guess, then run DE, then refine.

So, modifying the code:

- Generate the initial guess as initial_h_values.

- Run SLSQP on it.

- Then run DE once, then SLSQP.

- Repeat a few times.

Also, the DE run might need to be adjusted for speed. For example, using a smaller population size but more generations.

Another thing: the code may benefit from using a better initial guess. So, maybe generating a few perturbations of the initial guess and optimizing each.

But with the time constraints, we need to balance between exploration and exploitation.

Putting all this together, here's the plan for the code:

- Start with initial_h_values.

- Run SLSQP with a high maxiter (e.g., 500) and tight tolerance.

- Generate a few perturbations of the initial guess (e.g., adding small random noise, or shifting some values).

- Run DE on each of these perturbations.

- Refine the best solution with SLSQP again.

- Return the best solution found.

This approach focuses on optimizing a few key starting points, which may be more efficient than generating many guesses.

Now, translating this into code.

First, the code would start with initial_h_values, then generate perturbations. For example, adding a small random noise to the initial guess.

Then, for each perturbation, run DE and then SLSQP.

But to keep it concise, perhaps generate a few perturbations and run DE on them.

In code:

initial_guess = initial_h_values

perturbations = [initial_guess]
for _ in range(3):
    perturb = initial_guess + np.random.normal(0, 0.05, size=len(initial_guess))
    perturb = np.clip(perturb, 0, 1)
    perturbations.append(perturb)

Then, for each perturbation, run DE and then SLSQP.

This way, the code has a few starting points.

Additionally, the DE function can be adjusted to have a larger maxiter, but within the time budget.

Another thing to consider is the objective function. The previous code uses np.correlate, which may be slow. However, with a small number of points, it's manageable.

Now, implementing this in code.

So, the code would:

- Use initial_h_values as the starting point.

- Generate a few perturbations.

- Run DE on each perturbation, then SLSQP.

- Track the best solution.

- Then run a few more refinements with SLSQP.

Additionally, the code can use the same slsqp_guess function as before.

Another thing: the previous code had a 'refine' function which runs SLSQP with more iterations. So, after DE, run refine.

Now, putting it all together:

The code would start with the initial_h_values, generate a few perturbations, run DE on them, refine with SLSQP, and then proceed with further refinements.

Also, the code must not use embedded data, so the perturbations are generated algorithmically.

But this approach should be more efficient than the previous one, which used many guesses. The code would focus on a few key starting points.

Now, writing the code accordingly.

The code should:

- import necessary modules.

- define the run function.

- use the initial_h_values.

- generate perturbations.

- run DE on each, then refine.

- track the best solution.

Also, the parameters for DE and SLSQP should be adjusted for better convergence.

Another thing: the time budget is 100 seconds, so the code must not run too long. Therefore, the number of DE runs and SLSQP iterations must be limited.

In the previous code, DE was run 5 times, each with maxiter=100. Perhaps changing DE's maxiter to 100 and running it once, then SLSQP with more iterations.

But to fit into the time budget, perhaps a few DE runs and some SLSQP refinements.

Also, the code should use the same objective function and constraints as before.

So, here's the step-by-step plan for the code:

1. Define the initial guess as initial_h_values.

2. Generate a few perturbations (e.g., 3) of the initial guess by adding small noise.

3. For each perturbation, run DE to find a better solution, then run SLSQP to refine it.

4. Track the best solution found so far.

5. Then, perform several rounds of SLSQP refinement on the best solution.

6. Return the best solution and its C5 value.

This approach should be faster than the previous one, as it doesn't generate many guesses.

Additionally, the code can use the same 'slsqp_guess' function, but with increased maxiter.

Now, implementing this in code:

The code would start by defining the initial guess, then generating perturbations. Then run DE on each, refine with SLSQP.

Also, adjust the DE parameters for better performance.

Another thing: the previous code used a 'cons' function for the constraint. The code must ensure that the sum of h is exactly target_sum.

Now, translating this into code:

The final code would look something like this, but structured with the steps outlined.

Now, putting all together, the code would look like this.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    def de_guess(g):
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=40, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    perturbations = [h]
    for _ in range(3):
        noise = np.random.normal(0, 0.02, size=n_points)
        perturb = np.clip(h + noise, 0, 1)
        perturbations.append(perturb)
    
    for g in perturbations:
        h_opt = de_guess(g)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```