<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from some initial points. But maybe I can find a better approach.

First, let me understand the problem again. We need to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral C₅ is minimized. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. 

The previous code uses a few guesses (like pulse, triangle, sawtooth waves) and then optimizes them with SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better way to structure the optimization. Perhaps using more intelligent initial guesses or a different optimization strategy.

I remember that in similar problems, using a genetic algorithm or a more sophisticated local search could help escape local optima. Alternatively, maybe using a probabilistic approach or a combination of different optimization techniques.

Wait, the current code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, followed by local SLSQP. Maybe I can modify the initial guesses or the way we generate them. For example, instead of using a few fixed waveforms, generate more diverse initial points. Also, maybe combining different frequency components or modifying the initial construction.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points = 45). Maybe trying with a different number of points could lead to better results? But the problem says to prefer smaller sequences, so maybe keeping n_points as low as possible is better. However, the previous code uses 45 samples, and maybe a higher n could allow for more detailed functions, leading to better bounds. But given the time constraints, perhaps 45 is manageable.

Wait, the problem allows for smaller sequences. But the initial code starts with 45 samples. Maybe trying with more samples could help, but the budget is tight. But the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. Hmm.

Alternatively, maybe using a different parameterization for h. Instead of a step function with fixed points, perhaps using a more structured approach, like dividing the interval [0,2] into segments with certain properties. For example, placing the function h(x) to be high in certain regions and low in others, ensuring that when shifted by k, the overlap is minimized.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal function has some symmetry or periodicity. For example, arranging the function so that it's non-overlapping with itself when shifted by certain amounts. Maybe using a construction with multiple peaks or troughs spaced in a way that they don't align when shifted.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem? It's tricky. Maybe the previous code's approach of using different waveforms is a good starting point, but perhaps we can experiment with more waveforms or more complex initial guesses.

Another angle: the current code applies differential evolution followed by SLSQP to refine the solution. Maybe changing the optimization method or adjusting parameters could help. For instance, using a different local optimizer or adjusting the termination criteria.

Also, the code uses a fixed initial guess (initial_h_values). Maybe generating a better initial guess by modifying that. For example, perturbing the initial values or using a different construction.

Wait, the previous initial construction is probably a good starting point, but maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, combining multiple waveforms or creating a more complex shape by varying parameters.

Another idea: the overlap integral is maximized over k. To minimize the maximum, perhaps the function should be designed so that for any shift k, the product h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) is as small as possible. This suggests that h(x) and 1 - h(x + k) should be as non-overlapping as possible. So maybe the function should have regions where it's 1 and regions where it's 0, but spaced so that shifting doesn't cause much overlap.

But how to model that? Perhaps using a periodic function with specific period and duty cycle, as the previous code does. However, the previous code tried three different waveforms (pulse, triangle, sawtooth), but maybe more complex combinations are needed.

Alternatively, perhaps using a binary function with specific patterns, like placing the function in certain intervals in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. For example, dividing [0,2] into parts and setting h to 1 or 0 in those parts, ensuring that the shifts don't align the 1s and 0s.

But since it's a step function with n_points samples, it's more of a discretized approximation. So maybe a better approach is to use a more structured way to generate initial guesses.

Let me think about the previous code's structure. It starts with the initial_h_values, then creates some guess functions (pulse, triangle, sawtooth) with different frequencies and duty cycles. Then optimizes each with SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe the initial guesses are not diverse enough. Adding more types of waveforms could help.

Another thought: the current code uses SLSQP after differential evolution, but perhaps combining different optimization methods in a different order. For instance, maybe using genetic algorithms for global search followed by local optimization.

But in terms of code, maybe integrating more sophisticated initial guesses. For example, generating a set of initial guesses with varying parameters and optimizing each. For instance, varying the frequency and duty cycle of the pulse, triangle, and sawtooth functions.

Alternatively, using a more mathematical approach: the problem is similar to scheduling or resource allocation where you want to minimize the maximum overlap. This could be modeled as a quadratic optimization problem, but that might be computationally expensive.

Wait, the current code uses the objective function as the maximum of the correlation. However, the correlation is computed as np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full'), which gives the convolution of h and 1 - h. The maximum of these values, multiplied by dx, is the C₅ value. 

But perhaps instead of maximizing over k, we can find the maximum for each k and then take the maximum. However, the code already does that via the correlate function.

Another approach could be to use a more efficient way to compute the maximum overlap. For example, precomputing all possible shifts k and evaluating the integral for each. But given the problem's constraints, the current approach is acceptable.

Now, looking at the current code's performance: the previous best was 0.381142, which is slightly higher than the target. So to improve, we need to find a h that reduces this value. How?

Perhaps by trying more different initial points. For example, generating initial guesses that are more complex. For example, using a combination of different waveforms, or introducing notches or other patterns.

Another idea: the current code uses SLSQP with constraints. But maybe adding more constraints could help guide the optimization. However, the problem has only one constraint (the integral must be 1), so perhaps that's already sufficient.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, like basin-hopping, which combines local optimization with random perturbations. However, implementing that might be more complex.

Wait, the problem allows for using any scipy optimization method, including those mentioned. The current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using more sophisticated settings, like adjusting the tolerance or the number of iterations.

Also, in the previous code, the initial guesses are fixed. If the initial_h_values are a good starting point, but perhaps perturbing them slightly could lead to better solutions. For example, starting with the initial guess and adding some noise to explore nearby regions.

Alternatively, generating multiple initial guesses by varying parameters of the waveform functions. For instance, varying the frequency and duty cycle of the pulse, triangle, and sawtooth functions to create a grid of initial guesses.

Another thought: the code uses the same number of points (n_points = 45) throughout. Maybe trying with a different number of points could yield a better solution. For example, using a larger n_points might allow for a more precise function, leading to a lower bound. But the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. However, if the initial solution is with n=45, maybe trying with n=60 or n=90 could be worth it, provided it doesn't exceed the time budget.

But the previous code's sample uses n_points = 45. Let me check the code again. The initial_h_values is a global variable, and the code uses len(h) as n_points. So the initial_h_values is a 45-point array. The code then uses that as the starting point. So if I can find a better way to generate initial guesses with the same or different n_points, that's better.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more intelligent way to generate initial guesses. For example, arranging the function h(x) as a periodic function with a certain period and duty cycle, but varying the parameters to find the optimal one.

Another idea: the overlap integral is maximized for certain shifts k. To minimize the maximum overlap, we could try to make the function h(x) such that for any shift k, the regions where h(x) is 1 are far from the regions where h(x + k) is 1. This is similar to designing a function that is "spread out" to avoid overlapping.

In that case, a possible approach is to create a function with multiple peaks distributed in such a way that their positions are not aligned when shifted. For example, using a series of pulses spaced equally apart.

But how to model that in the code? It could be done by generating a pulse train with specific spacing and duty cycle. The previous code includes a pulse waveform, but maybe adjusting the parameters could lead to better results.

Alternatively, perhaps using a binary function with certain gaps between 1s and 0s. For example, having the function be 1 for certain intervals and 0 for others, ensuring that when shifted by k, the 1s and 0s don't overlap.

But since h is a step function over n_points samples, this would require careful placement of the values. Maybe a way to construct such a function would be to divide the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 1 or 0, ensuring that the sum is 1 and the overlaps are minimized.

But how to translate this into an algorithm? Perhaps using a greedy approach: place the 1s in regions that minimize the maximum overlap. However, this is more of a heuristic and might not be straightforward to implement.

Alternatively, considering the current approach of using waveform functions, perhaps adding more waveform types. For example, using a combination of multiple waveforms with different parameters. However, the code already includes pulse, triangle, and sawtooth waveforms.

Another idea: using a more efficient optimization strategy. For example, using a combination of global and local optimization, but with better parameter tuning. The previous code uses differential evolution with a certain mutation and recombination rate. Maybe adjusting those parameters could lead to better results.

Alternatively, trying to use a different optimization method, like simulated annealing, which allows for more exploration of the search space. However, implementing simulated annealing might require more code and could be time-consuming.

Another possible modification: instead of using the initial_h_values as the first guess, generate a better starting point. For example, modifying the initial_h_values by perturbing certain samples or applying a transformation.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided by the parent construction. The user says that we should reference it directly and not copy its values. So perhaps using it as a starting point, but making small modifications to get better initial guesses.

In the previous code, the initial guesses are the initial_h_values, a pulse, triangle, and sawtooth. But maybe generating more variations of these waveforms with different parameters could lead to better results.

For example, generating multiple pulse waveforms with varying frequencies and duty cycles, and similar for other waveforms. Then optimizing each of these with SLSQP and differential evolution.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess, but constrained to the sum of 1. However, the previous code uses the initial_h_values and other generated functions.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations for differential evolution. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could lead to better exploration of the search space, but this might take more time.

But the budget is tight. So if we can optimize the code to run faster, that's better. Perhaps reducing the number of iterations in differential evolution but allowing more iterations in SLSQP refinement.

Alternatively, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters in differential evolution to better explore the parameter space.

Another possible approach is to use a hybrid optimization method, where multiple different optimization techniques are combined. For example, using differential evolution for a few iterations to find a good initial guess and then using SLSQP to refine it.

Another idea: using a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function. The current code computes the maximum of the correlation, which is O(n²) for each evaluation. Maybe there's a way to optimize this part, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, precomputing the shifts k that are most likely to produce maximum overlap and focusing the optimization on those. However, this requires prior knowledge of the optimal shifts, which we don't have.

Another angle: the current code returns the best solution found after a series of iterations. Maybe trying to use a different initial guess that is more promising. For example, generating a function that has more than one peak, which could help in minimizing the maximum overlap.

In addition, the approach of using different waveforms could be expanded. For instance, using a sine wave with a certain frequency, or combining multiple waveforms.

But considering the time constraints, perhaps modifying the code to generate more initial guesses with varied parameters could help. For example, varying the frequency and duty cycle of the pulse, triangle, and sawtooth functions, creating a grid of initial guesses.

However, the code's current implementation only uses a few guess functions. Expanding this could be time-consuming, but maybe adding a few more could help.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess with the correct sum. For example, generating random values between 0 and 1, and then scaling them to meet the sum constraint. This could be done in the code by generating a random initial guess and then normalizing it.

But how to balance between randomness and structure? Maybe generating random initial guesses could help escape local optima.

Another possible modification: instead of using separate guesses, generate a set of initial guesses by varying the parameters of the waveform functions and then optimizing them. This could be more efficient than relying on a few fixed functions.

In conclusion, the main ideas to improve the previous code could be:

1. Generating more diverse initial guesses with different waveforms and parameters.
2. Adjusting the optimization parameters (number of iterations, population size, mutation rates) in differential evolution and SLSQP.
3. Using a different optimization method, like simulated annealing or basin-hopping.
4. Trying different numbers of points (n_points) to see if a higher or lower n could yield better results.
5. Perturbing the initial_h_values to explore nearby regions.

Considering the time budget, I need to choose the most promising modifications. Let's focus on generating more diverse initial guesses and adjusting the optimization parameters.

So, in the code, I can add more initial guesses by varying the frequency and duty cycle of the pulse, triangle, and sawtooth functions. For example, adding a few different frequencies and different duty cycles.

Additionally, using a different initial guess that's a combination of these waveforms. For instance, generating a function that is a combination of a triangle and a pulse.

Another idea: using the initial_h_values as a base and adding a small amount of noise to it to create varied initial guesses.

Also, in the optimization process, using a lower number of iterations for differential evolution but allowing more refinement with SLSQP.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The current code computes the correlation once and then uses the maximum value. But perhaps there's a way to compute the maximum overlap more efficiently or to add constraints that guide the optimization.

In terms of code implementation, here's how I can adjust the existing code:

- Generate more initial guesses with varied parameters for the waveform functions.
- Use a different mutation and recombination rate in differential evolution to improve exploration.
- Allow more iterations in SLSQP for refinement.
- Perturb the initial_h_values to create additional initial guesses.

Let me outline the steps in the code:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as a base guess.
2. Generate additional guesses by varying frequency and duty cycle of the pulse, triangle, and sawtooth functions.
3. For each new guess, optimize using SLSQP and differential evolution.
4. After the initial optimizations, perform further refinement with SLSQP.
5. Use a combination of different optimization methods and parameters to guide the search.

Now, implementing this in code. Let's adjust the guesses section to include more variations. For example, instead of adding just a few guesses, create a range of frequencies and duty cycles for each waveform type.

However, generating too many initial guesses might take more time. So perhaps adding a few more guesses with different parameters.

Additionally, in the differential evolution part, perhaps increasing the population size to improve the exploration.

Another adjustment: in the previous code, the differential evolution is called with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the maxiter parameter or the number of generations could help.

But considering the time budget, I need to balance between exploration and the time taken. So perhaps adjusting the parameters to be more efficient.

Another idea: using a different objective function that penalizes higher overlaps more, but I think the current objective is correct.

Putting it all together, I can modify the code to generate more initial guesses with varied parameters, adjust the differential evolution parameters, and refine the solution with SLSQP.

Now, translating this into code changes. For example:

Change the guesses section to generate more initial guesses. Instead of just a few functions, create a grid of frequencies and duty cycles for each waveform.

But with the time constraints, maybe adding a few more guesses for each waveform type would be feasible.

Also, modify the differential evolution parameters to use a higher population size and more iterations, but keeping it within the budget.

Another idea: instead of using the same initial guesses for all iterations, perform a few iterations of differential evolution with different parameters.

In the end, I'll have to write the code that implements these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time
import random

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [3, 4, 5]:
        for duty in [0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
            guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, duty))
    for freq in [2, 3, 4]:
        for duty in [0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
            guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))
    for freq in [2, 3, 4]:
        for duty in [0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```