<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization starting from initial_h_values. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, let's understand the problem. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated by taking the convolution of h and (1-h), then taking the maximum value of that convolution multiplied by dx. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1.

The previous approach used several initial guesses (like pulses, triangles, sawtooth waves) and then optimized using SLSQP and differential evolution. However, maybe we can do better by trying different strategies.

Let me think about possible improvements. Maybe using more sophisticated optimization techniques, or a better initial guess. Also, the current code uses a fixed number of points, but maybe varying the number of points could help? But the problem says to prefer smaller sequences with less than 1k samples. The initial_h_values have 45 points. Maybe doubling that to 90 points? Wait, but the user says smaller sequences are preferred. The previous code uses n_points=45. Maybe increasing the number of points could help, but it's more computationally expensive. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, maybe it's manageable. But the user's previous code used 45 points, so perhaps we can stick with that.

Another idea: Maybe using a different optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Differential evolution might get stuck in local minima, but maybe combining it with other methods like genetic algorithms? However, the user's code uses scipy.optimize. Maybe using a different approach, like simulated annealing or particle swarm optimization? But those are not in the standard scipy library. Alternatively, using more efficient optimization techniques.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more clever initial guess. The initial_h_values are given, but maybe generating multiple different initial guesses and optimizing them could help avoid local optima. Also, perhaps using a more structured approach, like designing h to have certain symmetries or patterns that minimize the overlap.

Another angle: The overlap integral is equivalent to the maximum value of the cross-correlation between h and (1-h). So, maximizing the minimum of this cross-correlation. Wait, no—the problem says to minimize the maximum overlap. So the goal is to have the maximum cross-correlation value (after scaling by dx) as small as possible. This is similar to a design problem where we want to spread out the function h to avoid high overlaps with shifted copies.

In signal processing, this resembles the problem of designing a sequence that has low auto-correlation, which is related to the concept of a "difference set" or "low autocorrelation binary sequences". However, here it's a bit different because we're considering the cross-correlation between h and (1-h), and the goal is to minimize the maximum value.

So, perhaps looking into methods used for low autocorrelation sequences could be helpful. For example, using sequences with limited periodicity, or using a greedy approach to place the 1s and 0s in h such that their shifts don't overlap much.

But given that h is a step function, maybe we can model it as a binary sequence (i.e., h is either 0 or 1) but with the integral constraint. However, the initial solution isn't binary, so maybe that's not the case. Wait, the problem allows h to be any step function, so it can take values between 0 and 1. But the optimal solution might be a binary function, but that's not certain.

Another idea: The integral of h is 1, which means that on the interval [0,2], the average value of h is 0.5. So, the function h is, on average, half 1's and half 0's. But since it's a step function, perhaps arranging the 1's and 0's in a way that when you shift the function by k, the overlap is minimized. For example, spacing the 1's as evenly as possible.

Wait, the Erdős problem is about the minimum maximum number of overlaps when shifting, which is similar to the problem of distributing points on a circle to minimize the maximum number of overlapping intervals. But how does this translate to the current problem?

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral C₅ is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) dx. Since this is over the interval [0,2], we need to consider shifts of k that are within the interval. However, the convolution is computed for all possible k, so the maximum might occur for certain shifts.

To minimize this maximum, the function h should be designed such that whenever it is 1, the shifted function (1 - h) is as small as possible. Hence, the function h should be arranged to avoid overlapping with its negative, i.e., to have regions where h is high where (1 - h) is low, and vice versa.

But how to translate this into a function design? Maybe using a periodic function with certain periodicity. For example, a function that is 1 for certain intervals, then 0, and then repeating, but adjusted to the interval [0,2]. However, since the integral is 1 over [0,2], the function's total area under it is 1. For example, if the function is 1 on a length L interval, then L * 1 = 1, so L = 1. So, if the function is 1 on an interval of length 1, then 0 elsewhere. But that would make the overlap integral when shifted by k, where k is within the length of the shift that allows overlap.

But perhaps a more optimal approach is to have the function h consist of multiple intervals where it is 1, spaced out in such a way that their shifted versions don't overlap much. For example, if the function is 1 on two non-overlapping intervals, each of length 0.5, then the total area is 1. But the number of intervals could vary.

Alternatively, a function with more intervals—like multiple pulses—could distribute the 1's more evenly. However, the number of intervals depends on the total length of the intervals. Since the integral is 1, the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h(x) is 1 must be 1. So, the more intervals you have, the smaller each interval's length. But how does this affect the overlap?

If h is made up of multiple short intervals (say, n intervals, each of length 1/n), then shifting the function by certain amounts could cause overlaps between these intervals. So, the goal is to arrange these intervals so that when shifted, the overlap between h and (1 - h) is minimized.

This seems similar to a covering problem, where the intervals are arranged to avoid overlapping with their shifted versions. But perhaps there's a mathematical way to model this.

Another approach: Let's think of the problem as an optimization problem where the variables are the positions and widths of the intervals where h is 1. But since we are dealing with a step function, and with a fixed number of intervals, this might be too complex. However, with optimization techniques, we can model this.

But given the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to use a hybrid of different optimization techniques, perhaps combining different initial guesses with more efficient optimization methods.

Looking back at the previous code, it uses SLSQP and differential evolution. However, differential evolution (DE) is a global optimization method, but it can be slow and might get stuck in local minima. SLSQP is a local optimizer that can refine solutions. So perhaps adjusting the parameters of DE and SLSQP could lead to better results.

Another idea: Maybe trying different numbers of samples. The initial code uses 45 points, but maybe using 60 or 90 points? However, the user says smaller sequences are preferred. But if the initial code is 45 points, maybe increasing to 60 could help, but it's a trade-off between computational time and possible better results. Let's check the time constraints.

If we use 60 points, then dx is 2/60 = 1/30. For the same number of evaluations, it's possible that a higher resolution could yield better results. But with the time budget, I need to make sure the code runs within 100 seconds.

Another thought: The previous code uses a fixed n_points (from initial_h_values). Maybe if I can generate different starting points with varying n_points and optimize them. However, the problem says to use the initial_h_values if available, and not to reduplicate them. So, perhaps using the same n_points as the initial_h_values, which is 45.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess, such as a function that is more spread out. For example, instead of the initial_h_values, perhaps generating a function with a sinusoidal pattern that has low correlation when shifted.

Wait, the initial code generates several guesses like pulses, triangles, and sawtooth waves. Maybe there are other patterns that could lead to better results. For example, using a function composed of multiple pulses with different frequencies and duty cycles. Or using a more complex waveform that is designed to minimize the overlap.

Another approach: Since the overlap is the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h, maybe we can model this as an optimization problem where we want to minimize the maximum value of this cross-correlation. This can be viewed as a non-convex optimization problem, which is challenging.

Another idea is to use a more efficient optimization method, like the BFGS method with constraints, or a combination of different optimizers. However, given that the problem is non-convex and has constraints, it's possible that the best approach is a combination of global and local optimizers.

The previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global method, followed by SLSQP for local refinement. Maybe adjusting the parameters of these methods could help. For example, increasing the population size in differential evolution, or changing the mutation and recombination parameters.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. In the previous code, the objective function is the maximum value of the cross-correlation. However, the cross-correlation is computed as np.correlate(h_vals, 1-h_vals, mode='full'), which gives a longer array. The maximum of this array, multiplied by dx, is the value of C5.

But calculating this for each candidate h is computationally intensive, especially with many evaluations. Maybe using some approximation or analytical method to find the maximum, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, perhaps there's a way to model the problem using mathematical transformations. For example, using Fourier analysis to understand the cross-correlation. The cross-correlation of h and (1-h) is the same as the convolution of h with the reversed (1-h). However, the maximum of this convolution might be related to the Fourier transform's magnitude. But I'm not sure how to apply that here directly.

Let me think about the previous code. It starts with the initial_h_values and then generates some other initial guesses. Then it uses SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. The previous code's best result was 0.381142, which is slightly higher than the target of 0.380876. To improve this, perhaps the code can use more diverse initial guesses and different optimization techniques.

Another idea: Instead of generating initial guesses using the pulse, triangle, and sawtooth functions, maybe generate random initial points that satisfy the integral constraint. For example, randomly placing the 1s and 0s (or values between 0 and 1) in the function h, ensuring that the sum is correct. However, generating such initial points might be computationally expensive, but perhaps it's worth trying.

Alternatively, using a more structured approach. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal segments and assigning a certain value to each segment, then optimizing the values. For instance, with 45 points, each segment is 2/45 ≈ 0.0444. Assigning values to these segments and optimizing them.

But again, with time constraints, the code must be efficient. Maybe the previous approach can be enhanced by using more effective initial guesses or optimizing the parameters of the optimization methods.

Another possible improvement: Using a hybrid approach where multiple initial points are tried, and then a more efficient local optimizer is applied. For example, using a grid search over some parameters to generate initial points, then using SLSQP for refinement.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated local optimizer. SLSQP is a good choice for constrained optimization, but maybe using a different method, like a gradient-based approach, could be better.

Wait, the previous code uses a function obj that returns the maximum cross-correlation value. The function cons ensures that the sum of h is fixed. The constraints are handled with the equality constraint.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include pulse, triangle, and sawtooth waves. Maybe adding more initial guesses, such as a square wave, or a function with multiple high and low regions, could help find better solutions.

Another idea: Since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, which is similar to a Chebyshev-like problem, maybe using an algorithm that minimizes the maximum deviation. However, I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm approach, where the population consists of candidate h functions, and they are evolved to minimize the overlap. However, implementing this would require a different approach, and the previous code does not use it.

But given that the code must use existing scipy functions, perhaps using differential evolution with more parameters, or changing the mutation strategy, could lead to better results.

Another thought: The current code uses the same initial guesses for all iterations. Maybe varying the initial guesses by using different parameters for the pulse, triangle, and sawtooth functions. For example, varying the frequency or duty cycle to generate different shapes.

Also, perhaps using more initial guesses. For example, generating a random initial guess that satisfies the integral constraint, then using that as an initial point.

So, modifying the code to generate more initial guesses, perhaps combining the existing ones with random ones, could help.

Another adjustment: The previous code runs differential evolution for a limited number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations, or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters, could lead to better results. However, the computation time is limited, so there's a trade-off.

Additionally, after the differential evolution, the code performs several SLSQP refinements. Maybe performing more SLSQP steps, or using a different method for the local optimization.

Let me think about possible code changes. The previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = len(initial_h_values) = 45). Maybe trying a slightly higher number of points could allow for a better approximation of the optimal function.

But given the time budget, increasing the number of points might not be feasible. However, if the code can run faster with more points, it's worth considering. For example, using 60 points instead of 45. Let's check the computation.

If n_points is 60, dx is 2/60 = 0.0333. The number of samples is higher, but the code may take longer. However, maybe the increased resolution allows for better optimization.

Alternatively, using a lower number of points, say 30, but with higher resolution. But the problem says to prefer smaller sequences, so 45 might be acceptable.

Another idea: The previous code uses the same code for gen_pulses, gen_triangle, and gen_saw. Maybe generating other waveforms, such as a square wave with a specific duty cycle, or a more complex waveform made from combinations of these.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of a sine wave and a square wave, but that might be too complicated.

Another aspect to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The current code uses the maximum value of the cross-correlation, which is expensive. Perhaps precomputing the cross-correlation or using a faster way to compute it. However, with the given code structure, this might not be straightforward.

In summary, the previous code's main components are:

1. Starting with an initial h.
2. Generating several initial guesses.
3. Using differential evolution and SLSQP for optimization.
4. Retaining the best solution found.

To improve this, ideas include:

- Generating more diverse initial guesses.
- Tuning the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP optimizations.
- Trying different numbers of points.
- Adding more sophisticated initial guesses.

Implementing these changes in code could lead to better results.

Now, considering the code structure, let's think about how to modify it.

First, instead of generating only the pulse, triangle, and sawtooth functions, perhaps generating more variations. For example, adding a square wave, or a function that is a combination of different shapes.

Second, increasing the number of initial guesses. For example, generating random initial guesses that satisfy the integral constraint.

Third, adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution, such as mutation and recombination rates.

Fourth, using more iterations in differential evolution or different optimization methods.

Let me think about the code changes.

In the previous code, the guesses are:

guesses = [h]
guesses.append(gen_pulses(3, 0.5))
guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, 0.5))
guesses.append(gen_saw(3, 0.5))

Perhaps generating more guesses by varying the parameters. For example, using different frequencies or duty cycles.

Also, adding a random guess that satisfies the sum constraint. For example, creating a random h_vals with values between 0 and 1, then adjusting them to meet the sum constraint.

But generating such a random guess would require a method to adjust the values. For example, using a simplex method or scaling.

Alternatively, creating a random initial guess where the values are uniformly distributed and then rescaled.

However, this might not be feasible within the time constraints. Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as a starting point, and then perturbing them.

But given the time, perhaps generating a few more guesses would help.

Another idea: Use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, or the COBYLA method, which can handle bounds and constraints.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is suitable for equality constraints. Maybe trying different methods for the local optimization.

Another possible change: After the initial differential evolution runs, perform more SLSQP refinements. The current code does 3 refinements, which might be enough.

Also, perhaps using a different initial population for differential evolution, such as a more diverse one.

Now, considering the code, the main steps are:

- Initialize h with initial_h_values.
- Generate some guesses.
- Optimize each guess with SLSQP.
- Run differential evolution to find better solutions.
- Further refine the best solution with SLSQP.

To improve, perhaps:

- Generate more initial guesses.
- Adjust the parameters of differential evolution (like popsize, mutation, recombination).
- Use more iterations for differential evolution.

But for the code to be efficient, it's necessary to balance between the number of evaluations and the time.

The previous code also uses the initial_h_values as the first guess. Maybe trying to create other initial guesses based on different patterns.

Now, to implement these ideas, I'll modify the code to generate more initial guesses, adjust the parameters of the DE, and possibly use more diverse initial points.

Another thing: The evaluation uses the full mode of the correlate function, which returns a longer array. The maximum of this array is taken, then multiplied by dx. This is correct.

Another idea: Since the overlap integral for certain shifts might be more significant, maybe focusing the optimization on shifts that are more critical. However, this might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, using a different approach: Convex optimization methods, but the problem is non-convex, so that's unlikely.

In conclusion, the code could be modified by:

1. Generating more initial guesses, possibly including random ones.
2. Adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution.
3. Using different optimization methods for the local refinement.
4. Trying different numbers of points.

But given the time constraints, the code must be efficient. Let's proceed to implement these changes.

First, let's generate more initial guesses. The code already has gen_pulses, gen_triangle, and gen_saw. Let's add a gen_square function. Also, perhaps a function that creates a more complex waveform.

But creating a gen_square might be redundant with the gen_pulses function. Alternatively, maybe generating functions with different frequencies.

In the current code, the frequencies are all 3. Perhaps varying the frequency to generate different patterns.

Another idea: Using a function that has a specific pattern, such as a square wave with a certain duty cycle, but that's already covered by gen_pulses and gen_saw.

Alternatively, using a function that has a specific shape, such as a Gaussian-like function, but that might not be suitable for a step function.

Alternatively, using a binary pattern with a certain period, but this could be difficult to model.

In any case, generating more initial guesses by varying the parameters of the existing functions could help. For example, creating a guess with a different frequency or duty cycle.

Additionally, adding a random guess that satisfies the sum constraint.

So, let's adjust the guesses section in the code to include more variations.

Moreover, in the differential evolution, the previous code uses a popsize of 50 and maxiter of 50. Maybe increasing the population size to 100 could help, but with a smaller maxiter. Or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Also, in the code, after the differential evolution, there are 3 more SLSQP refinements. Maybe increasing this to more iterations.

But given the time, perhaps the code can be modified to try more diverse initial points, and use more optimal parameters for the DE.

Another idea: Using a grid search over certain parameters to find better initial points. For example, varying the frequency of the pulse function to find the best one.

But this would require more code.

In summary, here's a plan for the modified code:

- Generate more initial guesses by varying the parameters of the existing functions.
- Add a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint.
- Adjust the DE parameters to have a larger population and/or more iterations.
- Increase the number of local optimization steps.
- Use more efficient optimization methods for local refinement.

Now, implementing these changes into the code.

First, generating a random initial guess:

Add a function to generate a random h_vals that satisfies the sum constraint. For example:

def gen_random(n_points):
    h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
    # scale to make sum(h) = target_sum
    scale = target_sum / np.sum(h)
    h = np.clip(h * scale, 0, 1)
    return h

But this might not always work due to the clipping. Alternatively, using a more robust method, like rescaling after generating.

But given that the initial constraints are tight, this could be a way to generate a random guess.

Then, adding this to the guesses list.

Next, adjusting the DE parameters. For example, using popsize=100, mutation=(0.5, 0.95), and recombination=0.8.

Also, in the previous code, after the DE runs, it does a few more SLSQP steps. Increasing the number of steps or allowing more iterations.

Another change: Instead of using the same initial guesses for all subsequent steps, maybe use the best solution from the previous steps as a new initial guess.

But given time, the code can be adjusted.

So, putting all this together, the modified code would have more initial guesses, adjusted DE parameters, and more optimization steps.

Now, let's write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_square(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((np.sign(wave) + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
        scale = target_sum / np.sum(h)
        h = np.clip(h * scale, 0, 1)
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(3, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_square(3, 0.7))
    guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 80, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```