<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the goal is to get even lower, like 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better way.

First, let me understand the problem again. The task is to find a step function h over [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by any k. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The C₅ is the maximum of these integrals over all k. So, the goal is to minimize this maximum value.

The previous approach tried several initial guesses, like pulses, squares, sawtooths, etc., and then used optimization methods. But perhaps the initial guess is not optimal. Also, maybe the optimization method can be improved. Let me think.

The key idea is that the overlap integral is maximized when the shift k aligns the regions where h is 1 with the regions where 1 - h is 1. So, to minimize this maximum, we need to arrange h such that no shift causes too much overlap between h and 1 - h.

Another thought: since the integral of h is 1, the function h is like a probability distribution. The overlap integral for a shift k is the expected value of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) over x. So, it's like the covariance between h and a shifted version of h? Not sure.

Alternatively, perhaps this is related to the concept of "minimum discrepancy" in shift-invariant systems. Maybe using Fourier analysis could help, but since we are in the time domain, maybe it's tricky. However, the problem is nonlinear and constrained, so maybe a better approach is needed.

Let me think about the previous code. It uses a combination of different pulse shapes and random guesses, then optimizes. But perhaps the optimization is too slow or gets stuck in local minima. Maybe a different approach would help, such as a genetic algorithm, or a more structured optimization.

Another thing to consider is that the problem is constrained. The integral of h over [0,2] must be 1, and h is in [0,1]. The previous code uses SLSQP with constraints, but maybe using a different optimizer could help. Also, using more efficient optimization strategies, like gradient descent with momentum, or using an evolutionary algorithm.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution with random initializations, which might not be the best. Maybe a better approach is to use a genetic algorithm with elite selection, or a particle swarm optimization. Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient method like Nelder-Mead, but that's for unconstrained problems. Hmm.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, maybe we can model this as a minimax problem and use a global optimization approach. However, the previous code already tries some global methods.

Another angle: the overlap integral is computed as the correlation between h and 1 - h. The maximum correlation over all shifts. So, to minimize the maximum, perhaps we need to make the correlation as flat as possible across different shifts. This resembles a low auto-correlation sequence, which is a concept in signal processing. Maybe constructing h as a sequence with low cross-correlation with itself.

Wait, but the problem here isn't the auto-correlation of h, but the cross-correlation of h with 1 - h. So, maybe the idea is to have h and 1 - h as uncorrelated as possible. However, since the integral of h is 1, 1 - h has integral 1 as well (since the integral over [0,2] is 2, so 1 - h has integral 2 - 1 = 1).

So, perhaps the problem is similar to finding a function h with low cross-correlation with 1 - h. But how to model this?

Alternatively, maybe using a more structured approach. For example, using a piecewise constant function with specific parameters. Maybe breaking the interval [0,2] into segments where h is either 0 or 1, but that might not be optimal. However, the previous code uses step functions, so maybe we can try more structured patterns.

Another idea: since the interval is [0,2], maybe using a pattern that repeats or has symmetry. For instance, if the function h is symmetric around 1, making shifts in the middle of the interval have overlapping regions. Or perhaps using a function that is a combination of square waves with different frequencies and amplitudes.

Wait, the initial guess uses an initial_h_values array with 45 points. Maybe that's a specific pattern. If I can find a better initial guess, that might help. But the user said to refer to initial_h_values directly, so I can't change that. However, maybe I can generate other initial guesses based on known patterns or structures.

Alternatively, maybe the previous code's optimization is too slow. The time budget is 100 seconds. Maybe the code can be optimized by using faster optimization methods, or by reducing the number of evaluations. For example, using a more efficient optimizer, or using parallel optimization steps.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints, and then differential evolution, and then refinement steps. Maybe combining different methods in a smarter way. For example, using a genetic algorithm to explore the search space more thoroughly, and then using local optimization to refine the best candidates.

But since the code is written for a single CPU, and with 100 seconds budget, the code needs to be efficient.

Another thought: maybe the problem can be transformed into a linear programming problem. However, since the objective function is non-linear (max of integrals), it's not straightforward. Alternatively, consider that the maximum is over k, so perhaps we can model it as a max-min problem where we have to minimize the maximum value.

But again, the non-linearity complicates things.

Another approach: for a given h, the maximum overlap integral is the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the integral over x of h(x) times the integral over k of (1 - h(x + k)) for each x. But I'm not sure how that helps.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a game: the function h is trying to minimize the worst-case overlap when shifted. Maybe using game theory concepts, but not sure.

Alternatively, consider that for each shift k, the integral is like the convolution of h and 1 - h evaluated at k. So, the problem is to minimize the maximum value of the convolution of h with 1 - h. So, the maximum value of the convolution is what we need to minimize.

But how to find such h? This seems like a challenging problem. The previous code's approach is to use optimization with several initial guesses and then refine. Maybe trying different initial guesses, like more structured ones, could help.

Wait, the initial_h_values is a starting point. But maybe the previous code's initial guess isn't the best. Could I generate a better initial guess by constructing a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a certain pattern?

For example, suppose the function h is active for certain intervals and inactive for others. Let's assume that the interval [0,2] is divided into several segments where h is 1 or 0. The exact pattern would depend on trying to minimize the overlap. For instance, if the function is 1 in some regions and 0 in others, the overlap would be when a shift causes the 1 regions to overlap with the 0 regions of the other function.

But how to find such a pattern? Maybe using a heuristic like placing the 1's in the function such that their shifts don't cause significant overlap. For example, a periodic pattern with certain spacing.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a covering problem. To ensure that for any shift k, the overlap between h and 1 - h is minimized. The integral is the area where h(x) is active and 1 - h(x + k) is active. Since 1 - h(x + k) is active when h(x + k) is 0, this is the area where x is in the support of h and x + k is not in the support of h. So, the maximum of these areas over all k is what we need to minimize.

Therefore, the problem is equivalent to arranging the support of h such that no shift causes too large an overlap between the support and its shifted version. But how to model this?

Perhaps using a greedy approach: partition the interval [0,2] into equal parts, and then set h to 1 in some parts and 0 in others, trying to distribute the 1's so that their shift positions don't overlap too much.

But this is vague. Maybe a better approach is to look for known results or structures related to this problem. However, since the user wants an algorithm, perhaps generating a structured initial guess based on a known pattern.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So, if we construct h as a function that is 1 with some density and 0 otherwise, the average is 0.5. But how to arrange the regions where h is 1 to minimize the intersection with shifted versions.

For example, if the function h is a rectangle of length L, then the average is L/2. Setting L = 1 (since the average is 0.5). Then, the overlap with a shifted version would be max(lambda * (L - |k|)), but this depends on the shift. However, this is for a single rectangle. But for multiple rectangles, the overlaps could be more complex.

Alternatively, using multiple non-overlapping regions for h(x) = 1. For instance, if we have n intervals of length l, then the total length is n*l = 1 (since average is 0.5, then total integral is 1). So, l = 1/n. Then, spaced in such a way that shifting by certain amounts would not cause overlaps between these intervals.

But how to choose the number and positions of intervals to minimize the maximum overlap?

This seems like a covering problem. For example, if the intervals are spaced such that any shift would cause the overlap to be small. But I'm not sure.

Another approach is to use a randomized method, like the previous code's random_guess function. However, the code could be improved by using more informed random sampling, such as sampling from a distribution that favors certain patterns.

Alternatively, perhaps the previous code can be modified to use more efficient optimization steps. For instance, using a more efficient optimizer like COBYLA or Nelder-Mead, or using parallel optimization steps (but with only one CPU, this is difficult). Or perhaps using a different algorithm for the initial steps, such as a genetic algorithm.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but it can be slow. Maybe using a combination of a genetic algorithm with a small population size and a local optimizer could work better.

But how to implement this within the time budget?

Alternatively, since the integral is over [0,2], maybe we can discretize the function h into a certain number of points, say n_points, and then use a metaheuristic to find the best arrangement.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to generate multiple initial guesses based on different patterns and then refine them with SLSQP.

But what patterns could be effective? For example:

- A square wave with certain frequency and duty cycle.
- A sawtooth wave with specific parameters.
- A triangular wave with certain parameters.
- A random permutation of certain patterns.

The previous code uses these, but maybe adding more patterns or adjusting the parameters could help.

Moreover, the code could be optimized by precomputing the correlation values more efficiently, maybe by vectorizing the calculations or using precomputed values.

Another idea: during the optimization, compute the correlation for all possible shifts, but perhaps the code is already doing that via np.correlate.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum occurs at certain shifts (like small k), maybe the code could focus on optimizing for shifts in a specific range, but that's probably not helpful.

Another possibility is to use a different optimization strategy. For example, using a basin-hopping algorithm, which combines local optimization with random perturbations. However, scipy's optimize.basinhopping is available, but it may not be as efficient as other methods.

Alternatively, since the objective function is smooth (assuming h is smooth), maybe using gradient-based methods would be more efficient. However, the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, which are already gradient-based.

Wait, the previous code's initial approach uses SLSQP with multiple guesses. Maybe the problem is that some of the guesses are not good enough, and the SLSQP refinement isn't finding better solutions. Perhaps the initial guesses could be more varied.

Alternatively, using a more efficient random guess generator. For example, generating functions with more structured patterns, such as a specific number of pulses or intervals.

Another thought: the current best C₅ is 0.38085. To beat that, the code needs to find a function with a lower maximum overlap. Perhaps using a more complex pattern, like multiple overlapping pulses or a combination of different waveforms.

For example, combining square waves with different frequencies could create a more complex function that might have lower overlap with its shifted versions.

But how to implement this in code? The previous code generates several guesses with different waveforms. Maybe expanding that pool of guesses could help.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values might not be the best starting point. If I can find a better starting pattern, that could lead to a better solution.

But the user says to refer to the initial_h_values directly, so I can't change that. So, the code must start with that.

Wait, the user's previous code starts with initial_h_values, then tries other guesses. Maybe generating more variations of the initial guess could help.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe combining these with other methods.

Another idea: use a hybrid approach where initial guesses are generated with different patterns, then use SLSQP to refine each guess, and then use differential evolution in parallel. But again, with one CPU, it's hard to parallelize.

Another angle: the number of samples (n_points) affects the accuracy. The previous code uses 45 samples. Maybe increasing the number of samples could lead to better results. However, the user wants to use smaller n_points, as they are faster to optimize. So maybe 45 is acceptable.

Wait, the user's code is using n_points (from initial_h_values) as the length of the array. If the initial_h_values has 45 points, then the code uses that n_points. But maybe trying with higher n_points (like 60) could yield better results. However, the previous code's note says smaller sequences are preferred. So, maybe 45 is acceptable.

Another idea: during the refinement steps, instead of using SLSQP, use a different method that allows for more global exploration. But again, not sure.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. The previous code generates several guesses, but maybe generating more guesses with different parameters could help. For example, varying the frequency, duty cycle, etc.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate the guesses. For example, generating a set of initial guesses that are spread out in the search space.

Another thought: the previous code uses the same initial guess and then applies SLSQP and DE. But maybe the initial guess is not the best, so generating multiple initial guesses from different patterns and allowing the optimization to find the best among them could help.

But again, how to do that within the time budget.

Alternatively, adjusting the parameters of the optimization. For example, increasing the number of iterations in SLSQP or DE could help, but the time budget is tight.

Another possible improvement: using the initial_h_values as the starting point for the optimization. Maybe the previous code doesn't do that, but the initial_h_values could be a good starting guess. Wait, the previous code starts with the initial_h_values and then tries other guesses. But maybe that's not the best approach. What if the code starts with the initial_h_values and uses SLSQP to refine it, and also tries other guesses?

But the current code already starts with initial_h_values as the first guess.

Wait, the previous code's first guess is initial_h_values, then generates other guesses. Maybe the problem is that the initial guess is not the best and the optimization isn't finding a better solution. So, maybe trying more aggressive optimization steps on the initial guess.

Another idea: use a simulated annealing approach for the optimization. However, scipy does not have a built-in simulated annealing optimizer. But perhaps using a custom implementation would be too time-consuming.

Alternatively, adjusting the parameters of the SLSQP and DE methods. For example, in SLSQP, increasing maxiter and ftol could lead to better results. But the previous code sets ftol to 1e-11, which is very tight. Maybe that's too stringent and causing the optimizer to get stuck.

Alternatively, using a different constraint handling. For example, using bounds and equality constraints properly.

Another possible problem in the code is that the obj function computes the maximum of the correlation. However, the correlation for different shifts might have different scales. Perhaps normalizing the correlation before taking the maximum would help. But the current code multiplies by dx, which is already correct.

Another thing: the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the full cross-correlation. But for the calculation of the overlap integral, maybe the correct approach is to consider the overlap for shifts that are within a certain range (like shifts in [-1, 1], since the function is defined over [0,2], and shifting by more than 2 would overlap completely, but the integral might be different). However, the current code computes all possible shifts, which could be computationally expensive but necessary.

But the code is correct in that sense, as the maximum is taken over all k. However, the number of shifts depends on the number of points. For a function with n_points, the number of possible shifts is (n_points - 1) + (n_points - 1) = 2n_points - 1. But the code uses np.correlate which should handle that.

Another idea: the current code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations (200), which might not be enough. Maybe increasing maxiter could help, but that would take more time.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method, like using the L-BFGS-B method for the SLSQP steps. But the previous code uses SLSQP which might be slower than other methods.

But I need to think about what changes can be made to the code to potentially improve the result.

Perhaps the key is to generate more diverse initial guesses. The previous code generates a few different types of guesses, but maybe adding more variations, like different combinations of waveforms, or more frequencies, could help. For example, generating guesses with different phase shifts, or varying the duty cycle.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient way to generate the initial guesses. For example, creating some initial guesses based on the initial_h_values and perturbing them with small variations.

But how to implement this in code.

Another possible optimization is to precompute the correlation values for the initial guesses and use that to guide the optimization steps. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, using a different way to compute the objective function. For example, instead of using np.correlate, which is a vectorized operation, compute the correlation manually with the current h and 1 - h. But the current approach is already efficient.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is a maximum over k, perhaps we can try to find the k that gives the maximum overlap and then optimize h to minimize that specific k. However, this is a local approach and might not find the global minimum.

Alternatively, use a branch and bound approach, but that's computationally expensive.

In conclusion, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code by:

1. Generating more diverse initial guesses, especially with different patterns.
2. Adjusting the optimization parameters to allow for more iterations or better convergence.
3. Using more efficient optimization methods, perhaps combining SLSQP with other techniques.
4. Exploiting the initial_h_values as a good starting point and refining it further.

So, let's think about modifying the code:

- Generate more initial guesses, like different waveforms, with more parameters.
- Increase the number of iterations in the SLSQP and DE steps.
- Use a different optimization method for refinement, like COBYLA or others.
- Use a more scalable way to generate guesses.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to modify the existing code to use more initial guesses and refine them more thoroughly.

Also, the previous code uses differential evolution with a popsize of 150 and maxiter of 70. Maybe reducing the popsize and increasing the maxiter could be more efficient.

Another thing to consider is that the previous code checks for time and breaks early if the budget is exhausted. Maybe the code can be optimized to use more efficient steps when time is limited.

So, here's a plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Generate additional initial guesses using different waveforms and parameters.
- Use a combination of optimization methods: first, use differential evolution to explore the search space, then use SLSQP to refine the best solution.
- Allow more iterations in the optimization steps to improve convergence.
- Use a better way to generate guesses, such as varying frequency and duty cycle for different waveforms.

But how to implement this in code, given the constraints.

Another thought: since the initial guess is part of the problem, perhaps the best way is to start with that initial guess and use SLSQP with more iterations, and also try other initial guesses generated from different waveforms.

Moreover, adjusting the code's parameters, such as the mutation and recombination parameters for differential evolution, could lead to better performance.

Additionally, using multiple refinement steps with SLSQP to converge to a better solution.

Based on this reasoning, the code could be modified to:

- Generate a variety of guesses with different waveforms and parameters.
- Use differential evolution with more iterations.
- Use SLSQP refinement steps with more iterations.
- Check the time budget more carefully and adjust the number of steps accordingly.

Now, considering the code's structure, the previous code uses several guesses, including pulses, squares, sawtooths, and random guesses. To improve, perhaps increasing the number of guesses, or varying parameters for these guesses.

For example, instead of fixed frequencies for the pulses and squares, generate pulses with varying frequencies.

Also, adding more guesses like triangle waves or other patterns.

Another modification: in the DE steps, use a lower popsize but higher maxiter, as DE is more exploratory.

But given the time budget, I need to ensure that the code doesn't take too long.

Now, putting this all together into code.

The main changes would be:

1. Generate more diverse guesses by varying parameters for different waveforms.

2. Increase the number of iterations for DE and SLSQP.

3. Refined the refinement steps with more SLSQP iterations.

But since the code is time-constrained, perhaps adjusting the parameters to make it run faster.

Another thing: in the previous code, the initial_h_values is used as the first guess. Maybe this is a good starting point, so the code should prioritize it.

So, the revised code would:

- Start with initial_h_values and use it as a guess.
- Generate other guesses with different waveforms and parameters.
- Use DE and SLSQP to optimize each guess.
- Refine the best solution further with more SLSQP iterations.

Implementing these changes in code.

Another optimization: in the previous code, the initial guesses for pulses and squares are with frequencies from 3 to 10. Perhaps increasing the range of frequencies could help, but might be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, generating guesses with frequencies that are multiples of some base frequency.

Additionally, varying the duty cycle for waves.

Now, I'll try to write the code based on these thoughts, making sure to respect the constraints of the problem.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_square(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((np.sign(wave) + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 15):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.55))
        guesses.append(gen_square(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.25, 0.35, 0.45, 0.55]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 5:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```