<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the overlap integral, which is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The constraints are that h is in [0,1], integrates to 1 over [0,2], and we need to minimize the maximum overlap.

The previous code used various guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves) and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. It seems to be a heuristic approach, trying different initial guesses and refining them. But maybe there's a smarter way to approach this.

First, let me understand the problem better. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The max over k of this value is C₅. So we need to design h so that for any shift k, the overlap is as small as possible.

The initial approach uses a starting point with 45 samples. Maybe I can start from that and try to refine it further. However, the previous code didn't get below 0.381142. The target is even lower. So how can we improve that?

I should consider other optimization strategies. The previous code used a combination of different guesses and optimization methods. Maybe using a more efficient optimization method, or a different initial guess, could lead to a better result.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h has some symmetry or regular structure. For example, using a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that spreads out the overlaps. Maybe a more structured approach, like a multi-level or periodic function, could help.

But how to model that? Let's think about the integral. For each shift k, the overlap integral is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x+k) is 0. So to minimize this, the function h should be designed so that whenever it's 1, there's little overlap with its shifted version. This seems like a covering problem, where the function h is spread out such that its shifts don't overlap much.

Perhaps using a function that is a combination of pulses or blocks arranged periodically. But the exact arrangement isn't clear. Maybe a more mathematical approach is needed.

Alternatively, maybe we can model this as an optimization problem where the integral over shifts is considered, and we use gradient-based methods with a better initial guess. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution, which are local search methods. Maybe combining them with global search strategies, or using more sophisticated local optimization.

Another angle: the problem is highly non-convex, so local minima are common. The initial guess might be stuck in a local minimum. So trying different starting points could help. The previous code tried various types of functions (pulses, sawtooth, triangles), which is a good idea.

But maybe instead of generating random starts, I can use a more structured approach. For example, generating functions with specific periodicity. Let's think about dividing the interval [0,2] into equal segments and setting h to 1 in some subset. For example, if we have a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, the overlap would depend on the shifts. But how to choose those intervals?

This seems like a combinatorial optimization problem. However, with more than 1k samples, the problem is too big. The previous code uses n_points up to 45, but maybe with a better algorithm and more efficient optimization, we can get better results.

Wait, the user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So perhaps using a lower number of points (like 45) is better. The initial code uses 45 samples. Maybe the problem is that the initial guess isn't optimal. Let me think about how to generate a better initial guess.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is the maximum over shifts, perhaps the optimal h is such that each shift k causes the same overlap. If that's the case, then the function is designed to be symmetric in some way. For example, a function that is a periodic sequence of 1s and 0s with certain spacing.

But how to model that? Let me think of a function that is 1 on intervals of length L, then 0 for the same length, etc. The exact pattern would depend on the shifts. For example, if the function is made of blocks that are spaced out such that shifting by certain distances causes minimal overlap.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal h is a piecewise constant function with a specific structure. For example, using a periodic function with a certain period. However, the exact construction is unclear.

Another approach is to use the previous initial h_values and try to refine it further with more sophisticated optimization. For example, using a combination of different optimization methods, adjusting the parameters of the optimization algorithms, or using more advanced techniques like Bayesian optimization.

But the problem is that the previous code uses the initial_h_values and tries different guesses. Maybe the initial guess can be improved by using a better structure. For example, using a more optimal initial guess generated by some method, like Fourier analysis or other mathematical techniques.

Alternatively, perhaps we can use the fact that the optimal function might have a certain symmetry. For example, if the function is symmetric around 1.0, then shifting it by certain amounts would lead to overlapping regions. But I'm not sure how to exploit this.

Wait, the current target is 0.380876. The previous code's best was 0.381142, which is very close. Maybe there's a way to get it even lower. Let's think about improving the optimization process.

In the previous code, there was a loop over different guesses and optimization steps. Maybe the number of iterations or the choice of optimization methods could be adjusted. For example, using more accurate optimization methods with better convergence, or a more efficient exploration of the search space.

Also, the use of differential evolution might be better for global optimization. However, the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe combining them with more iterations, better parameters, or more refined steps.

Alternatively, perhaps using a gradient-based method with a better initial guess. For example, if we can find a better initial guess than the initial_h_values, the optimization could be more effective.

Another thing to consider is that the evaluation of the overlap integral is expensive. The previous code uses np.correlate, which is efficient. So the main challenge is the optimization process.

So, perhaps the key improvements could be:

1. Using a better initial guess than the initial_h_values. Maybe generating a better starting point by considering some mathematical structure.
2. Using more efficient optimization algorithms or adjusting their parameters to converge to better solutions.
3. Combining different optimization methods in an intelligent way, such as using differential evolution for global search followed by SLSQP for local refinement.
4. Implementing more efficient search strategies, like reducing the number of samples while maintaining the same structure.

But how to generate a better initial guess? The previous code generated various waves and random functions. Maybe generating more structured functions could help. For example, using a combination of multiple pulses with different frequencies and duty cycles.

Alternatively, maybe using a function that is designed to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, a function that is 1 in intervals that are spaced apart in such a way that their shifts don't overlap much. For instance, if the function has pulses spaced at distances that are not multiples of each other, leading to minimal overlap.

But how to implement this? Let's think of the interval [0,2]. Suppose we divide it into m intervals, and set h to 1 in certain intervals. The choice of which intervals to choose would affect the overlap. However, this is a combinatorial problem, which is too complex for large m. But for small m, like 3 or 4, it's manageable.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal function is a combination of a few pulses. For example, three or four pulses spaced out evenly. But how to find such a configuration?

Let me think about the problem again. Suppose h is a step function with a few 1s and 0s. The integral of h(x) must be 1 over [0,2], so the total area of the 1s must be 1. If the function is made up of several intervals where h is 1, each of length l_i, then the sum of l_i must be 1. Since the total length is 2, the average length of each interval is 1/2. Wait, but the total area is 1, so the sum of the lengths of the 1 intervals is 1. For example, if there are m intervals, each of length 1/m, then the sum is m*(1/m) = 1.

But for the overlap integral, when we shift the function by k, the overlap would be the sum over all intervals where h(x) is 1 and h(x+k) is 0. This depends on the distance between the intervals and their shifts. 

But designing such a function with minimal maximum overlap might require some mathematical approach. For example, choosing intervals that are spread out in a way that overlapping with their shifted versions is minimized.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to model. However, perhaps the optimal function is more continuous than the previous initial guess, leading to lower overlap.

Another idea is to use a function that is based on Fourier series. Since the overlap is related to the maximum of the convolution, maybe the optimal function has certain properties in the frequency domain. However, I'm not sure how to apply this directly.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a mathematical optimization problem where the function h is represented by its samples, and we can use gradient-based optimization. But the function is non-convex, so this requires careful handling.

Let me return to the code structure. The previous code uses multiple guesses, and for each, runs SLSQP and differential evolution. The key might be to find a better initial guess that is more promising, so that the optimization can converge to a better solution.

So, perhaps modifying the initial guesses to include more structured functions. For example, instead of random guesses, generate functions that are designed to spread out the 1s over the interval, leading to lower overlap.

Another approach is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach which is adaptive and focuses on promising areas of the search space. However, implementing this would be more complex and might require more computational resources.

But given the time budget, maybe the best approach is to refine the existing code by adjusting the number of iterations, the choice of initial guesses, and optimizing the parameters of the optimization algorithms.

Let me think about how to adjust the code. For example, increasing the number of guesses generated from different structures, or adjusting the number of iterations for differential evolution and SLSQP. Also, improving the initial h_values.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given, so maybe using that as a starting point is better than generating random guesses. However, the previous code tried to generate other guesses. But perhaps focusing on refining the initial_h_values with a better optimization strategy could lead to a better result.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of samples (like 45), maybe using a different number of samples. But the problem states that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The initial code uses 45 samples. Perhaps with more samples, the function can be more detailed, but with a larger n_points, the computation time increases. However, the previous code may have used 45 samples. So maybe that's optimal for the time budget.

Alternatively, combining the initial guess with more refined optimization steps. For example, using a combination of differential evolution for global search followed by SLSQP for local optimization, and doing multiple rounds of refinement.

But the previous code already does some of this. However, maybe the parameters could be adjusted for better convergence.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is run for 5 iterations, and then a refinement step with SLSQP. But perhaps increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the mutation parameters could help.

Another thing to consider is the objective function. The previous code computes the maximum value of the correlation, which is correct. But perhaps the way the correlation is calculated is the same as the integral. Wait, the correlation is computed as np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full'), then multiplied by dx. However, the mode 'full' returns the convolution, which includes all possible shifts. But for the integration over [0,2], the shift k would need to be within certain ranges. Wait, the original integral is over [0,2], and the shift k would be such that x and x + k are within [0,2]. But the correlation might be over a larger range. Therefore, perhaps the code needs to ensure that the maximum is taken over the appropriate shifts.

But in the original problem, the overlap integral for a given k is the integral from x=0 to x=2 -k of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. Therefore, the value of the integral depends on the value of k. The code computes the full correlation, which includes all possible shifts. However, the maximum might be over a range of k's. So perhaps the code needs to compute the correlation for shifts that are in the range where the integral is defined.

But the current code uses the maximum over the correlation, which includes all possible shifts. However, for k values that are not within [0, 2], the integral would be zero. But when the code computes the correlation with mode 'full', it may include shifts beyond the valid range. Therefore, the code is correct in taking the maximum of the correlation, which includes the valid shifts and ignores the invalid ones, since they contribute zero.

But perhaps the code is correct in the way it computes the maximum. Therefore, the current implementation of the objective function is correct.

Another possible optimization is to precompute the indices corresponding to the valid shifts and then take the maximum over those. However, this might complicate the code, and given the time constraints, it's better to proceed with the existing approach.

Now, considering the code structure, perhaps the key is to use the initial_h_values as a starting point and refine it further. The previous code tried multiple guesses but might not have explored enough possibilities. Maybe focusing on the initial guess and applying more aggressive optimization.

Let me think about the constraints. The sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. The previous code uses a constraint in the optimization formulation. That's handled correctly.

Another idea: using more sophisticated optimization parameters. For example, in the SLSQP method, adjusting the options like 'ftol' (function tolerance) and 'maxiter' can affect the convergence and the final result. The previous code uses 'ftol' of 1e-11, which is very strict. Maybe a slightly higher 'ftol' would allow the algorithm to converge faster and find a better solution.

Also, the code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe adjusting the parameters for differential evolution, such as the mutation range and recombination rate, could lead to better exploration of the search space.

Another possible improvement is to generate more varied initial guesses. For example, in addition to the existing functions, generate more complex structures or use a Latin hypercube sampling for the initial points. However, generating these guesses might be computationally expensive, but since the code is allowed to run for up to 100 seconds, it might be feasible.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where the code first runs differential evolution for a certain number of iterations, then switches to a local optimization method like SLSQP with a more refined step.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation time. The code computes the correlation for each candidate solution, which is O(n^2) in time. However, for 45 samples, it's manageable. But the main time spent is on the optimization steps. Therefore, reducing the number of function evaluations or improving the optimization algorithm's efficiency is crucial.

In the previous code, the differential evolution runs for 100 iterations with a population of 120. Maybe reducing the population size or the number of iterations could save time, allowing for more iterations in later steps.

Another idea: using the initial_h_values as the main guess and trying to refine it with more iterations of the optimization. Also, using a different optimization method, such as using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradient information and might be more effective for certain problems.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method. If the problem is smooth enough, it might work well. However, if there are many local minima, it's better to have a global search.

Another approach is to use a more efficient global optimization method, such as genetic algorithms, but they might be slower. Given the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Putting it all together, the previous code already uses a combination of methods. To improve it further, perhaps:

1. Use a better initial guess. For example, generate more structured functions, like a combination of multiple periodic functions or specific patterns.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms to allow better convergence.
3. Use more iterations in the refinement steps.
4. Focus on refining the initial guess instead of generating random guesses.

Given that the initial code uses the initial_h_values, which is a given starting point, maybe refining that initial guess could be more effective than generating a new set of guesses each time.

So, perhaps modifying the code to focus on refining the initial_h_values with more aggressive optimization steps. For example, using a larger number of iterations in the SLSQP refinement, or using a different initial guess that is closer to the optimal.

Alternatively, using a combination of the initial guess and some random perturbations to escape local minima.

In addition, the code could benefit from using a more efficient way to explore the search space. For instance, starting with a few different initial guesses and then refining them.

But how to generate these initial guesses? The previous code generates functions like pulses, sawtooth, and triangles with different parameters. Maybe generating more such functions with different parameters could lead to better initial guesses.

Another possible improvement: increasing the number of generated guesses for the initial setup. For example, generating more different types of functions and combining them.

However, this would take more time and computational resources. The user emphasizes that the code needs to run within 100 seconds, so the number of guesses must be limited.

Given that, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the existing code's optimization parameters, increase the number of refinement steps, and focus on refining the initial guess.

So, modifying the code to:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Rename it to be the primary initial guess.
- Perform multiple rounds of optimization, each time refining the solution with SLSQP and differential evolution.
- Adjust the number of iterations in each step.
- Use more aggressive parameters in the optimization to reach a better minimum.

Another thing to consider: the function obj is the maximum of the correlation, which is non-smooth. This can cause issues with gradient-based methods. Hence, using a derivative-free optimization method like differential evolution might be better in some cases.

In the previous code, differential evolution is used for global search, followed by SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution could help. For example, increasing the maxiter from 100 to 200, or the population size.

Alternatively, combining multiple optimization methods in a more sophisticated way.

So, in summary, the plan is to improve the existing code by:

1. Focusing more on the initial guess (initial_h_values) and refining it with more thorough optimization.
2. Adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods to allow better convergence.
3. Increasing the number of refinement steps.
4. Generating more structured initial guesses that are more likely to lead to a good solution.

Now, to implement this in code, I'll modify the previous code:

- Make the initial guess the starting point.
- Generate additional guesses based on different structures (like pulses, triangles, etc.) but in a more structured way.
- Refine the solution through multiple iterations of differential evolution and SLSQP.
- Adjust the optimization parameters to improve convergence.
- Implement more steps of refinement.
- Track time properly to ensure that the code finishes before the budget is up.

I'll also need to ensure that the code is concise and fits the required line and character limits.

The final code will likely involve adjusting the number of guesses, increasing the number of optimization iterations, and refining the solution with more steps. Also, using more efficient parameters for the optimization methods.

Another thing to consider is that the initial_h_values might be a good starting point. So, perhaps in the code, the initial guess is the initial_h_values, and then we generate additional guesses based on that, perhaps through scaling or modulating the initial function.

Alternatively, generate a few structured functions based on the initial_h_values.

But given the time constraints, the code needs to be as efficient as possible. Hence, focusing on optimizing the existing code structure while adjusting parameters and increasing the number of refinement steps.

In the end, the code will be similar to the previous one but with more aggressive optimization steps and adjusted parameters to find a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 12):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(4, duty))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=120, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.4, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(30):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```