<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is around 0.38085, and the goal is to get even lower, like 0.380876. The previous code used a local optimization approach with perturbations and SLSQP, but maybe there's room for improvement.

First, I should understand the problem better. The function h is a step function on [0,2] with integral 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize this maximum value, which is C₅.

The previous code used 70 points, which is a reasonable number. But maybe increasing the number of points could help, but it would take more time. However, the time budget is 1100 seconds, so I need to balance between the number of points and the optimization steps.

Looking at the previous approach, it's a local optimization with perturbation around an initial guess. The problem with that is it might get stuck in local minima. So, maybe using multiple initial points or different perturbation strategies could help escape local optima.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed perturbation with a normal distribution. Maybe varying the perturbation scales and directions over time could lead to better exploration. Also, using different optimization methods or combining them could be beneficial. For example, using a genetic algorithm for global search and then local optimization for refinement.

But considering the time constraints, maybe a better approach is to use a more efficient local search with better exploration. Perhaps using a different optimization method like COBYLA, which handles bounds and constraints well, or using a population-based approach with simulated annealing.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. If I can generate multiple initial points with different structures, maybe that would help. For example, starting with the initial_h_values, then some other structured initializations like block patterns or random points with different distributions.

Also, the constraints are that the sum of h is fixed. The previous code uses a constraint to enforce that. Maybe tightening the constraints or handling them more effectively could help.

Another thing: the evaluation is based on the correlation. The maximum correlation value is being minimized. So, maybe there's a way to structure h such that the overlap is minimized for all shifts. Perhaps using a more regular structure, like periodic or symmetric patterns.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a known good starting point. The user mentioned that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So maybe I should start with that and then perturb it in different ways.

But how to perturb? The previous code used a normal distribution with a scaling factor that decreases over iterations. Maybe instead of using a fixed perturbation scale, using a more adaptive approach, like varying the perturbation magnitude based on the iteration steps or the current solution's quality.

Another idea: instead of perturbing around the current best solution each time, maybe generate a set of diverse initial points. For example, using different random seeds or different patterns. But with the time budget, generating too many points might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a combination of local optimization and global search steps. For example, doing a few global searches with different initializations and then refining the best ones with local optimization.

But implementing a global search might be computationally expensive. Given the time, maybe focusing on improving the local optimization steps by using better perturbations and more efficient optimization methods.

Another consideration: the maximum correlation is being computed as the maximum over all k. That's a bit computationally intensive, but since the code uses numpy's correlate function, which is optimized, maybe that's manageable.

Wait, the previous code uses 'mode="full"', which returns the full cross-correlation. However, for the overlap integral, perhaps only certain shifts k are relevant. For example, shifts that result in overlapping regions. But maybe the code is correctly evaluating all possible shifts, which is necessary.

So, the challenge is to find a h that spreads out the 1's and 0's in such a way that when you shift, the overlap is minimized. Maybe a good strategy is to create h that has a high level of regularity but with some variations to avoid maxima.

Another approach is to use a structured pattern. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 1 or 0 in a way that when shifted, overlaps are minimized. But designing such a pattern might be non-trivial.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is over [0,2], perhaps the optimal h is a function that is 1 for a certain fraction of the interval and 0 otherwise, but arranged to minimize the overlap. However, since h must have integral 1, the total length of the 1's is 1, so maybe a single interval of length 1, but that would lead to high overlap for shifts around the interval. So perhaps a more complex pattern with multiple intervals.

Wait, the problem is similar to a covering problem, where we want to place intervals (where h=1) such that their shifted versions overlap as little as possible. However, with the integral constraint, we can't have too many overlapping intervals.

An alternative idea: using a periodic function. For example, if the h function is periodic with certain period, maybe the overlaps can be minimized. But since the domain is [0,2], the period needs to be chosen carefully.

But I'm not sure how to translate this into a practical algorithm. Maybe trying different structured patterns as starting points.

Another thing: the number of points (n_points) in the code is set to 70. The previous code uses 70 points, which is manageable. Maybe trying a larger n_points could lead to better results, but would require more computation. For example, with n_points = 100, the sum would be 50, but the time per iteration might be higher. However, with 1100 seconds, maybe it's feasible if the number of iterations is reduced.

But the user prefers smaller sequences with less than 1k samples, so 70 is acceptable.

So, to improve the previous code, maybe the following steps:

1. Use multiple initial points with different structures to avoid local minima.
2. Improve the perturbation strategy by varying the scale and type of perturbation.
3. Use a more efficient optimization method that can handle the constraints better.
4. Implement a more systematic exploration of the solution space, such as using a population-based approach or simulated annealing.

But given the time constraints, perhaps focusing on improving the local optimization steps with better perturbations and more diverse initializations.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values is used, and then perturbations are added with a normal distribution. Maybe instead of using a single initial guess, generating multiple initial guesses with different patterns (like different random seeds, or some structured patterns) could help.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of iterations, use a decreasing perturbation scale over time, starting with larger perturbations to explore the space and then smaller ones to refine the solution.

Also, perhaps using different optimization algorithms. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is suitable for bounded variables, or 'COBYLA' which handles bounds and constraints. The previous code used 'SLSQP', which is good, but perhaps switching to another method could yield better results.

Additionally, handling the constraints more effectively. The previous code uses a constraint to ensure the sum of h is 35 (since n_points = 70, 70/2 = 35). However, when perturbing, the code scales the perturbed h to maintain the constraint, which is correct.

Another thing to consider: the objective function is the maximum correlation. To minimize this maximum, perhaps using a more robust optimization method that can handle the non-smooth nature of the max function. However, the current approach uses the max of the correlation, which is a differentiable function except at certain points, so SLSQP should handle it.

So, possible improvements to the code:

- Generate multiple initial points using different strategies (e.g., the initial_h_values, random perturbations, structured patterns like blocks).
- Use different perturbation scales for each iteration.
- Use different optimization methods or combine them.
- Increase the number of iterations or the number of starting points to explore more of the solution space.

But how to implement this within the time budget? Let's think about the previous code's structure. The code runs for a fixed number of iterations (max_iterations=200), with each iteration perturbing the current best guess and running a local optimization.

To enhance this, perhaps instead of a fixed number of iterations, use a time-based approach, where the code runs until the time budget is exhausted. Also, generating multiple initial points with different perturbations.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the current best guess, generate a set of diverse initial points and optimize each. For example, starting with the initial_h_values, a random permutation of it, a random binary pattern (with the correct sum), etc.

But generating all these initial points might take time, but if the number is small, it's manageable.

Alternatively, during each iteration, generate a new starting point by using different perturbation strategies, such as random noise, swapping values, or other transformations.

So, modifying the code to use more varied initializations and perturbations.

Also, perhaps the previous code uses a fixed perturbation scale that decreases over time, which might be effective. However, maybe using a different scaling factor, such as decreasing the perturbation magnitude exponentially.

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization method. For example, trying 'L-BFGS-B' which can handle bounds more efficiently, or 'Nelder-Mead' for derivative-free optimization. However, the previous code used 'SLSQP' which is suitable for the problem's constraints.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: first using a global search method and then local optimization. But without implementing a global search, this might not be straightforward.

So, the plan is to modify the previous code to:

- Use multiple starting points (not just the initial best) to diversify the exploration.
- Apply different perturbations (e.g., different scales, different patterns) during each iteration.
- Use a more varied optimization method or adjust the optimization parameters.
- Monitor the time and stop early if the best solution is found.

Let's outline the steps in code:

1. Define initial_h_values if available, otherwise use a uniform distribution.
2. Generate multiple initial points with different perturbations or patterns.
3. For each initial point, perform local optimization with different methods or parameters.
4. Track the best solution found so far.
5. Continue until time is exhausted or a stopping criterion is met.

But how to implement this within the code?

In the previous code, the loop runs for max_iterations=200. Maybe increasing this to a larger number, but with time constraints. The code also uses a perturbation that decreases over time.

Another thing: the previous code uses a normal distribution with a scale that decreases as iteration progresses. Maybe using a different distribution, like a uniform distribution with varying scales, or adding a random walk.

Alternatively, during each iteration, generate a new starting point by randomly permuting the current solution or applying a certain transformation.

But given the time, the code needs to be efficient. So, perhaps modifying the perturbation strategy to have multiple scales and directions.

Another thing: the current code's object function is the max correlation. To make the optimization more effective, perhaps try to minimize this value by considering the entire correlation array, not just the maximum. But the problem requires minimizing the maximum, so the objective function must be the maximum of the correlations.

Alternatively, using a different objective function that encourages lower maximums, but the current approach seems correct.

Another point: the evaluation uses the full correlation, but for the problem, perhaps only certain shifts are critical. For example, shifts that are within a certain range. However, the problem requires considering all possible k, so the code is correct.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to compute the correlation. The current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient, so that's fine.

Now, to code this into the previous approach, here's a possible modification:

- Increase the number of iterations to explore more.
- Use different perturbation strategies each iteration (e.g., different scales of noise).
- Use different optimization methods or adjust tolerances.
- Use a more systematic way of generating initial points, possibly with multiple starting points.

But how to code this without making the code too long?

Perhaps the previous code's structure is already a good start. So, modifying the perturbation strategy and the optimization method.

Let me think about possible code changes.

In the previous code, the perturbation is added as a normal distribution, scaled by 0.05 * (1 - iteration / max_iterations). Maybe adjusting the scaling factor or using different types of perturbations, like uniform noise, or adding a random walk.

Alternatively, during each iteration, generate multiple perturbations with different scales and choose the best one.

Another thing: the code uses a fixed number of iterations. Perhaps replacing that with a time-based loop, where the loop continues until the remaining time is exhausted.

But the previous code has a start_time variable and checks if time exceeds budget_s. So that's handled.

Also, in the previous code, the perturbation is applied to the initial_h_values, which is updated each time. Maybe using a different starting point each time, such as using the previous best solution, a random permutation, etc.

Wait, the current code starts with initial_h_values, then perturbs it each time. But if we can generate multiple starting points, perhaps we can find a better solution.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the current initial_h_values, generate a new starting point each iteration by adding a random perturbation with a certain scale, and then optimizing from there. Also, using different perturbation scales for different iterations.

For example, in the first few iterations, use larger perturbations to explore the space, then smaller ones to refine the solution.

In the previous code, the perturbation scale is 0.05 * (1 - iteration / max_iterations), which decreases over time. Maybe that's effective, but perhaps adjusting the scaling factor or using a different decay schedule.

Another possible change: instead of using a normal distribution, use a uniform distribution for perturbations. Or mix different distributions.

In terms of optimization methods, the previous code uses 'SLSQP' with certain tolerances. Maybe trying another method like 'COBYLA' or 'L-BFGS-B' could help.

But since the constraints are bounds and equality, 'SLSQP' is suitable. Alternatively, using the 'trust-constr' method might be better, but it requires more setup.

However, with the time constraints, perhaps sticking with 'SLSQP' but adjusting parameters.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient way to compute the objective. For example, precomputing the 1-h_vec and reusing it in the correlation calculation. The current code computes 1 - h_vec each time. But since the optimization is done in each iteration, it's manageable.

Another idea: the current code uses the 'full' mode for correlation, which returns a larger array. But perhaps the relevant shifts are only those that result in overlapping regions. For example, shifts between -1 and 1. But for the integral over x, the shifts would be from -2 to 2, but the overlap integrals would be zero for shifts larger than 2, but since the interval is [0,2], the correlation for shifts larger than 2 would be zero. However, the code computes all possible shifts, which could be computationally heavy.

But with the given code, the correlation is computed correctly, so that's not an issue.

In terms of the constraints, the previous code ensures that the sum is 35. The perturbed h is scaled to maintain the sum. That's correct.

So, what can be modified?

Let me think of possible changes:

1. Increase the number of iterations and vary the perturbation scale more.

2. Use different optimization methods, perhaps combining SLSQP with other methods.

3. Generate multiple initial points with different structures.

But given the code's structure, how to implement these changes?

Let me think. The previous code starts with initial_h_values and then perturbs it. To generate multiple initial points, perhaps using a different approach. For example, in addition to the initial_h_values, generate a few other starting points, such as:

- A random permutation of the initial_h_values.
- A binary pattern with the correct sum.
- A random vector with the correct sum.

But generating these vectors and optimizing them could be added as different starting points.

Alternatively, during each iteration, generate a new starting point by adding different types of perturbations.

But with the time constraint, it's better to have a more efficient approach.

Another idea: instead of using a single perturbation each time, use multiple perturbations (e.g., different scales) and choose the best one. Or use a different strategy for generating the perturbations.

For example, in each iteration, generate two different perturbations (e.g., with different scales), optimize each, and choose the better one.

But this could double the computation time, but perhaps it's manageable.

Alternatively, use a different perturbation strategy, such as adding a random permutation or swapping elements.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, use a more sophisticated random walk, such as varying the perturbation scale based on the current solution's diversity.

Another thing: the initial code uses the same initial_h_values for all iterations, but after some perturbations, it's possible that the best solution is not found. So, maybe starting with multiple initial points is better.

But given the time, perhaps the best way is to modify the perturbation scale and the optimization parameters.

So, modifying the perturbation to have larger initial steps and smaller steps over time. For example, making the initial perturbation scale larger.

Alternatively, using a different formula for the perturbation scale. For example, decreasing exponentially.

Also, increasing the number of iterations to explore more.

But the previous code has a fixed max_iterations of 200. If I increase that to 500 or so, but within the time budget, it might help.

Another possible change: switching the optimization method to 'L-BFGS-B', which is a bounded optimization method that might converge faster.

Also, adjusting the tolerance parameters, such as ftol and xtol, to get a better solution.

Another idea: using a different constraint handling. For example, enforcing the sum constraint more strictly.

Putting this all together, here's how the code could be improved:

- Increase the number of iterations to allow more exploration.
- Use a different perturbation strategy that varies the scale over time.
- Use a different optimization method (e.g., 'L-BFGS-B').
- Adjust the tolerance parameters for finer convergence.
- Track the best solution and update it even if the current optimization fails.

But I need to code this into the Python function.

Let me try to outline the changes:

In the previous code:

perturbation = np.random.normal(0, 0.05 * (1 - iteration / max_iterations), n_points)

This scales the perturbation with decreasing magnitude over time. Maybe increasing the initial perturbation scale and decreasing it more rapidly.

For example, initial perturbation could be larger, say 0.1 instead of 0.05.

Also, perhaps using a different optimization method. Let's try using the 'L-BFGS-B' method instead of 'SLSQP'.

Wait, 'L-BFGS-B' handles bounds, so it's suitable. However, the constraint is an equality constraint. So the constraints are the same.

So, modifying the code to use 'L-BFGS-B' method.

But I'm not sure if the 'L-BFGS-B' can handle equality constraints. The 'SLSQP' method is better for both equality and inequality constraints. So maybe sticking with 'SLSQP' but adjusting parameters.

Another thing: in the previous code, after each iteration, the initial_h_values is updated to the result.x. This could help in gradually moving towards the optimal solution. But if the perturbations are large and the optimization is not successful, it might not help. So generating multiple initial points could be better.

Alternatively, using a population of points, but that might be too computationally intensive.

Given the time, perhaps the best way is to try different optimization methods and perturbation strategies.

Another possible change: adding a different type of perturbation, such as a uniform random perturbation or a combination of normal and uniform.

But for now, let's try modifying the previous code to use a different perturbation scale, increase the number of iterations, and use a different optimization method.

Here's how the code could be modified:

- Change the perturbation scale to be larger initially.
- Change the optimization method to 'L-BFGS-B' or 'COBYLA'.
- Increase max_iterations.
- Use tighter tolerances.

But I need to code this.

So, in the code:

- Change the perturbation from normal to uniform, or vary the scale.

Alternatively, use a larger initial perturbation, say 0.1, and decrease it over time.

Another possible change: in the perturbation, use 0.1 * (1 - iteration / max_iterations) instead of 0.05. This would allow larger initial perturbations.

But how to test this?

Also, the previous code uses 70 points. Maybe trying a different n_points. But the user prefers smaller sequences. So 70 is acceptable.

So, here's the plan for the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values if available, else uniform.
2. In each iteration:
   a. Generate a perturbation with larger scale initially, decreasing over time.
   b. Apply the perturbation to the current initial_h_values.
   c. Optimize using SLSQP with tighter tolerances.
3. Increase max_iterations to allow more exploration.
4. Use different optimization parameters, such as lower ftol to achieve better convergence.

So, modifying the previous code's parameters.

Another thing: in the previous code, the 'ftol' is set to 1e-9. Maybe increasing it to 1e-8 or similar to allow more iterations to proceed, but this is a trade-off.

Putting this together, here's the modified code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize, Bounds
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    if 'initial_h_values' in globals() and len(initial_h_values) == 70:
        h_initial = initial_h_values.copy()
    else:
        h_initial = np.full(70, 0.5)
    np.random.seed(seed)
    
    n_points = 70
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    best_h = h_initial
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    max_iterations = 300
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def objective(h_vec):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vec, 1 - h_vec, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    bounds = Bounds([0.0]*n_points, [1.0]*n_points)
    constraints = [{'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda x: np.sum(x) - 35}]
    
    for iteration in range(max_iterations):
        # Vary perturbation magnitude
        pert_scale = 0.1 * (1 - iteration / max_iterations)
        perturbation = np.random.normal(0, pert_scale, n_points)
        h_perturbed = h_initial + perturbation
        h_perturbed = np.clip(h_perturbed, 0.0, 1.0)
        h_perturbed = h_perturbed * (35.0 / np.sum(h_perturbed))
        
        result = minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=h_perturbed,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=constraints,
            tol=1e-7,
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'gtol': 1e-9}
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
            h_initial = result.x
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```