<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than that, like 0.380876. The previous code used an optimization approach with SLSQP, but maybe that's getting stuck in local minima. The user's strategy suggests using a structured pattern, like binary sequences with low auto-correlation. 

Wait, the initial approach was using a starting point provided in initial_h_values, which might be a specific pattern. Maybe I can generate a new pattern based on known sequences. For example, Barker codes or Gold codes. But Barker codes are short, and maybe not suitable for n=95. Alternatively, using a random binary sequence with good properties.

But how to create a step function that has low overlap. The key is to design h(x) such that when shifted, the product h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) is minimized. Since the integral over x of this product is the overlap, we need to minimize the maximum of these integrals over all k.

So, if I can construct h(x) with a structure that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. One approach is to have h(x) be a periodic function with certain properties. But since the domain is [0, 2], perhaps partitioning it into intervals where h is 0 or 1, but arranged in a way that overlapping with shifts doesn't cause high overlaps.

Alternatively, using a binary sequence with low cross-correlation. For example, a sequence where each element is 1 or 0, but arranged so that the cross-correlation is low. But since the integral is 1, the total area is 1, so the number of 1s would be n_points / 2. For 95 points, 47.5, which is a bit of a problem since you can't have half a point. So maybe using a binary sequence with some 1s and 0s, and adjusting with some fractional values?

Wait, the initial_h_values are given, which might be a starting point. Maybe I should use that as a base, but then improve it. However, the previous code tried optimizing from that initial point but didn't achieve the target. So maybe another approach is needed.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP, maybe use a different optimization method, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing. But those are computationally heavy, especially with 95 points. However, given the time budget of 1100 seconds, maybe a more efficient method is better.

Alternatively, leveraging symmetry. For example, if the function h(x) is symmetric around 1, or has certain periodicity. Or divide the interval [0,2] into equal parts and alternate 0s and 1s in a way that minimizes overlap. For example, using a binary sequence with alternating 0s and 1s, but adjusted to meet the area constraint.

But how to translate that into a step function. Let's think. For instance, if we have a binary sequence where h(x) is 1 for some intervals and 0 for others. Suppose we have equal length intervals of 1 and 0, but since the total area needs to be 1, the number of 1s and 0s would have to be balanced. But for n_points, which is 95, the sum should be 47.5. So maybe using a binary sequence with 47 zeros and 48 ones, and then adjusting some values to get the sum right.

Wait, but the initial_h_values might have already a certain structure. Maybe the previous code's result was 0.382846, which is higher than the target. So the goal is to find a better structure.

Another idea: using a sequence with low cross-correlation. For example, the m-sequence (maximal-length sequence) from linear feedback shift registers. These sequences have good auto-correlation properties. But how to generate such a sequence for n_points=95?

Alternatively, use a random binary sequence and adjust it. But then how to ensure that the cross-correlations are minimized. However, generating such sequences randomly would be time-consuming, but with the budget of 1100 seconds, maybe a few attempts can be made.

But perhaps the optimal approach is to generate a binary sequence with 47.5 ones, which can be done by having 47 zeros and 48 ones, and then adjusting the positions to minimize the max overlap. However, how to find such positions?

Alternatively, maybe using a structured pattern like a Barker sequence. Barker codes have the property that their autocorrelation is minimal (except for the zero lag). For example, the Barker code of length 11 is [1, -1, 1, -1, 1, -1, 1, -1, 1, -1, 1], but for even lengths, maybe some variation. However, the length here is 95, which is not a Barker code length. So maybe using a modified version or another type of sequence.

Alternatively, construct a sequence where the number of 1s and 0s is balanced and arranged to minimize overlap. For instance, distributing the 1s evenly in the interval [0,2], but in a way that when shifted, the overlapping regions are minimized.

But how to translate this into code? Maybe start with a uniform distribution and then adjust based on some criteria. However, without a clear algorithm, this might not be straightforward.

Wait, the problem allows for using other starting points. The previous code used the initial_h_values, which might not be the best. Maybe generating a new initial starting point with a better structure.

Alternatively, consider using a binary sequence with low autocorrelation. For example, the binary sequence where h[i] is 0.5 + 0.5 * cos(2πk i / N) for some k. But this would be a continuous function, not a step function. However, discretizing it into steps might help.

Alternatively, use a pulse-shaping function, like a sinc function, but again, discretizing it into steps.

But perhaps the key is to find a binary sequence that when used as h(x) (with values 0 or 1), the cross-correlation is minimized. For instance, using a sequence where the number of 1s is approximately half, and the cross-correlation for all shifts is low.

But how to generate such a sequence efficiently. Maybe using a greedy algorithm where we place 1s in positions that minimize the overlap with their shifted versions. But for 95 points, this would be computationally expensive.

Another approach: since the previous code used a local optimization method and didn't achieve the target, maybe we can try a different optimization method. For example, using a gradient-based method with better convergence properties, or using a more efficient optimization routine. Or perhaps using a different way to compute the objective function.

Wait, the previous code used scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe changing the optimization method or adjusting parameters could help. For instance, using a different method like COBYLA or trust-constrained. Or increasing the number of iterations, but that might take more time.

Alternatively, use a random restart approach: start from different initial points and choose the best result. But with the time budget, this might be feasible.

Alternatively, use a simulated annealing approach. But again, this requires careful implementation.

But considering the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to generate a structured pattern based on known good sequences and then optimize from that. For example, take a binary sequence with low autocorrelation, convert it to a step function, and adjust for the integral constraint.

Here's a possible plan:

1. Generate a binary sequence (0s and 1s) with length 95, sum 47.5. Since we can't have half, perhaps take a sequence with 47 zeros and 48 ones, but arrange them in a way that the autocorrelation is minimized.

2. Use a known low autocorrelation sequence. For example, a de Bruijn sequence, or some other structured sequence. However, generating such sequences might be non-trivial.

3. Once the sequence is generated, convert it into a step function, then normalize it to meet the integral constraint. Wait, the integral is already satisfied by the count of 1s and 0s. Since the sum is 47.5, the average value is 0.5. But in a binary sequence, each element is 0 or 1, so the sum is exactly 47.5. But for n=95, 47.5 requires that the number of 1s is 48 and 0s is 47. Wait, 48*1 + 47*0 = 48. So that's not 47.5. Oh, wait, the sum of h must be 47.5. So the initial_h_values must have sum 47.5. Therefore, maybe use a binary sequence with some fractional values. But the problem allows h(x) to be in [0,1], so we can have values between 0 and 1. Perhaps using a ternary approach where some values are 0, some are 1, and others are 0.5. But that might complicate things.

Alternatively, take a binary sequence and adjust some elements to be 0.5 to make the total sum 47.5. For example, if the initial binary sequence has sum 48, then replace one 1 with a 0.5 to make the sum 48 - 0.5 = 47.5. That way, the integral constraint is satisfied.

So, the steps could be:

- Generate a binary sequence of length 95 with 48 ones and 47 zeros, sum 48. Then, replace one of the ones with a 0.5 to get sum 47.5.

Then, compute the cross-correlation of this sequence with 1 - h. Then, adjust the sequence to minimize the maximum cross-correlation.

But how to generate such a binary sequence with low cross-correlation. Maybe using a Golay sequence or similar. However, for length 95, which is not a power of two, maybe not. Alternatively, use a random binary sequence and then optimize it.

Alternatively, use a greedy approach to place the 1s in positions that minimize the maximum overlap. But this might be complex.

Alternatively, take the initial_h_values provided and try to improve upon it. But the initial code's result was higher than the target. So maybe tweak the initial_h_values.

But since the previous code tried to optimize from the initial_h_values and didn't improve, perhaps using a different starting point would be better.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values and then add a small perturbation to it, then optimize. But again, not sure.

Alternatively, use a different optimization approach. For example, instead of SLSQP, use a genetic algorithm. However, given the time budget, it's possible.

But implementing a genetic algorithm might be complicated. Alternatively, using a local optimization method with a better initial guess.

Wait, the previous code had a value of C₅ = 0.382846. The target is 0.380876, so we need to reduce that by about 0.002. How to achieve that?

Maybe the key is to use a more structured pattern. Let's think about the cross-correlation. The cross-correlation of h and 1 - h is the same as the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum of this over all k.

So, for each shift k, the overlap integral is the sum over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) * dx. To minimize the maximum of these for all k.

If h(x) is designed such that for any shift k, the overlap is as small as possible. One way to do that is to have h(x) be a binary sequence with low cross-correlation. For example, if h(x) is a binary sequence with 1s and 0s arranged so that when shifted, the number of overlapping 1s and 0s is minimized.

But for a binary sequence, the cross-correlation would be the number of positions where h(x) and h(x + k) are both 1, or both 0. Wait, no, 1 - h(x) would be 0 when h(x) is 1, and 1 when h(x) is 0. So the product h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) would be 1 when h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. So the sum over x would count the number of positions where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0, multiplied by dx. 

So the overlap integral for a shift k is the number of positions where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0, multiplied by dx. To minimize the maximum of these over all k.

So, the problem reduces to finding a binary sequence (with 47.5 ones, which we can approximate as 48 ones and 47 zeros) where the maximum number of overlaps (1s in h and 0s in h shifted by k) is as small as possible.

This is similar to the cross-correlation problem in coding theory. The goal is to minimize the maximum cross-correlation of the sequence with itself.

Now, for a binary sequence with 48 ones and 47 zeros, the maximum cross-correlation would be determined by how the 1s are arranged. For example, if the ones are spaced out as much as possible, the cross-correlation for shifts would be minimized.

This is similar to the problem of designing a binary sequence with low cross-correlation, which is related to the concept of a "low autocorrelation sequence". For such sequences, the maximum cross-correlation is minimized.

So, if we can find such a binary sequence, then converting it into a step function (with values 0 and 1), then the overlap integral for each shift k would be the number of positions where a 1 is present in h and a 0 in h shifted by k, multiplied by dx. Since the sequence is binary, the overlap would be roughly the number of such positions.

Therefore, the key is to generate such a sequence and then compute the overlap.

But for n=95, how to generate such a sequence? One approach is to use a known low autocorrelation sequence, or generate it via an algorithm.

For example, a de Bruijn sequence has certain properties, but not sure. Alternatively, use a method where the 1s are placed periodically.

But for a sequence of length 95, the optimal arrangement might not be known. However, since the problem allows for a starting point, maybe the initial_h_values is a known good sequence, but we need to improve upon it.

Alternatively, construct a sequence by placing the 1s in positions that are as spread out as possible. For example, divide the interval [0,2] into 95 points, and place a 1 every few points, ensuring that the spacing between 1s is as uniform as possible.

For example, placing a 1 every 2 points, but since 95 is odd, the spacing might vary slightly. However, this is just a heuristic.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values and then apply a transformation to spread the 1s more evenly. For example, if the initial sequence has clusters of 1s, we can adjust them to be more spaced out.

But without knowing the structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the code could be modified to generate a new sequence.

Alternatively, use a random permutation. For example, generate a random sequence with 48 ones and 47 zeros, and then compute the overlap. However, this would be very time-consuming to find the optimal sequence, but given the budget, maybe a brute-force approach with some optimizations could work.

But with 95 points, the number of possible sequences is combinatorial, which is impractical. So, perhaps a better way is needed.

Another approach is to use the initial_h_values and perturb it slightly. For example, take the initial sequence and apply some small changes to it, then evaluate the C5 value. But again, without knowing the specifics, it's hard to implement.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values and apply a transformation to balance the cross-correlation. For instance, if there are high overlaps for certain shifts, modify the values in those regions to reduce the overlap.

But this would require manual analysis, which is not feasible in code.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to use the initial_h_values and optimize from there using a different optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP with a certain number of iterations, but maybe changing the optimization method or parameters could lead to better results.

Another idea: use the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which is a derivative-free optimization method. It might be more effective in avoiding local minima. Or use a Bayesian optimization approach.

But given the time, implementing these would require changes to the previous code. Let me think about modifying the previous approach.

In the previous code, the run() function used scipy.optimize.minimize with the SLSQP method. Perhaps changing to COBYLA or another method. Also, increasing the maximum number of iterations, but that could take more time.

Alternatively, use a different optimization strategy, such as using a genetic algorithm. However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch might be time-consuming and could be too slow for 95 points.

Alternatively, try using the initial_h_values and perform a local optimization with a different method. For example, using the SLSQP method with tighter tolerances.

But the user's strategy suggests using structured patterns, which is different from the initial approach. So maybe the way to go is to generate a structured binary sequence, convert it to a step function, and then optimize from there.

So, let's try that approach. Let's generate a binary sequence with 48 ones and 47 zeros, arranged to minimize cross-correlation, then convert it to a step function with sum 47.5, then optimize further.

But how to generate the sequence? One idea is to use a random permutation of the binary sequence. However, with 95 elements, the number of possible sequences is too large.

Alternatively, use a greedy algorithm to place the ones in the sequence in a way that minimizes the maximum cross-correlation. This would be computationally intensive, but for 95 elements, it's feasible with some heuristics.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values as a starting point and apply a transformation to spread out the 1s. For example, if the initial sequence has some clustering, spread them by some adjustments.

But without access to the initial_h_values' structure, it's hard to proceed. Wait, the initial_h_values is given as a global variable. But the user's code can refer to it, so maybe the initial_h_values is a specific sequence.

But since the user's code may not have provided the initial_h_values, perhaps in the actual code, it is provided. Assuming that the initial_h_values is a valid sequence, perhaps we can use it as a base.

Alternatively, generate a new sequence. For example, generate a sequence where the 1s are placed at regular intervals.

Let's think of the interval [0, 2] divided into 95 points. Suppose we want to place 48 ones. If we spread them evenly, each 1 is placed approximately every (2 / 48) ≈ 0.04167 units. But since there are 95 points, the spacing would be approximately 95 / (48) ≈ 2 intervals per point. Hmm, not sure.

Alternatively, distribute the 48 ones as uniformly as possible. For example, for n_points = 95, the ideal spacing between ones would be 2 / 48 ≈ 0.04167. But since it's discrete, we can compute positions as i / (n_points -1) for i in 0 to 94. But this is getting into the realm of generating a sequence.

Alternatively, generate a sequence where h[i] = 1 if i % k == 0, for some k. But this might not be optimal.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to take the initial_h_values and optimize from there, but with a different method.

Alternatively, use the previous code but adjust the optimization method. Let's think: the previous code uses SLSQP with maxiter=500. Maybe increasing the maxiter or changing the method.

Alternatively, use a different optimization library, such as cvxpy, but the problem requires using scipy, numpy, and others.

Alternatively, try to use a different approach to calculate the cross-correlation. For example, instead of using np.correlate, compute it manually with more precise control. Or use the fact that the cross-correlation is equivalent to the convolution with reversed sequence, but not sure.

Alternatively, consider that the cross-correlation for shifts k is equivalent to the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. For each k, this is the overlap for that shift. The maximum over all k is what we need to minimize.

But how to compute this efficiently. For each possible shift k (which ranges from -n_points+1 to n_points-1), compute the overlap. The maximum of these is C5.

So, with the current code, the line cross_corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full') gives the cross-correlation for all shifts. Then, the maximum of this multiplied by dx is C5.

So, the key is to minimize that maximum value.

In the previous code, the optimization is done with the objective function being the maximum of the cross-correlation. But this is non-convex and difficult to optimize. Hence, the local optimum.

Thus, to improve, perhaps using a different optimization strategy.

Another idea: use a gradient-based method that handles the max operation. However, the maximum is not differentiable, so this may be challenging. Alternatively, approximate the max with a smooth function.

Alternatively, use a metaheuristic like simulated annealing. But implementing this would take time.

But given the time budget, perhaps the best approach is to proceed with the initial code but try a few different things:

1. Use a better initial guess. If the initial_h_values is not good, generate a better one.
2. Use a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead method.
3. Increase the number of iterations or adjust the tolerance.

Alternatively, generate a new initial sequence using a structured approach, then optimize.

Let me try to generate a new initial sequence.

For example, create a sequence of 95 points, where h[i] is 1 if i % 3 == 0, and 0 otherwise. But adjust to get the sum 47.5. Wait, this would be a periodic pattern with 1s every 3 points. For n=95 points, the number of 1s would be around 31 or 32. That's too low. So, this is not good.

Alternatively, use a binary sequence where the 1s are placed in a way to minimize cross-correlation. For example, a binary sequence generated by taking the square wave with certain period.

Alternatively, use the initial h_values provided, which may already be a good starting point. If not, perhaps the code can generate a different initial sequence.

But since the code is supposed to use initial_h_values if available, and the user's code already did that, but achieved a suboptimal C5, maybe the problem is with the optimization method.

Thus, modifying the optimization method.

Let me consider changing the optimization method from SLSQP to COBYLA, which is another constrained optimization method. COBYLA doesn't require derivatives, which might help in avoiding local optima.

Alternatively, use the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a bounded optimization method.

So, modifying the previous code to use a different method.

Let's think about the code structure. The previous code used:

result = minimize(objective, h, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds, constraints=cons, options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 500})

Changing the method to 'COBYLA' or 'L-BFGS-B' may lead to better results.

Also, increasing the maxiter, but that might take more time. Let's see.

But the code must run within 1100 seconds. Let's check the time taken for each step.

In the previous code, the initial configuration takes about 5 seconds for the minimize call. If we increase the maxiter, say to 1000, that may take longer.

Alternatively, use the 'SLSQP' method with some better parameters.

Alternatively, use a local optimization from a few different starting points.

Another idea: since the optimization is expensive, use a multi-start approach. Generate several initial guesses and select the best result. But for 95 points, this could be very time-consuming.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values and then perturb it slightly and run the optimization from there. For example, adding small random noise to the initial h_values, then optimizing.

But to implement this in code, it's manageable.

So, the plan is:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Perturb it slightly with small random noise, then run the optimization.
- Choose the best result from multiple perturbations.

This may help escape local minima.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values and run the optimization with a different method.

Let me try modifying the code to use the COBYLA method.

So, changing the method to 'COBYLA' and see if that improves the result.

Another possible issue is the function evaluation. The objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation, which is a non-smooth function, so the gradient-based methods may struggle. Using a method that doesn't rely on derivatives might be better.

So, modifying the code to use COBYLA:

result = minimize(objective, h, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds, constraints=cons, options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 500})

This might lead to a better result.

Additionally, increasing the ftol and maxiter may help. Let's see.

Another thing: the initial_h_values may not be the best, so perhaps generating a new initial sequence with a structured pattern would help.

But how to generate that? For example, using a binary sequence with 48 ones and 47 zeros arranged to minimize cross-correlation.

Here's a possible way to generate such a sequence:

- Place the 1s at positions that are as far apart as possible. For example, divide the 95 points into 48 groups and place a 1 in each group, but this is vague.

Alternatively, use a Fibonacci sequence or other quasi-random sequence to distribute the 1s.

But this requires some code.

Alternatively, use a method similar to the one used for generating low discrepancy sequences, like the Halton sequence. But this is complex to implement.

Alternatively, use a random binary sequence with 48 ones and 47 zeros, and then optimize it further.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to use the initial_h_values, try optimizing with a different method, and see.

Thus, modifying the previous code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP, and perhaps increasing the maxiter.

In addition, the code could generate multiple starting points by perturbing the initial_h_values and see which one gives the best result.

But for the code to fit within the 1100 seconds, it must be efficient.

Putting this all together, the modified code would look something like this:

Import necessary modules, and in the run function:

- Check initial_h_values if available.
- Perturb it slightly.
- Run the optimization with COBYLA.
- Return the best result.

Alternatively, try a few different optimization methods.

But the user's code is supposed to be returned as a single code block. So, here's the plan:

Modify the existing code to use the COBYLA method for optimization, and perhaps increase the maxiter. Also, ensure that the initial_h_values is used, and if not available, generate a new one.

However, the initial_h_values may be provided. So, the code will use it as is.

Therefore, the modified code would replace the method from SLSQP to COBYLA, and adjust other parameters.

Thus, the final code would look like this:

[Code block with the modified optimization method and other adjustments]
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
from scipy.signal import correlate

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    global initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    if n_points == 0:
        return np.array([]), 1.0, 0
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=np.float64)
    sum_h = np.sum(h)
    assert np.isclose(sum_h, n_points / 2), "Initial h must have sum = n_points / 2"
    
    def objective(h_flat):
        h = h_flat.reshape(n_points)
        # Compute cross-correlation with 1-h
        corr = correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr * dx)
    
    def constraint_sum(h_flat):
        return np.sum(h_flat) - n_points / 2
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    cons = [{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}]
    
    result = minimize(objective, h, method='L-BFGS-B', bounds=bounds, constraints=cons, 
                      options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 1000, 'eps': 1e-8})
    
    if not result.success:
        return h, np.max(correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full') * dx), n_points
    
    h = result.x
    corr = correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    c5_value = np.max(corr * dx)
    
    return h, c5_value, n_points
```