<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The previous approach used a seed-based perturbation with SLSQP optimization, but maybe I can do better with a different strategy.

First, let me understand the problem again. We need to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by k. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The goal is to minimize the maximum of these integrals over k. 

The previous code starts from an initial guess and does some perturbations, optimizing with SLSQP. But perhaps that's getting stuck in local minima. Maybe I should try a different optimization approach, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, but given the time constraints and the need for speed, maybe a better approach is needed.

Alternatively, maybe I can use a more sophisticated optimization method. For example, using gradient-based methods but with better initialization. Or maybe using a different starting point. The initial_h_values given might be a good starting point, but perhaps there's a way to generate better initial guesses.

Wait, the previous code uses a loop with 60 iterations, adding noise and then optimizing. Maybe that's not efficient enough. Let me think about how to improve the optimization process.

One thing I noticed is that the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. The cross-correlation of h and (1-h) is being evaluated. Since the maximum is over k, perhaps the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum value of the cross-correlation.

Another idea: since the integral is over [0,2], and the shift k can be any real number, but in the discrete case, the shifts are determined by the sampled points. But for the discretized version, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. The maximum of these is then multiplied by dx to get the integral.

So, the problem is to find h that minimizes the maximum of these cross-correlation values. 

An alternative approach could be to use a variational method, but that might be complex. Another idea: maybe the optimal h has a certain symmetry or structure that can be exploited. For example, perhaps certain patterns in the h values (like alternating high and low regions) minimize the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. But if the starting point is not good, it might not find the global minimum. What if I try a different method, like using differential evolution, which is a global optimizer? However, the time budget is tight. Let me check how differential evolution would perform here.

But the problem is that with n_points=45, the number of parameters is manageable. Maybe the previous approach's hyperparameters could be adjusted for better performance. For example, adjusting the noise scale, number of iterations, or the optimizer's settings.

Alternatively, could I use a more sophisticated initialization? Like, using the initial_h_values but modifying it in a way that perhaps spreads the 1s and 0s more evenly, or perhaps adding some structure that reduces overlaps.

Another thought: the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). If we can minimize this for all k, then that would be ideal. But since it's a max over k, we need to make sure that for every possible shift, the overlap is as small as possible.

Another approach could be to model this as an optimization problem with constraints. Since the integral of h is 1, and h is in [0,1], we can use that. But how to handle the max over k? Maybe by formulating it as a minimax problem, which is tricky for optimization.

Alternatively, perhaps approximate the max by considering a set of critical shifts. For example, if the optimal h has certain periodicity, we can sample k at those points. However, this might not cover all possibilities.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is a kind of "balanced" function, where it doesn't have too much concentration of 1s and 0s. Maybe a piecewise constant function with certain intervals where h is 1 or 0, arranged so that when shifted, overlapping with 1 - h is minimized.

But how to design such intervals? Maybe using a greedy approach, but that's not straightforward.

Alternatively, perhaps using a combination of existing constructions. For example, the previous initial_h_values might have some structure that can be refined. Maybe by looking at the initial solution's structure, we can make improvements.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given, and the code starts from there. The previous code's run function returns a solution that's slightly worse than the current record. So maybe improving the optimization process from that initial guess could lead to better results.

One possible improvement is to use a different optimization method. For instance, using a hybrid approach where we do some global search followed by local optimization. But given the time constraints, I need to choose an efficient method.

Let me think about the previous code. It uses 60 iterations of perturbation and optimization. Maybe that's not enough. Also, the noise scale decreases over time, which might not be the best approach. Perhaps using a larger number of iterations with a different noise schedule could help.

Alternatively, using a different method like Nelder-Mead might be better. But SLSQP is a constrained method, which is appropriate here, since the constraint is the integral of h equals 1. But maybe adjusting the method parameters, such as allowing more iterations or better tolerance, could help.

Another idea: Instead of using the initial guess as a starting point, perhaps generating multiple starting points and then selecting the best one. However, generating many starting points might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a more efficient method for handling the constraints. The current constraint is sum(h) = n_points / 2. Since the function is smooth, perhaps the optimization can be made more efficient.

Wait, the previous code uses optimize.minimize with 'SLSQP' method, which is suitable for equality constraints. The problem might be that the initial guess is not good enough, and the optimizer is getting stuck in local minima. How can we improve the initial guess?

If the initial_h_values are based on a known construction, perhaps we can tweak them to improve the overlap. For example, adjusting the positions of the 1s and 0s to spread them out more.

Another approach: Maybe using a grid search over possible parameters, but with a low number of parameters. For example, if the optimal h has a certain repeating pattern, we could model it with few variables.

But given that the problem requires a step function, perhaps the optimal h has a certain number of intervals where it's 1 or 0. For instance, if we have k intervals where h is 1, and the rest 0, then the total integral would be k * dx, and we need k * dx = 1. But this is a simplification. However, perhaps such a structure could be optimized.

But in that case, for example, if we have m intervals of length dx, each with h=1, then the total area is m*dx = 1. So m = n_points / 2. But if we arrange these intervals in a way that when shifted, their overlap with the 1 - h regions is minimized.

But how to choose the positions of these intervals? For example, arranging them in a staggered pattern to avoid overlaps with their shifts. However, this is a discrete problem. For the continuous case, the optimal placement might involve placing the intervals such that their shifts do not overlap much.

But the problem is a continuous function, not discrete. However, the discretization approach is used. So maybe using a more uniform distribution of 1's and 0's in h.

But how to model this? Perhaps using a random permutation of 1's and 0's with the correct total sum. However, generating such permutations and optimizing them would be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, given that the initial_h_values are already a starting point, maybe we can perform a more thorough optimization from that point, perhaps using different methods.

Another thought: The previous code's perturbation adds noise to the current best solution. Maybe instead of using random perturbations, we could use a more informed approach, like using gradient information to guide the perturbations. However, computing the gradient of the objective function could be complex.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to search for the optimal h. But this would require more complex setup and might not fit within the time budget.

Another idea: Since the objective function is the max of several cross-correlation values, perhaps we can consider each of these cross-correlation terms as a separate objective and try to minimize them in a coordinated way. However, this is a multi-objective optimization problem, which is challenging.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a heuristic approach where we focus on reducing the largest cross-correlation values first. For example, in each iteration, find the shift k that currently has the maximum overlap, and then adjust h to reduce that particular overlap, while maintaining the integral constraint.

But how to adjust h to reduce that overlap? It might involve modifying h in regions where the overlap is highest. For example, if for shift k, the overlap is high, then perhaps increasing h(x) for x where h(x) is 0 and x + k is in the regions where h(x + k) is 1, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, maybe using a coordinate descent approach, where we iteratively update individual h_i values to decrease the max overlap. But this could be slow.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (60) with decreasing noise. Maybe increasing the number of iterations, but with a more aggressive noise schedule in the beginning. For example, starting with larger perturbations and decreasing them over time. This could help escape local minima earlier on.

Alternatively, using a larger number of iterations with a fixed noise scale might lead to better results. Let me think about the parameters.

Wait, the previous code uses a loop for 60 iterations, and in each iteration, adds a normal noise scaled by 0.025 * (1 - _/60). So in the first iteration, noise is 0.025, then decreasing linearly to 0.025 * (1-60/60)=0. So the noise starts high and decreases over time.

But maybe a better approach is to use a noise that keeps a certain level, allowing for more exploration. Or perhaps a different scheduling of the noise.

Another thing I noticed is that the objective function is evaluated every time, and the code checks if the result is better. However, the optimization could be more efficiently done by using more sophisticated methods.

Alternatively, could I use a different optimization library? For example, using the scipy.optimize.minimize with different methods, like 'L-BFGS-B' or 'COBYLA'? However, the problem has constraints, so 'L-BFGS-B' would need the bounds to be handled. But the current code uses SLSQP, which handles constraints.

Wait, the constraint is an equality constraint. Maybe switching to a different method that can handle equality constraints better? Or perhaps using a penalty method. However, the SLSQP method is already suitable for equality constraints.

Hmm. Maybe the previous approach is not sufficient. Let's think of possible ways to improve the optimization process.

Another idea: Instead of using random perturbations, maybe using a more informed initial population for the optimization. For example, generating multiple starting points based on the initial_h_values, such as shifting the intervals or varying the heights.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, if we can compute the gradient of the objective function, then using gradient-based optimization methods. But computing the gradient of the objective function might be complex since the max is over k. However, the max is a non-differentiable function, so it's challenging.

Alternatively, we can approximate the gradient by considering the derivative with respect to each h_i, assuming that the maximum occurs at a particular shift k. For example, if during the optimization, the maximum is determined by a particular k, then we can take the derivative of the cross-correlation for that k with respect to the h values.

This could be a way to compute the gradient for the current maximum. However, this would require identifying which shift k is currently causing the maximum, which could be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, during the optimization process, we could track which k gives the maximum value and use that to compute gradients. However, this might be too time-consuming.

Another approach: Since the cross-correlation for a shift k is the integral of h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx, and for the discrete case, it's calculated as the convolution. Maybe we can find a way to optimize the function by considering all shifts k as a set of variables. But this seems too abstract.

Given the time constraints and the need for speed, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code's optimization parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations, adjusting the noise scale, or using a different optimizer.

Wait, let's think about the current code's parameters. It runs for 60 iterations, with each iteration adding a perturbation. Let's see what n_points is. The initial_h_values are given, but the code uses len(initial_h_values) as n_points. Assuming that initial_h_values is for n=45, then dx is 2/45 ≈ 0.0444.

In the previous run, the best C5 was 0.381144, which is slightly worse than the current best of 0.38085. So the goal is to get better than that.

To improve the optimization, maybe I can try:

- Using a different optimization method. For example, using differential evolution (DE) which is a global optimizer. DE could potentially find better solutions by exploring the search space more thoroughly.

- Increasing the number of iterations. The current code does 60 iterations, but perhaps that's not enough.

- Using a larger population size for the optimizer, if possible.

- Using a different initial guess, maybe generated by other methods.

But since the code has to fit within 100 seconds, I need to balance the computational cost. Let's think about how much time each iteration would take.

If the code uses the same method but increases the number of iterations, that could be done. Alternatively, using a different method that is faster.

Another possible adjustment: the previous code uses a loop for 60 iterations, each time adding perturbation and optimizing. Let's consider that in each iteration, the optimizer might take a few seconds. If the budget is 100 seconds, then with 60 iterations, each iteration would take around 1-2 seconds, which is feasible. But maybe by optimizing the parameters, the code can run more iterations or use a better method.

Alternatively, using the differential evolution method, which is more suitable for global optimization, but with fewer iterations. Let me think about how to implement that.

But how to handle the constraints? Differential evolution can handle bounds, but the equality constraint sum(h) = 1 * dx requires that the sum of h equals n_points / 2. So, perhaps we can model this as a constrained optimization problem, or use a method that allows for constraints.

Alternatively, since the sum is fixed, we can model the problem in terms of the differences between the h values and their average. For example, fix the sum to be exactly n_points / 2, and optimize the individual h_i's.

But in the current setup, the code uses the SLSQP method with the constraint. So maybe the previous approach is the way to go, but with parameter adjustments.

An alternative idea is to use a more efficient gradient-based method. For example, if we can compute the gradient of the objective function (max of cross-correlation), then using gradient descent with momentum. However, this would require knowing the current k that is maximizing the cross-correlation.

But since the max is non-differentiable, this could be tricky. However, in practice, during the optimization, if the maximum is achieved at a particular k, then the gradient can be computed with respect to h_i for that k.

Let me think about this. Suppose that during the optimization, the maximum is achieved at shift k. Then, the objective function for the current h is the value of the cross-correlation at k. The gradient of this value with respect to h_i is the derivative of ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx over h_i. Let's express this as:

For each i, the contribution to the integral is:

h_i * (1 - h_i + k) ? Or wait, it's the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). Let's consider x as the variable, and for each h_i, which is at position i*dx. When x is in the interval [i*dx - k, (i+1)*dx -k], then x +k is in [i*dx, (i+1)*dx]. So, if we are considering the integral over x of h(x)(1-h(x +k)), the value of h(x) at x is h[j], where j is such that j*dx ≈ x. Similarly, h(x +k) is h[m], where m*dx ≈ x +k.

But this seems complex to compute. However, in the discrete case, the cross-correlation is computed as the sum over all i and j of h[i] * (1 - h[j]) * dx, where j = i - k's discretized shift. But for each shift k, it's like a convolution. So, the maximum of these cross-correlation values is the objective.

So if we can find which shift k is causing the maximum, then compute the gradient for that k, and then perform a gradient-based optimization.

But integrating this into the optimization process would require a lot of computation. However, for a single iteration, it's manageable.

Alternatively, for each optimization step, we can compute the gradient of the current objective (assuming it's determined by a particular k) and use that to update the h values.

But this is getting complicated. Given that the time is limited, perhaps focusing on tuning the previous approach is better.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations, but maybe increasing the number of iterations allows for better convergence. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so the number of iterations can't be too high.

Alternatively, using a more efficient method, such as Nelder-Mead, which is a derivative-free method. However, the SLSQP method was used because it handles equality constraints. But maybe the previous code's method could be modified to use a different optimizer.

Alternatively, adjusting the noise scale: perhaps instead of decreasing the noise scale over time, keeping it higher for more iterations could help explore better solutions. For example, using a constant noise scale or a slower decrease.

Another idea: instead of random perturbations, using a Lévy flight-like approach that allows for larger jumps, or using simulated annealing with appropriate cooling schedule.

But given the time constraints and the need for code simplicity, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code's parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations, adjusting the noise scaling, and possibly using a different optimizer.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations in the optimize.minimize call. Perhaps increasing the 'maxiter' parameter in the optimize.minimize call. For example, changing 'maxiter': 250 to higher, like 500 or 1000, but this would take more time. Alternatively, if the code is allowed to use more iterations, but the previous code uses 250 per iteration. But if the budget is 100 seconds, and each optimization takes some time, then increasing the maxiter might not help.

Another possible change: using a different starting point. The previous code uses initial_h_values and perturbs it. Maybe generating a different initial guess, such as a random permutation of 1's and 0's with the correct sum, could lead to a better solution.

But generating such permutations is computationally feasible. For example, for n_points=45, the sum is 22.5, which would mean that 22 or 23 of the h[i] are 1, and the rest 0. However, since h[i] must be in [0,1], maybe a more nuanced approach is needed. But for the purpose of generating a better initial guess, perhaps creating a randomized initial guess with the correct sum.

Alternatively, using a Latin hypercube sampling or other methods to generate an initial guess.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code by adjusting the noise schedule and the number of iterations.

Let me outline the changes I can make:

1. Increase the number of iterations from 60 to, say, 100. This would allow more time for exploration.

2. Adjust the noise scale: instead of decreasing it linearly, maybe use a different schedule, such as exponential decay.

3. Use a different optimization method, like differential evolution.

4. Use a better initial guess, possibly generated with a different strategy.

But given that the previous code already uses the initial_h_values, and the goal is to improve upon it, perhaps the best way is to try more optimizations with the same method.

Another thought: the previous code uses a perturbation scheme where each iteration adds noise to the previous best solution. However, this could be too restrictive. What if instead, after each optimization, the best solution is kept, and the next perturbation is based on that solution? Or use multiple perturbations and keep the best one.

Another possible adjustment: change the noise scale to be larger initially and then decrease. For example, in the first few iterations, allow larger perturbations to explore, then smaller ones to converge.

Alternatively, use a noise schedule that starts high and decays, but with a different rate.

In the previous code, the noise_scale is 0.025 * (1 - _ / 60), where _ is the iteration index (0 to 59). So the noise starts at 0.025 and decreases linearly. Maybe adjusting this to have a more aggressive initial noise.

For example, noise_scale = max(0.05 * (1 - _ / 60), 0.01) – this would have a larger initial noise, but not too large.

But I need to test this in code.

Another possible change: use a larger number of perturbations. For example, instead of one perturbation per iteration, do multiple and take the best one.

But given the time, perhaps it's better to proceed with the code, adjusting the parameters to see if we can get a better result.

So, the plan is to modify the code as follows:

- Increase the number of iterations to, say, 100.

- Adjust the noise scale to start higher.

- Adjust the optimizer's parameters, such as increasing 'maxiter' or decreasing 'ftol'.

But in code:

The previous code uses for _ in range(60). Let's change it to range(100), and adjust the noise scale.

Also, in the optimize.minimize call, increase 'maxiter' to 500, and decrease the 'ftol' to get a tighter tolerance.

But this would increase the time per iteration. However, if the code can handle it within the budget, it might lead to better results.

Another possible adjustment: the initial guess is the initial_h_values. Maybe this is a good starting point, but generating multiple initial guesses and selecting the best could help. However, generating them would take time.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess generated with a random permutation, but I'm not sure.

But the code must start from the given initial_h_values, unless no parent construction exists. So the initial guess is fixed.

Another idea: during the perturbation, instead of adding Gaussian noise, use a different distribution, like uniform noise, which might lead to more exploration.

But this requires changing the line where noise is added.

In the previous code, perturb is np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, ...). Maybe changing to uniform distribution could help: np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, ...).

But again, this is a possible adjustment.

Putting all this together, the modified code would have:

- More iterations (like 100).

- Larger initial noise.

- Adjusted optimizer parameters.

- Maybe using uniform noise instead of Gaussian.

Another possible optimization: use a smaller dx, i.e., more n_points. But the problem states that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The current n_points is 45, which is small. So perhaps using a larger n_points would allow for a better approximation, but the code may take longer. However, the previous code seems to use 45, so maybe that's acceptable.

In summary, the changes to the code would be:

- Increase the number of optimization iterations.

- Adjust the noise scaling to allow for more exploration initially.

- Use a different noise distribution.

- Adjust the optimizer's parameters for better convergence.

Now, translating this into code modifications.

So, the code would have:

Instead of range(60), use range(100).

The noise_scale would be something like 0.05 * (1 - _ / 100) to start higher.

Also, in the optimize.minimize call, increase the maxiter to 500, and tighten ftol.

But given the time constraints, the code may need to be optimized further.

Another possible change: the code returns the best_h and best_c5, but perhaps we can track multiple solutions and choose the best one.

But this might not significantly improve the result.

Given all these considerations, the code can be modified as follows:

- Increase the number of iterations to 100.

- Adjust the noise_scale to start higher.

- Change the noise distribution to uniform.

- Increase the 'maxiter' in optimize.minimize.

- Tighten the 'ftol' and 'eps' parameters.

But I need to make sure that these changes don't cause the code to exceed the time budget.

Putting this into code:

In the for loop, replace range(60) with range(100). Then, change the noise_scale calculation. For example, noise_scale = 0.05 * (1 - _ / 100). Also, use np.random.uniform instead of normal. 

Additionally, in the optimize.minimize call, increase maxiter to 500 and ftol to 1e-10 (same as before?), or maybe 1e-12. But I need to avoid making the code too slow.

Finally, after all these changes, test the code to see if it produces a better C5 value.

Another possible change: the initial guess is given, but if there's no parent construction, the code may need to create one. However, the problem states that 'initial_h_values' is available, so we can proceed with that.

In conclusion, the main changes are increasing the number of iterations, adjusting the noise schedule, and perhaps changing the optimizer parameters.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    for _ in range(100):  # More iterations for thorough exploration
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        noise_scale = 0.05 * (1 - _ / 100)  # Larger initial noise
        perturb = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={
                'maxiter': 500,  # More iterations for each optimization
                'ftol': 1e-10,
                'eps': 1e-9,
                'disp': False
            }
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```