<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. The previous code uses a perturbation-based approach with SLSQP optimization, but maybe I can do better by changing the strategy. Let's think about how to approach this.

First, understanding the problem: we need to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum correlation between h and 1-h over all shifts k is minimized. The correlation here is computed as the integral, and the maximum of these is C₅.

The previous approach starts from an initial guess and uses perturbations, then optimizes. However, this might get stuck in local minima. Maybe a better approach is to use a different optimization method or parameter tuning. Also, considering that the problem is about minimizing a max function, maybe we can use a more global optimization strategy, like simulated annealing, or use a different initial guess.

Wait, the current best is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. So even a slight improvement would be significant. But how to get there?

An alternative idea: perhaps using a more structured approach. The problem resembles a covering problem, where we want h to overlap as little as possible with its shifted versions. So maybe the optimal function has a certain periodic structure or symmetric properties.

Another thought: the initial_h_values given is a starting point. If I can generate a better initial guess, perhaps by modifying it, that might help. For example, maybe smoothing it or adjusting the positions of the steps.

But how to generate a better initial guess? Maybe using some symmetry. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is local. Maybe a global optimization approach would be better, but that might take too long.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm. But implementing that in Python with scipy might be challenging, especially within the time constraints.

Wait, the previous code uses a loop with 60 iterations, each time perturbing the previous best and optimizing. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the perturbation parameters could help. But with the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps it's better to try a different method.

Another idea: instead of perturbing around the previous best, maybe use a different optimization approach, like alternating projections or a more efficient gradient-based method. Or maybe using a random search with some constraints.

But the user's previous code already uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe the problem is that the objective function is non-convex, and SLSQP might not find the global minimum. So, perhaps trying a different optimization method, like a Bayesian optimization or another heuristic.

Alternatively, maybe we can model the problem as a quadratic optimization or use some other technique. However, the objective function is a max of a convolution, which is non-convex.

Another approach: since the integral is over the overlap, perhaps we can consider the problem as trying to minimize the worst-case overlap. This resembles a min-max optimization problem. One way to approach this is to use a relaxation technique, like converting the problem into a semi-definite programming (SDP) problem. However, SDP might not be feasible with the given time constraints, especially since the problem size depends on the number of points.

But given that the time is limited, maybe a better approach is to improve the existing algorithm. For instance, using a more efficient optimization method, like using Nelder-Mead instead of SLSQP for the local search, but that might not be as effective. Or perhaps using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess that's better. The initial_h_values provided might be a starting point, but if we can generate a better one, that could help. For example, maybe distributing the mass of h more uniformly to reduce overlaps.

Wait, the initial_h_values is a 45-point array. Maybe trying to create a more optimal initial guess by splitting the intervals in a way that balances the overlap. For example, placing the steps in intervals that are spaced apart to minimize overlap when shifted.

But how to model that? Perhaps by using a grid of points with some regular structure, like placing them in a way that each step is spaced to avoid overlapping when shifted.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess, maybe with some structure, such as a block-based pattern.

However, generating such a structure might not be straightforward. Let's think about the existing code. It uses a loop with 60 iterations, each time adding some noise to the previous best and optimizing. The noise scales down over time. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or changing the noise parameters could help. But perhaps the main issue is that the optimization is local and doesn't explore enough.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the previous best, perhaps use a more diverse set of initial guesses. For example, generate multiple different starting points and optimize each, then pick the best among them. However, this may be computationally intensive.

Alternatively, use a different optimization method. For instance, using gradient descent with momentum or other techniques. Or using a Bayesian optimization framework, which could explore the space more effectively.

But integrating Bayesian optimization into the code might be time-consuming. Also, considering that the time budget is 100 seconds, perhaps a better approach is to refine the existing algorithm.

Another thought: the objective function is the maximum of the correlation, which can be rewritten as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)). This is equivalent to maximizing the overlap for some shift k. So, the problem is to find a function h such that all such overlaps are as small as possible.

To minimize the maximum, we can try to make all these overlaps similar, which might suggest a more even distribution of the function's steps.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 45). Maybe using a different number of points could help. For example, trying with more points might allow for a finer control, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, the current code is using 45 points, and the previous record is with that. Maybe trying with a different n_points, like 60 or 90, could yield better results. But the user said that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. However, the initial code uses 45, which is small enough.

Alternatively, maybe using a different starting point. For example, the initial_h_values might have some structure. If I can modify it, like adding more overlapping steps or adjusting their positions, perhaps that could lead to better results.

But how to modify it? Maybe by using a better initialization method. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal intervals and placing the steps in a way that avoids shifting overlaps. For instance, using a pattern where the steps are placed every 0.5 units, but this would require the integral to sum to 1.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is 1, which for n points is sum(h) = n/2. So for n=45, sum is 22.5. So the total number of steps is half of the points. Maybe distributing the steps in a way that each step is spaced out to avoid overlapping when shifted.

But how to model this? Maybe using a regular pattern with some periodicity. For example, placing steps in intervals that are spaced more than a certain distance apart. However, the exact method is unclear.

Another approach is to consider that the maximum overlap occurs when the shift k is equal to the spacing between steps. So perhaps arranging the steps to have a certain spacing that minimizes the maximum overlap.

But without a clear mathematical formulation, this is just heuristic.

Another idea: try to use a more efficient optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP with constraints, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization technique, like differential evolution, could be better. However, differential evolution is more computationally intensive. However, given the time budget, maybe it's possible to run a few iterations of DE with some constraints.

But the previous code uses a loop with 60 iterations, each optimizing with SLSQP. Maybe replacing the SLSQP with differential evolution could yield better results. Let's think: the DE method can explore the search space more globally, avoiding local minima. However, each DE evaluation is more expensive. But since the number of iterations is limited, perhaps it's manageable.

Alternatively, combining the strategies: use a global method for initial exploration and then local optimization.

But how to implement this in the given code structure.

Wait, the code is supposed to be within the run() function, which needs to return h_values, c5_bound, and n_points. The user's previous code starts from initial_h_values and uses perturbations.

Another thought: the current code uses the same number of points (n_points = len(initial_h_values)) = 45. Maybe using a different number of points could help. For example, trying with n_points = 60. But since the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, maybe that's not the way to go.

Alternatively, trying to optimize the initial guess. Maybe using an initial guess that is a better starting point. For example, perhaps creating a more optimal initial guess by applying some heuristic.

But without knowing the structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. The initial_h_values is provided, but I can't access it in the code. Wait, the user says that 'initial_h_values' is a runtime input, and the code should reference it directly. So the code should use the initial_h_values as a starting point.

But the previous code starts with initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float). So that's how it's done.

Perhaps the current code is not effective because the perturbation is not sufficient. Maybe trying a different perturbation strategy, such as using a larger initial step, then decreasing over time.

Alternatively, trying to use a more sophisticated optimization method. For example, using a Bayesian optimization framework, but integrating that into the code might be complex.

Another possibility: the max function in the objective is difficult for the optimizer to handle. To make it more smooth, perhaps using a convex approximation for the max function. But this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, we can try to sample different shifts k and minimize the maximum over those samples. But that would require knowing which shifts k are critical, which is not known beforehand.

Alternatively, for each optimization iteration, we can compute the maximum over a few k values, rather than all possible shifts. This would reduce the computational cost. However, the current code uses the full correlation, which includes all possible shifts. For the correlation mode 'full', the number of shifts k is (n_points + n_points - 1), which for n_points=45 is 89 shifts. So for each objective function evaluation, it's computing the max of 89 values. That might be computationally expensive, but with the given code, it's already being done.

Wait, the code uses the numpy.correlate function with mode='full', which gives the correlation for all possible shifts. Then, the max is taken. However, the maximum could be achieved at certain shifts, but the code computes all of them. Perhaps instead of computing all shifts, we can focus on the ones that are more probable to be the maximum?

Not sure.

Another idea: since the integral is over x, and the function h is piecewise constant, the overlap integral for each shift k can be computed as the sum over intervals where h(x) and 1-h(x+k) are both non-zero. But perhaps this can be optimized by considering the structure of h.

But this seems too abstract to model.

Another angle: the problem is similar to a covering problem. The goal is to have the function h cover the interval [0,2] in such a way that when shifted, there's minimal overlap. For example, if h is a set of intervals, then shifting it would overlap with the original h in some way. To minimize the maximum overlap, we need to arrange the intervals so that their overlaps when shifted are as small as possible.

This is similar to a scheduling problem where tasks are arranged to avoid overlaps. But again, the exact modeling is unclear.

Perhaps the key is to find a function h that has as uniform as possible coverage, spreading out the steps to avoid overlaps when shifted. For example, spacing the steps evenly.

But given that the integral is fixed to 1, the total measure of h(x) is 1. For example, if n_points=45, the average value of h[x] is 0.5. So the function is 0.5 on average.

An idea: use a pattern where h(x) is 1 in intervals of length 1/(n_points/2), spaced in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. However, the exact placement is tricky.

Alternatively, considering that the function h(x) needs to have a certain spacing between its 1's to prevent overlaps. For instance, if the 1's in h are spaced at least a certain distance apart, then shifting them by that distance would minimize the overlap. But how to balance this with the integral constraint.

This is getting a bit too abstract. Let's think about practical steps. The existing code uses an initial guess and a perturbation-based optimization. To improve it, perhaps:

1. Increase the number of perturbations or iterations. However, the code already has 60 iterations. Maybe that's sufficient.

2. Change the optimization method. For instance, using a different optimizer like COBYLA, SLSQP, or others. Or using a different method altogether.

3. Use a different way of generating perturbations. Instead of adding Gaussian noise, maybe using a more structured perturbation.

4. Adjust the hyperparameters, like the noise_scale, maxiter, ftol, etc.

For example, in the previous code, noise_scale decreases over time. Maybe a different scaling, like decreasing more rapidly, or using a different noise type (e.g., uniform instead of Gaussian).

Another idea: instead of optimizing the same function in each iteration, perhaps trying to find a different kind of initial guess. For example, starting with a completely random guess that satisfies the sum constraint, and then optimizing. But since the initial_h_values is provided, maybe using it as the starting point is better.

Alternatively, trying to use the initial_h_values and then applying some transformation to it to create a better starting point.

Another possibility: modify the code to use a different optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method in scipy.optimize.minimize, which allows box constraints and can sometimes escape local optima better than SLSQP.

But I need to check if that's possible. Let's consider that the current code uses SLSQP with equality constraint for the sum. Maybe changing the method could help.

Another idea: during the optimization, instead of using the full correlation array, compute the maximum for a subset of shifts. For instance, only considering shifts that are multiples of some value. This would reduce the computational load and potentially focus the optimization on the most critical shifts.

However, the code as is uses the full correlation, which may be necessary to capture all possible overlaps.

Alternatively, the current code evaluates the objective function by taking the maximum of the correlation. But maybe that's too simplistic. For example, if only some of the shifts are critical, then optimizing for those might be more efficient.

In conclusion, the existing code might be improved by:

- Trying a different optimization method.
- Adjusting hyperparameters like noise scale, number of iterations, or perturbation strategies.
- Using a better initial guess or generating multiple initial guesses.
- Possibly changing the number of points or using a different structure for the initial guess.

Since the user's previous code uses 45 points and the initial_h_values, maybe I can try to modify the perturbation strategy. For example, instead of always adding Gaussian noise, maybe using a more careful perturbation that maintains the sum constraint.

Alternatively, instead of using SLSQP, use a different optimization method. Let's try using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is suitable for bounds and equality constraints.

Another thing to consider is that the objective function is non-convex, and the success of the optimization depends on the initial guess. Thus, using multiple initial guesses might help find a better solution, but given the time constraints, it's challenging.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function. For example, precomputing the possible shifts and only evaluating the max for those that are most likely to contribute to the maximum.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method. For example, using 'L-BFGS-B' with constraints and see if that leads to a better result.

Let me think about how to implement that. The current code uses SLSQP. To change to L-BFGS-B, we need to make sure that the bounds are handled correctly. The L-BFGS-B method handles bounds, so it's suitable for our case. The equality constraint is the sum constraint.

Another parameter to adjust is the number of iterations in the optimize.minimize call. Perhaps increasing maxiter from 250 to a higher value, but that might be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, trying to use a different starting guess. For example, using a different initial guess that is better than the initial_h_values. However, without knowing the structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to generate a better one. But maybe we can create a better initial guess by using a different pattern, such as splitting the interval into equal parts and setting h(x) to 1 for the first half and 0 for the rest. However, this would not meet the integral constraint unless the sum is adjusted.

Alternatively, create an initial guess where the function alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that spacing is optimal. For example, a periodic pattern with certain period that minimizes the overlap when shifted.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's challenging.

Putting it all together, perhaps modifying the existing code to use a different optimization method, such as L-BFGS-B, and adjusting the parameters to see if that leads to a better solution. Additionally, perhaps changing the way the perturbations are applied.

Another change could be to reduce the number of iterations but increase the number of perturbations. Or, perhaps using a different noise scale.

Let me outline a revised plan for the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Perform multiple perturbation steps, each time using a different optimization method (like L-BFGS-B).
3. Adjust the noise scale parameters to ensure that the perturbations are not too large, thus exploring the space effectively.
4. Use the best solution found across all iterations.

But how to implement this in code.

Another idea: since the optimization is time-consuming, maybe use a global optimization approach like simulated annealing. However, integrating that with the existing code might be complex.

Alternatively, consider that the previous code's main limitation is the use of SLSQP, which may not explore the search space adequately. Changing the optimizer to one that is more capable of finding global minima could help.

So, in the revised code, instead of using SLSQP, use L-BFGS-B with appropriate parameters. Also, adjust the noise scale and other parameters.

Let me draft the code changes:

- Replace the method in optimize.minimize from 'SLSQP' to 'L-BFGS-B'.
- Adjust the constraints, ensuring that the equality constraint is properly handled.
- Maybe adjust the noise_scale parameters to be larger initially.

Another point: the current code has a loop with 60 iterations, each time perturbing the previous best and optimizing. Maybe instead of doing that, we can do a more efficient approach, like performing a limited number of large perturbations, then optimizing.

Wait, but the code as it is already does multiple optimizations with different starting points. So the main variables are the method used, the number of iterations, and the parameters.

So, in the revised code, perhaps:

- Use the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is more efficient for bound-constrained problems.
- Adjust the parameters like maxiter, ftol, etc.
- Maybe increase the number of iterations or adjust the perturbation strategy.

Another consideration: the objective function evaluation is expensive. The maximum of the correlation may be slow to compute for large n_points. However, with n_points=45, it's manageable.

Let me now think about the code structure. The current code defines the objective function as the maximum of the correlation. For each call to minimize, this is evaluated. So in the new code, perhaps using a more efficient objective function.

Wait, the code uses:

def objective(h_values):
    h = np.array(h_values)
    corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    return np.max(corr) * dx

But for each call to optimize, this function is run. Since the compute time for this is O(n_points^2), it's feasible for small n_points like 45.

So, given all this, perhaps changing the optimization method to 'L-BFGS-B' could yield better results. Let me try that.

Another possible optimization is to use the 'bounds' parameter in the minimize function. The current code uses bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)], which is correct.

Another thing to consider is that the 'L-BFGS-B' method may require the gradient, but the current code doesn't provide it. However, the objective function is the maximum of the correlation, which is not differentiable, so using a gradient-based method may not be effective. Therefore, SLSQP may be better as it can handle non-smooth objectives with constraints via a numerical derivative.

Wait, this is a critical point. If the objective function is non-smooth (since it involves a max of terms that might be non-differentiable), using a gradient-based optimizer may not be optimal. Therefore, the previous code's use of SLSQP is reasonable, as it uses numerical derivatives.

So, perhaps the original code's approach is the best, but to improve it, maybe we can tweak the hyperparameters.

In the previous code, noise_scale starts at 0.025 and decreases over iterations. Maybe this could be adjusted. For example, making it start higher and decrease more rapidly, allowing for more exploration early on.

Alternatively, trying to use a different perturbation strategy, such as adding random steps that maintain the sum constraint. But maintaining the sum is essential, as the constraint is that sum(h_values) = target_sum.

In the current code, when perturbing, they add noise and clip to [0,1], but the sum may not be preserved. However, the constraint_sum function is used to ensure that the sum is maintained during optimization. However, the perturbation might have caused the sum to deviate, but the optimize.minimize function with the equality constraint should correct it.

But this could be a problem, as the perturbed guess may not satisfy the sum constraint. However, the minimize function will adjust the variables to satisfy the constraint.

Another thing to adjust: the ftol and eps parameters. The current code uses ftol=1e-10, which might be too tight. Perhaps relaxing these could allow the optimizer to converge faster or find better solutions.

Alternatively, perhaps even allowing some slack in the constraint_sum to allow for more efficient optimization.

Another approach is to use a different initial guess. For example, instead of using the initial_h_values, start with a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint and then optimize.

But the initial_h_values is provided, and the user says to use it if available. So, the code should use it as the starting point.

Putting all this together, perhaps the best way to improve the code is to adjust the optimization parameters, use a different optimization method, and/or change the perturbation strategy.

In the revised code, I'll try using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, adjust the noise_scale, and ensure that the sum constraint is properly handled.

Let me outline the code changes:

- Replace the method in optimize.minimize with 'L-BFGS-B'.
- Adjust the noise_scale to be larger initially.
- Increase the number of iterations or adjust the perturbation steps.

But wait, the current code uses a loop with 60 iterations, each time perturbing and optimizing. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help, but with time constraints, it's better to optimize the existing code.

Another idea: since the previous code uses a loop of 60 iterations, maybe using a different number of iterations, or reducing the number of iterations but increasing the perturbation scale.

Alternatively, use a different optimization method like 'COBYLA', which can handle bounds and equality constraints without requiring gradients.

Let me try using COBYLA in the new code.

But the key is to find a balance between exploration and exploitation.

After considering all these possibilities, I think the best approach is to modify the existing code by:

- Using a different optimization method (like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B).
- Adjusting the perturbation parameters, such as noise_scale.
- Possibly increasing the number of iterations.

In the new code, I'll try using COBYLA method with the same constraints and see if it performs better.

Another thing to note is that the previous code returns the best solution found, which is the one with the lowest C₅. So, ensuring that the perturbations are sufficient to explore the search space.

In summary, the revised code will:

- Use the same initial guess as before.
- Perform multiple perturbations, each time using a different optimization method (like COBYLA) and adjusting the parameters.
- Track the best solution found.

Now, translating this into code.

But I need to make sure that the code is under the required constraints: at most 300 lines and 12k characters, and uses no long literals.

Also, the initial_h_values is referenced directly.

Given all that, I'll proceed to write the code, taking the previous code as a base and making necessary changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    for _ in range(60):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        noise_scale = 0.05 * (1 - _ / 60)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 50, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8, 'disp': False}
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```