<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is given by the maximum of the convolution of h and 1-h, scaled by dx. The current best is around 0.38085, and I need to get lower than that, maybe 0.380876 or better.

The previous approach used a perturbation-based optimization with SLSQP, starting from an initial guess. But maybe that approach is getting stuck in local minima. Let me think about alternative methods. Maybe using a different optimization strategy, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing? But given the time constraint of 100 seconds, and the available CPUs, maybe a more efficient approach is better.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different starting point. The initial_h_values are provided, but maybe starting with a different pattern could lead to better results. For example, maybe using a more symmetric or structured function h(x) that has a lower overlap.

Another thought: the problem is similar to some kind of covering problem. Maybe there's a way to model this as a combinatorial optimization problem, or use a more sophisticated approach like convex optimization with constraints. However, the objective function is non-convex due to the max and convolution operations, so that's tricky.

Wait, the previous code uses a grid of samples and then optimizes via SLSQP. Maybe there's a way to improve that. For example, instead of perturbing the initial guess, maybe using a better initialization. Also, the current code uses a loop with 120 iterations, but perhaps it's better to use more sophisticated optimization techniques.

Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm. Maybe a Bayesian optimization approach, which could explore the search space more efficiently. But implementing Bayesian optimization might be complicated within the time constraints.

Another angle: the overlap integral is maximized over different shifts k. For the function h(x), the overlap is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). Since h is periodic over [0,2], maybe considering the shifts k that are multiples of dx. Wait, the convolution in the code is done with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation over all possible lags. The maximum of that cross-correlation scaled by dx is the value to minimize.

Hmm. Maybe trying to model the problem as a quadratic program or something else. But given the non-convexity, that's challenging.

Alternatively, maybe using a coordinate descent approach, where for each point in h, adjust it to reduce the maximum overlap. But how to do that efficiently?

Another idea: since the integral is over [0,2], and the constraint is that the integral of h is 1, maybe think of h as a probability density function scaled. The overlap for shift k is the expected value of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) over x, but multiplied by dx. To minimize the maximum of these values over all k.

Wait, but the problem is to minimize the maximum over all shifts k of this integral. So, for each k, we have to ensure that the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) is as small as possible.

But how to handle all possible k? Maybe approximating the shifts as multiples of dx. For example, if the function h is sampled at n_points points, then the possible shifts k are from 0 to 2 - dx. But in practice, the code uses the full convolution, which includes all lags.

Alternatively, perhaps considering the problem as a set of constraints: for each shift k, the integral is ≤ C₅. Then, the goal is to find h that satisfies all these constraints and has integral 1. But since C₅ is the maximum of these integrals, we can model this as an optimization problem where we minimize C₅ subject to integral constraints and the total integral constraint.

This seems like a semi-infinite optimization problem, but for practical purposes, we can discretize k into some finite set of shifts. However, for a given n_points, the number of possible shifts would be O(n_points^2), which might be too large for an optimizer to handle.

But perhaps using a different approach. Maybe the optimal h is piecewise constant, with certain intervals where it's 0 or 1, or some other values. For example, a piecewise linear function or a function with specific structure. However, finding such a structure might be non-trivial.

Another thought: in the previous code, the optimization uses a fixed initial guess and then perturbs it. Maybe the initial guess is not good enough. Let's think about the structure of the initial_h_values. If it's a 45-point array, perhaps it's a certain pattern, but without seeing it, I can't tell. Assuming that it's some known construction, perhaps the code can start from that, but maybe generating a different starting point could help.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal h has a certain symmetry. For example, if h(x) is symmetric around 1, then maybe shifts k=1 would be a critical point. But I'm not sure.

Another approach is to use a genetic algorithm, where the population of h functions is evolved to minimize C₅. However, with the given time constraints, this might be too slow unless the code is optimized.

Wait, but the previous code uses SLSQP with random perturbations. Maybe we can make the perturbation smarter. For example, instead of adding normally distributed noise, maybe use a different perturbation strategy, like varying each h[i] in a certain range.

But given the previous code's performance, perhaps a better approach would be to use a more efficient optimizer, or adjust the parameters of the existing optimizer. For example, the previous code uses 120 iterations, each with a perturbation. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the noise scale could help.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using a trust-region method, or a more global optimization approach with multiple starting points.

Wait, the problem is highly non-convex, so even with a good initial guess, the optimizer may get stuck in a local minimum. To avoid this, maybe using a more diverse set of initial guesses, such as starting from different patterns or initializations.

Another idea: instead of using random perturbations, maybe use a grid search over some parameters that define the shape of h(x). For example, if we model h as a sum of basis functions, like piecewise constants, and optimize the coefficients of these basis functions.

Alternatively, considering that the integral of h(x) is 1, maybe h(x) is uniform over some intervals. For example, if h(x) is 1 over an interval of length 0.5 and 0 elsewhere, but that would not satisfy the integral constraint. Wait, the integral over [0,2] of h(x) is 1, so the average value of h is 0.5. So, h(x) could be a step function that's 1 for some intervals and 0 for others, but with the total area being 1.

But for that case, the overlap integral for certain shifts k would be the area where h(x) is 1 and 1-h(x+k) is 1, i.e., h(x) is 1 and h(x+k) is 0. So, the overlap would be the area of the overlap between the regions where h(x) is 1 and h(x+k) is 0. For example, if h is 1 on [a, b], then for a shift k, the overlap is the area of x where x is in [a,b] and x+k is not in [a,b]. That would be the length of [a, b] minus the overlap between [a,b] and [a-k, b-k]. Hmm.

But designing such a step function to minimize the maximum overlap for any k is non-trivial. However, maybe a better structure than the previous initial guess is possible.

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of designing h to be as "spread out" as possible, so that h(x) and h(x+k) are not both high or both low, thereby minimizing the product h(x)(1-h(x+k)). But I'm not sure how to translate this into an actual construction.

Another idea: the problem resembles the problem of finding a function that is as "spread out" as possible, such that when you shift it, the overlap with itself is minimized. This is similar to the concept of a "spread" function, but with the product term. 

Maybe using a function that is a combination of multiple shifted blocks. For example, if h is made up of several non-overlapping intervals where it is 1, and the rest are 0. The number of intervals and their spacing can be optimized to minimize the overlap.

But with the integral constraint of 1, if each interval is of length L, then the number of intervals is 1 / (L * 1), since the area is sum(L_i) = 1. For example, if there are m intervals each of length 1/m, and they are spaced apart so that shifting by certain amounts doesn't cause overlap.

Wait, but the function is over [0,2], so the total length is 2. If we use m intervals of length L, then sum(L) = 1, so each L is 1/m. But m can be up to 2, for example.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal h is a combination of multiple intervals where h is 1, and other intervals where h is 0. Let's suppose that for a certain number of intervals, the overlap when shifted by k is minimized.

But this is getting a bit too abstract. Maybe trying to implement a different approach, such as using a different optimization library or adjusting the existing code.

In the existing code, the optimization is done with SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Perhaps using a global optimizer like differential evolution could find better solutions. But differential evolution can be slower, especially with many variables.

But given the time budget, maybe trying a different approach. For example, using a random search with a large number of trials. However, with n_points=45, that's 45 variables. For each trial, generating a random h that satisfies the sum constraint, then computing C₅. However, this is likely to be too slow for the budget.

Alternatively, trying to use a metaheuristic like simulated annealing. But again, it's uncertain how to implement this within the time constraints.

Another thought: the previous code uses a perturbation approach, but maybe the noise scale is too small. Perhaps increasing the noise scale during the early iterations to explore more of the search space, then decreasing it later to fine-tune.

Alternatively, trying to use a different starting point. For example, instead of the initial_h_values, creating a random starting point that satisfies the sum constraint. But with the initial_h_values provided, maybe using that as a starting point is better.

Wait, the current code starts from the initial_h_values and then perturbs it. The initial_h_values may already be a good approximation, so perturbing it might help find better solutions. However, if the initial guess is not good, starting from a different pattern could be better.

But given that the user mentions that initial_h_values is available, maybe the best approach is to use that as a starting point and refine it.

Another idea: in the current code, after perturbing the guess, it uses optimize.minimize with SLSQP. But maybe changing the method to another one, like COBYLA, which is suitable for bounds. Or using a different set of options.

Alternatively, using an evolutionary strategy, like covariance matrix adaptation (CMA-ES), which is good for high-dimensional optimization. However, implementing that might be complex.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization framework like skopt, which could sample promising points more efficiently. But again, integrating that within the code could be time-consuming.

Another angle: perhaps the previous code is too slow. Let's think about the time. Each iteration of the loop takes time, and with 120 iterations, it's 100s. Maybe reducing the number of iterations but making each iteration more efficient. Or using a more efficient optimization method.

Alternatively, using a simpler optimization method, like gradient descent with momentum, but that requires differentiating the objective function with respect to h. However, the objective is the max of the cross-correlation, which is non-differentiable. But maybe approximating it with a differentiable function.

But the current approach uses SLSQP, which doesn't require gradients, as it uses numerical differentiation. So perhaps not needed.

Another idea: maybe the initial guess is not good enough. Maybe generating a better initial guess. For example, designing a h that has a certain structure that is known to be good for this problem. For example, using a unimodal function or some other pattern.

But without knowing the structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to say. Assuming that the initial guess is a certain construction, but perhaps there's a better starting point.

Alternatively, trying to use multiple different starting points. For example, starting from the initial_h_values, and also from some random starting points, then choosing the best among them.

But given the time constraints, maybe the existing approach is the best, but with some tweaks.

In the existing code, the noise_scale is decreasing over iterations. Maybe adjusting this to have a larger noise scale early on to explore more, and then a smaller scale to converge.

Also, the perturbation is done with a normal distribution. What if instead, we use a different perturbation strategy, like random flipping of some values or adding a uniform noise?

Alternatively, making the perturbations more targeted. For example, for each iteration, perturbing the current best solution with a certain strategy.

Another possible improvement is to use a better method for constraint handling. The current code uses 'SLSQP' with an equality constraint on the sum of h. Maybe the constraints are being handled properly, but perhaps there are other constraints that could be added, such as bounds on individual h[i]?

Wait, the bounds for each h[i] are already [0,1], which is enforced by the 'bounds' parameter in the optimize.minimize call. So that's covered.

Another thing to consider: the current code restarts the optimization from perturbed points, but perhaps it's better to use a multi-start approach with a diverse set of starting points. However, with the time limit, this might not be feasible.

Another possible adjustment is to increase the number of iterations or the number of trials. For example, running more iterations of the optimization loop with different perturbations.

But the current code already has 120 iterations. Maybe reducing the number of iterations but increasing the noise scale to explore more. Or using a different optimization algorithm.

Another thought: the current code computes the cross-correlation and then takes the maximum. Maybe this can be optimized. For example, precomputing the cross-correlation for the current h and tracking the maximum. However, the current code already does that in the objective function.

Alternatively, precomputing the required shifts and only evaluating the necessary ones. But I'm not sure.

Another idea: the value of C₅ is the maximum over all shifts k of the integral. For a sampled function h, the maximum over the discrete shifts is not necessarily the same as the continuous maximum, but maybe considering a subset of shifts that are relevant.

But how to determine which shifts to focus on. For instance, shifts k that correspond to large overlaps. However, without knowing the function, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, trying to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation over a subset of shifts, but that might not capture the worst-case scenario.

In summary, the current approach is a local optimization starting from an initial guess, using perturbations and SLSQP. To improve upon this, perhaps:

1. Use a more global optimization method (like differential evolution or Bayesian optimization) to explore the search space more effectively.
2. Adjust the perturbation strategy to explore different regions of the parameter space more effectively.
3. Try different initial guesses, such as generating random starting points with the same sum constraint.
4. Use a different optimization algorithm with better convergence properties.

However, given the time constraints, implementing a more global optimization method might be challenging. Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. For example, precomputing all the necessary shifts and only evaluating the necessary ones.

Alternatively, using a different definition of the overlap integral. For example, precomputing for each sample point the value of 1 - h(x + k), but given that k can be any real number, it's difficult to discretize this.

Another thing to consider is that the current code uses the same h_values for each iteration. Maybe trying to use a different initialization each time, such as starting from a random permutation of the initial guess.

But again, without knowing the initial_h_values, it's hard to proceed.

Alternatively, maybe using a grid search over the possible positions of the function h(x). For example, if h is composed of a few intervals, then the positions of these intervals can be optimized.

But again, without knowing the structure, this is challenging.

In conclusion, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method or adjust the parameters to better explore the search space. For example, using the differential evolution algorithm from scipy.optimize, which is designed for global optimization and can handle the constraints.

Let me think about how to implement that. The differential evolution method can handle bounds and equality constraints, but the objective function is the max of the cross-correlation. So, maybe using a different setup.

However, in the existing code, the objective function is the max of the cross-correlation. But in differential evolution, the objective function must be differentiable or not? No, DE can work with non-differentiable functions. So it might be possible to use DE.

Another point: the current code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe switching to differential evolution could explore the search space more effectively, potentially leading to a better minimum.

Let me outline the steps:

1. Define the objective function as the maximum of the cross-correlation scaled by dx.
2. Set up the optimization problem with the constraints: sum(h) = n_points / 2, and 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1.
3. Use differential evolution to minimize the objective function.
4. Since DE can be slow for large n_points, perhaps using a lower n_points (like 45) is better.

But with the given code, the initial_h_values are 45 points. Let's try to modify the code to use differential evolution.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Differential evolution might find better solutions, especially if the initial guess is not good. However, for 45 variables, DE might be feasible within 100 seconds.

Another consideration: the differential evolution algorithm requires a population of candidate solutions. The number of iterations and population size are parameters that can affect performance.

However, given time constraints, perhaps using a simpler approach. Let's consider modifying the code to use differential evolution instead of SLSQP. But I need to make sure that the code is efficient enough.

Alternatively, combining the current approach with some global optimization. For example, using the initial guess and then running differential evolution from there.

But given the time, I'll try to proceed with this idea.

So, in the code, instead of using the SLSQP method with perturbations, I can use differential evolution. The differential evolution algorithm can handle the constraints, but requires that the objective function is computed correctly.

Wait, the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. So, in the code, the objective function would be the same as before.

However, using differential evolution may be more effective in finding a good solution. Let's adjust the code accordingly.

Another thing to note is that DE can have a higher computational cost per iteration, but with fewer iterations, it might be faster.

Let me outline the changes:

Instead of using the loop with perturbations and SLSQP, use a single call to differential evolution with the constraints.

But in the previous code, the initial guess is used as a starting point. Maybe using the initial_h_values as the initial guess for DE.

So, the code would be something like:

- Define the objective function as the max cross-correlation.
- Set up the bounds for each h[i] as [0,1].
- Set up the equality constraint that the sum of h is n_points/2.
- Use differential evolution to minimize the objective function.

But I need to check if the scipy.optimize.differential_evolution function can handle the equality constraint. The differential_evolution method doesn't support inequality constraints directly, but it can handle bounds. So, for the equality constraint, perhaps I need to use a method that supports it, like SLSQP. But that brings us back to the previous approach.

Alternatively, use a penalty method. For example, include the constraint as a penalty term in the objective function. However, this may not be as effective as using the constraints properly.

Hmm. So, perhaps the differential evolution approach is not suitable for this problem due to the equality constraint. Therefore, perhaps the SLSQP approach is better, but with tweaks.

Another possible change: using the SLSQP method with more iterations and a better perturbation strategy.

Alternatively, trying to use a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. Wait, the current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient. Maybe precomputing the necessary cross-correlation values would help, but not sure.

Another idea: instead of using the same initial guess for all iterations, use multiple starting points. For example, starting from the initial guess, but also from random perturbations. But this may not be feasible within the time.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses a loop with 120 iterations. Maybe reducing the number of iterations but increasing the noise scale to allow more exploration. For example, starting with a larger noise scale and decreasing it over time.

Alternatively, using a different method for perturbation. For instance, in each iteration, perturb only a subset of the h values, which could lead to more efficient exploration.

Given all these thoughts, the best approach might be to stick with the previous method but make some improvements. For example, adjusting the perturbation strategy and increasing the number of iterations.

Let me also think about the current code's performance. The initial code achieves a C₅ of 0.381145, and the target is 0.380876. So, there's room for improvement. Perhaps by making the perturbation more robust and using a better optimization method.

Another possible adjustment is to use a larger number of iterations. But with the time budget, the code must run for 100 seconds. The previous code uses 120 iterations with a loop, but maybe running more iterations with smaller perturbations.

Alternatively, using a different method for the optimization, like using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a local optimizer but might converge faster given a good starting point.

But without knowing the optimal parameters, it's hard to say. 

In conclusion, the current approach might be modified by tweaking the optimization parameters, using different starting points, and perhaps changing the optimization method. However, given the time constraints, perhaps the best is to proceed with the existing approach but adjust the parameters to explore better.

So, here's a plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Perturb it with added noise, but with a higher noise scale initially.
- Use the SLSQP method with more iterations or adjusted parameters.
- Track the best solution found and return it.

But to make this code fit the required output, I'll need to write the Python code accordingly. Given the previous code, I'll adjust the parameters such as the noise_scale and perhaps the number of iterations, and maybe different optimization options.

Another idea: using a different method for the optimization, but given that SLSQP is already being used, I'll stick with that.

Wait, the previous code uses 120 iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations, but reducing the noise_scale more rapidly.

Alternatively, trying to use a lower noise_scale for perturbations to refine the solution.

But to make things better, maybe using a different strategy for the perturbation. For example, instead of adding a random normal perturbation, using a uniform perturbation, or another distribution.

Alternatively, trying to use a different initial guess, such as a random one, and see if that's better.

But given the initial_h_values, it's probably better to start from there.

Another thought: the current code uses a noise_scale that decreases linearly. Maybe changing it to a different schedule, like exponential decay, which allows more exploration early on.

In the code, the line:

noise_scale = 0.03 * (1 - i / 120)

This decreases linearly. Perhaps changing it to:

noise_scale = 0.1 * (0.5 ** (i / 120))

Which would decrease more rapidly.

Alternatively, maybe increasing the noise_scale initially.

But to implement this, I'll need to adjust the code.

In addition, the current code uses the 'ftol' and 'eps' parameters. Perhaps adjusting these to allow for better convergence.

Alternatively, using more iterations.

But with the time constraint, the code must finish within 100 seconds.

Another possible improvement is to use a better method for evaluating the perturbations. For example, using a different optimization algorithm for each perturbation, like Nelder-Mead, but that might be too slow.

In conclusion, the modified code will:

- Use the same initial approach but with adjusted parameters for the noise_scale and optimization settings.

So, the code will be similar to the previous one, but with some changes in the perturbation and optimization parameters.

Thus, the final code would include these adjustments.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    for i in range(120):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        noise_scale = 0.05 * (0.8 ** i)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11, 'eps': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```