<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The user's current solution uses a gradient descent approach with some perturbations and SLSQP optimization. The previous result was 0.381144, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. 

Hmm, the existing method starts with an initial guess and then perturbs it, optimizing each time. But maybe that's getting stuck in local optima. Let me think about alternative approaches. 

What if I use a different optimization algorithm? Maybe a genetic algorithm or a more global search method? But with the time constraint of 100 seconds, maybe it's too slow. Alternatively, could I use a more efficient local optimization method, like a better initialization, or different constraints?

Wait, the problem involves minimizing the maximum of the cross-correlation. So, the function to minimize is the maximum value of the integral over shifts. The challenge is to find a step function h that minimizes this maximum.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem. Maybe using a periodic or symmetric pattern in h could help. For example, if the function h is structured in a way that overlaps with itself as little as possible when shifted.

The current approach uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe adding more global search steps would help. Or maybe using a different initial guess that's better. The user mentioned that the initial_h_values is available, so perhaps using that as a starting point is good, but maybe another initial guess could be better.

Alternatively, maybe using a simulated annealing approach, where we allow for some randomness in the search, and gradually reduce the step size. That might help escape local minima. But implementing that within the time constraints might be tricky.

Another angle: the integral is maximized over k. The cross-correlation at different shifts k. To minimize the maximum, maybe we can ensure that the function h is designed to have low overlap at all shifts. For example, if h is constructed to have certain periodicity or symmetry.

Wait, perhaps using a binary step function with certain patterns. Since the problem allows h to be a step function (though the code uses sampled values), maybe constructing a binary pattern that's spread out.

But how to translate that into a sampled array? For example, if the h is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, but arranged in a way that shifts don't cause high overlaps.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated approach like using Fourier analysis. Since the cross-correlation is related to the Fourier transform. Maybe the problem can be approached by minimizing the maximum of the Fourier coefficients? But I'm not sure how to connect that directly.

Wait, the cross-correlation can be expressed in terms of the Fourier transform. The maximum value of the cross-correlation over shifts relates to the maximum of the convolution. So perhaps there's a way to use frequency domain analysis to find a good h.

But how to model that in the optimization problem? Maybe not straightforward. Let me think again.

The current approach uses a local optimization with perturbations. Maybe I can improve this by using a better initial guess. However, the user says that initial_h_values is available, so using that is preferred.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem is better approached by using a grid search over possible h configurations, but with n_points being manageable. However, with n_points up to 1000, that's not feasible.

Another idea: since the integral is over [0,2], perhaps the optimal h is symmetric. Or maybe it's periodic. For example, if the function h is designed to be symmetric around 1, then shifting it by certain amounts would minimize the overlap.

Alternatively, using a piecewise constant function with a certain number of intervals. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into several segments where h is 1 or 0, and then optimizing the positions of these segments to minimize the maximum overlap.

But constructing such a function would require solving an optimization problem with discrete variables, which is challenging. However, maybe with a certain number of intervals, the problem can be approximated.

Wait, but the user's code uses a continuous optimization over the sampled points. So perhaps the key is to find a better optimization method.

Another thought: the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using different optimization methods could help. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method, which is a bounded optimization method, might converge better. Or trying a different combination of optimization strategies.

Alternatively, using a multi-stage optimization approach. For example, first optimizing with a global method, then a local method. But with the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Another angle: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe instead of adding random noise, using a more structured perturbation, like swapping points or adjusting certain segments.

Wait, the current code adds per-point Gaussian noise and clips the values. Maybe that's not the most effective way. Maybe using a more intelligent perturbation, like adjusting parts of the array that have high overlap.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based approach with better step sizes or using a different optimization library. For example, using CVXOPT, which is a convex optimization solver, but the problem here is non-convex because the objective is the maximum of the cross-correlation. So convex methods might not work.

Wait, but the problem isn't convex. The function to minimize is the maximum of the integrals for each shift. So, each shift's integral is a linear function in h, but taking the maximum over them makes the problem non-convex. Therefore, convex optimization methods like CVXOPT might not apply here.

So perhaps sticking with gradient-based optimization methods like SLSQP is necessary. However, maybe adjusting the parameters in the optimization can lead to better results.

Let me think about the previous code. It runs for 60 iterations, each time adding some noise and optimizing. The noise scale decreases over time. Maybe adjusting the noise scale or the number of iterations could help. Also, perhaps using a different optimization method, like COBYLA, which doesn't require gradients.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values might not be the best starting point. But the user says to use it if available. If there's an initial construction, that's probably a good starting point.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the current best solution and optimizing, perhaps using a more diverse set of initial points. However, with the time constraint, that's difficult.

Alternatively, maybe using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach, which can explore the search space more effectively. But implementing PSO in Python within the time budget might be challenging.

Alternatively, perhaps using a better way to evaluate the cross-correlation. The current code uses numpy.correlate in full mode, which might not be the most accurate. Wait, the cross-correlation is computed as the convolution of h with 1-h, but perhaps there's a more accurate or efficient way to compute the max over shifts.

Wait, the integral for each k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. But when we compute the cross-correlation, it's important to ensure that the shifts are correctly handled. For example, the maximum k could be up to 2, but the dx is 2.0 / n_points, so the shifts would be in steps of dx, but the code uses mode 'full' which gives all possible shifts. The maximum value of the cross-correlation would correspond to the maximum overlap integral over all possible shifts k.

But perhaps the code is not correctly capturing the maximum. For example, maybe some shifts are outside the range [0, 2], but the correlation in 'full' mode includes those. However, the integral is over the domain [0, 2], so when the shift k is such that x + k is outside the interval, the integral would be over the overlapping part. So the code's approach might be correct.

Another thought: the current objective function is the maximum of the correlation values, multiplied by dx. So, the code is minimizing this maximum. However, the cross-correlation values are computed for all possible shifts, and the maximum is taken. So, the code's approach is correct.

But perhaps the way the correlation is computed is causing some inaccuracies. For example, when using numpy.correlate, the result is the same as the convolution with the flipped kernel. Maybe using a different method for computing the cross-correlation would help, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, maybe the code is not computing the integrals correctly. For example, the cross-correlation in 'full' mode gives the sum over all possible x where the two signals overlap. The integral for each shift k is the sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) multiplied by dx. However, the code computes the correlation, which is a sum, and then multiplies by dx. That seems correct.

So, perhaps the problem is the optimization approach. Let me think about the previous code's parameters. It uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations, and each time it adds random perturbations. But maybe that's not the most effective way. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach to select the next point to evaluate could be better, but that would require more complex code.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For instance, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients. But that might be slower.

Wait, the current code uses 'SLSQP' which is a sequential least squares programming method, which can handle constraints. It uses a fixed number of iterations (250 per optimization step) and noise scales that decrease over time. Maybe adjusting these parameters could improve the results.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed noise scale, maybe using a different strategy for perturbation. For example, the noise could be added to the current best solution, then the optimization is run, and if it improves, keep it. But perhaps the current code is already doing that.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a bounded optimization method and might converge faster.

Wait, the current code uses method='SLSQP', but perhaps switching to 'L-BFGS-B' could be better. Let me think: the constraints are that the sum of h_values is target_sum (equality constraint), and each h[i] is between 0 and 1 (bounds). The objective is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. However, the objective function is not differentiable, which might be a problem for gradient-based methods. But the code is using the 'SLSQP' method, which requires the objective to be differentiable. However, since the maximum of a set of functions is not differentiable, the code's current approach may not be accurate. Wait, no—the code uses a function that computes the maximum of the cross-correlation values. But during the optimization, the function is evaluated, and the gradient is approximated numerically. However, for the SLSQP method, the objective function must be differentiable. So, this could be a problem.

Ah, this is a critical point. The objective function is the maximum of several linear functions (each corresponding to a shift k), and the maximum is not differentiable at points where multiple linear functions cross. Therefore, using a gradient-based method like SLSQP may not work well, as the gradients are not accurate, leading to poor convergence.

Therefore, this is a flaw in the previous approach. How can this be addressed? One way is to use a different optimization method that doesn't require gradients. For example, a genetic algorithm or a particle swarm optimization. However, those methods are typically slower and may not find the optimal solution within the time budget.

Alternatively, using a smoothed version of the maximum function. For instance, instead of taking the maximum over all shifts, we could use a penalty function that penalizes high cross-correlations, but this complicates the optimization.

Another idea: for the code to minimize the maximum, maybe we can use an approximation. For example, approximate the maximum by taking the average of the cross-correlation values, but this might not lead to the correct minimum.

Alternatively, since the maximum is over a finite list of values (for the sampled shifts), perhaps we can express the objective function as the maximum of these values. However, the problem is that the maximum is not smooth, so the gradient-based methods may not work.

So, the previous code's approach may have been problematic because it's using a non-smooth objective function with a gradient-based solver, leading to potential inaccuracies. How to fix this?

One possible solution is to use a derivative-free optimization method. For example, using the 'COBYLA' method in scipy.optimize, which handles bounds and equality constraints without requiring gradients. Let me check: scipy.optimize.minimize can use COBYLA with the method='COBYLA', which allows for bounds and constraints.

So, modifying the code to use COBYLA might be better, since it doesn't require gradient information. This could avoid the issues with the non-smooth objective.

Let me consider this. The previous code uses SLSQP, but maybe COBYLA would be better. Let's try that.

So, changing the optimization method from SLSQP to COBYLA. Then, the code would minimize the objective function (max of cross-correlation) without requiring gradients. That might lead to better convergence.

Another parameter to adjust could be the number of iterations. The current code runs for 60 iterations, each with 250 steps. But with COBYLA, perhaps fewer steps are needed.

Additionally, the previous code uses a perturbative approach, but maybe instead of perturbing and optimizing each time, using a more systematic approach. For example, optimizing for a fixed number of iterations with COBYLA, but starting from the initial guess.

Alternatively, use a multi-start approach with COBYLA, but that might take more time.

Another thought: since the objective function is the maximum of several linear functions, maybe the optimal h that minimizes this maximum is such that all shifts have their integrals equal. This is similar to the concept of a uniform solution where the cross-correlation is constant. However, this is likely not feasible, but an approximate solution could be found.

But how to enforce that in the optimization? Maybe not directly. This is a more complex approach.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum value of the cross-correlation integrals, perhaps we can model it as a minimax problem and use an iterative approach, gradually tightening the upper bound.

But again, this would require more complex code.

Back to the current code. Let's think about modifying it to use COBYLA. Let me outline the steps:

1. Use COBYLA as the optimization method, which does not require gradients.
2. Use the initial guess as the starting point.
3. Run the optimization once, with a reasonable number of iterations.
4. Perhaps run multiple optimizations from different starting points to escape local minima.

But how does this compare to the previous approach?

In the previous code, the main loop runs for 60 iterations, each time adding noise and optimizing. That might not be necessary if using a better optimizer.

Alternatively, perhaps a single optimization run with COBYLA would be sufficient. However, with the non-convex nature of the problem, starting from the initial guess may not lead to the best solution.

Another idea: since the current code is using random perturbations and a fixed number of optimization steps, maybe instead of perturbing, using a more intelligent search strategy. For example, using a grid of candidate shift values and optimizing in that space. But again, with the time constraint, this may not be feasible.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. For example, the noise scale starts at 0.025 and decreases over time. That could be a way to explore the space initially and then converge. However, with the current setup, if we switch to COBYLA, we might not need the noise perturbations.

Wait, the current code's approach is to start with an initial guess, then generate perturbed guesses by adding noise and optimizing. This is a form of simulated annealing or random search, but using a local optimizer for each perturbed guess.

But if the objective function is non-smooth, the local optimizer may not find the true minimum. Switching to COBYLA might allow the optimizer to explore the search space more effectively.

So, modifying the code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP. Let's try that.

Another thing to consider is that for the COBYLA method, the objective function must be evaluated, and the constraints are handled. The constraints are the sum of h_values equals the target_sum, and the bounds on each h[i].

So, in the code, changing the method to 'COBYLA' might yield better results.

Additionally, the previous code uses a loop for 60 iterations with perturbations, but perhaps this is redundant with COBYLA. Maybe it's better to run a single optimization run with COBYLA, starting from the initial guess, and that would give a better solution.

Alternatively, using multiple starting points, such as the initial guess and a few perturbed versions, but that may take more time.

Another point: the current code uses a constant number of iterations (250) for each optimization step. Maybe reducing that could save time, allowing more iterations. Or increasing it.

But in the COBYLA approach, the number of iterations could be controlled with the 'maxiter' parameter.

So, to summarize, the plan is to:

- Use a derivative-free optimization method like COBYLA.
- Start with the initial_h_values.
- Run a single optimization run with a reasonable number of iterations.
- Possibly run multiple initializations or perturbations.

But since the code needs to run within 100 seconds, using a single optimization run might be sufficient.

Another possible improvement: instead of using the initial_h_values directly, maybe creating a better initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values might not be optimal. However, the user says to use it if available, so we can't change that.

Another idea: instead of using random perturbations, perhaps use a more structured approach for the initial guess. For example, spreading the 1s and 0s in a certain pattern. However, without knowing the exact structure, this is hard.

Putting it all together, the modified code would replace the SLSQP method with COBYLA, and perhaps reduce the number of iterations. Let me think about parameters. The COBYLA method has parameters like maxiter, which could be set to a higher value, but with the time constraint, it's important to balance.

Another point: the code's current evaluation of the maximum cross-correlation could be inaccurate due to the nature of the numpy.correlate function. Perhaps using a more precise method. However, for the purposes of this problem, the current approach is likely sufficient.

So, adjusting the code to use COBYLA. Let me outline the steps in code:

- Define the objective function as before.
- Define the constraint_sum as before.
- Use COBYLA method in scipy.optimize.minimize.
- Run this once, starting from the initial guess.
- If possible, try multiple starting points.

But if time is tight, using a single optimization may be better.

Alternatively, run the COBYLA optimization multiple times with different starting points.

But again, with time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to switch the optimization method and see if that leads to better results.

Another possible adjustment: use a larger number of samples. Wait, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The initial_h_values is 45 points, which is small. Maybe increasing the number of points could lead to a better solution. However, the current code is using n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 45. But if the user allows for larger n_points, it might help.

Wait, the problem says "Smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred - they are faster to optimize and evaluate." So, the code is using 45 points, which is acceptable.

So, sticking to n_points = 45.

Putting this into code:

Modify the code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP. Also, perhaps adjusting the number of iterations. Let me write that.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a loop that runs for 60 iterations, each time adding a perturbed guess and optimizing. With COBYLA, perhaps this loop can be removed, and a single optimization run is sufficient. However, without knowing the quality of the initial guess, it's safer to run multiple optimizations from different starting points.

But with the code's current structure, it's hard to do that within the time. So maybe replacing the loop with a single optimization step using COBYLA.

Alternatively, using a combination: run COBYLA once, then do some perturbations and optimize again.

But given time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to switch to COBYLA and see.

Another thing: the constraint_sum is an equality constraint. The COBYLA method can handle this.

So, modifying the code to use method='COBYLA' in minimize.

Let me draft this.

Also, including some hyperparameters tuning. For example, setting maxiter to 100, ftol to 1e-6, etc.

Additionally, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (250) and noise scale. Changing this to use COBYLA may remove the need for those steps.

So, the revised code would:

- Use method='COBYLA' in the optimize.minimize call.
- Possibly reduce the number of iterations (e.g., maxiter=100).
- Not use the loop of 60 iterations with perturbations.

But how to ensure that the optimization is thorough enough? If the initial guess is good, a single optimization run may be sufficient.

Alternatively, if the initial guess is not good enough, perturbing it could help.

But again, time is limited.

So, let's try this approach. Let's rewrite the code, using COBYLA and a single optimization step.

But also, maybe adding some random perturbation to the initial guess before optimizing. For example, perturbing the initial guess a bit and then optimizing. This would allow the optimizer to explore more of the search space.

So, in code:

- Take the initial guess.
- Add some noise to it (but not too much).
- Optimize with COBYLA.
- Compare with the original initial guess.
- Take the better solution.

This would be a two-step process: one optimization run with a perturbed initial guess.

But perhaps this is better than the previous approach.

So, the revised code would look like:

def run(...):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    ...
    initial_guess = ...
    perturb = np.random.normal(0, 0.02, size=n_points)
    perturbed_guess = np.clip(initial_guess + perturb, 0, 1)
    result = optimize.minimize(..., method='COBYLA', ...)

This would be a single optimization run.

But if this is not sufficient, maybe multiple runs.

But given the 100-second budget, it's worth trying.

Another idea: using multiple starting points, each generated by adding a different random perturbation to the initial guess.

But with the time, this may be feasible.

In the current code, the previous approach uses 60 iterations of perturb and optimize. Now, using COBYLA may allow running fewer iterations, but more exploration.

However, with the previous code's approach, after 60 iterations, the solution may already be quite good.

So, switching to COBYLA and using a single run with a perturbed initial guess might be better.

But how to implement this.

Another thing: the previous code uses 'SLSQP' with 250 iterations and a noise scale that decreases. For COBYLA, the number of iterations may be controlled with maxiter.

Putting this together:

The revised code would replace the SLSQP method with COBYLA and remove the loop over 60 iterations, instead using a single optimization.

This is a significant change. Let's proceed.

Now, testing this approach, perhaps it would find a better solution.

Another possible adjustment: using more aggressive perturbations initially, then smaller ones.

But again, time is limited.

So, the revised code is as follows:

Import scipy.optimize, np.

Define run function:

def run(...):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    # Add some perturbation to the initial guess
    perturb = np.random.normal(0, 0.02, size=n_points)
    perturbed_guess = np.clip(initial_guess + perturb, 0, 1)
    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=perturbed_guess,
        method='COBYLA',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 100, 'disp': False}
    )
    if result.success:
        current_c5 = objective(result.x)
        if current_c5 < best_c5:
            best_c5 = current_c5
            best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

This is a simplified version, but it replaces the previous loop with a single optimization step using COBYLA.

But perhaps adding multiple perturbations and optimizations.

Alternatively, trying several different perturbations and selecting the best.

But within the time, it's better to try this approach.

Another consideration: the COBYLA method might take longer to converge, but it's more robust for non-smooth objectives.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with a different setup. But the previous approach had issues with the non-smooth objective.

So, switching to COBYLA is likely better.

Now, putting this into code.

But another thing: the previous code uses a loop to run 60 times, each time perturbing and optimizing. If we replace that with a single optimization, perhaps we don't need to do that. But if the initial guess is not good, maybe it's better to run multiple optimizations.

But in the revised code, we only do one. To make it robust, we can run several times with different perturbations.

But with time constraints, it's better to try that.

So, within the budget, we can run for, say, 10 different perturbations and take the best result.

But how to code that.

In the previous code, the loop runs 60 times, but if we change that to run, say, 10 times with different perturbations, each time optimizing.

But that may take more time, but with COBYLA's efficiency, it might be feasible.

So, revising the code:

for _ in range(10):
    if time exceeds budget, break
    perturb...
    optimize...
    compare...

This would allow exploring multiple perturbations.

But in the previous code's example, the loop ran 60 times, which may be slower than needed.

But since COBYLA is perhaps more efficient, this could be feasible.

So, modifying the code to run multiple optimizations from different starting points.

Putting this together:

def run(...):
    ...
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    for _ in range(10):  # try 10 different perturbations
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, 0.02, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(initial_guess + perturb, 0, 1)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'disp': False}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

This would run 10 optimizations with different perturbations, each time using COBYLA. This may find a better solution than the previous approach.

Furthermore, increasing the number of iterations for COBYLA (maxiter) may help. For example, setting maxiter=200 instead of 100.

Another consideration: the initial perturbation's noise scale. Maybe 0.02 is too large or too small. But the previous code used a decreasing noise scale, which may have been helping the exploration.

Alternatively, use a larger noise scale initially and decrease it over time.

But with the code's current structure, it's difficult to implement that. So for simplicity, using a fixed noise scale may be better.

Putting all together, this approach may yield a better result.

So, the revised code uses COBYLA with multiple perturbations, which should be more effective than the previous SLSQP with perturbations.

This is the plan. Now, I need to code this into the required format.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    for _ in range(15):  # Try 15 perturbed initializations
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        noise_scale = 0.02 if _ < 3 else 0.01  # Start with more exploration
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(initial_guess + perturb, 0, 1)
        
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 120, 'disp': False}
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```