<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find a better upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code uses a SLSQP optimizer with random perturbations starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a way to improve this.

Hmm, the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The key is to design a step function h that has low overlap when shifted by different k. The integral for each shift k is the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k. The maximum of these integrals is C₅.

The previous approach used a random perturbation around a starting point. Perhaps that's getting stuck in local minima. Maybe I should try different optimization strategies. Like, maybe using a more global optimization method or better initial points.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe there's a better way. Could I generate multiple initial points and try them all? Or use a different type of optimization, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing? But the problem is time constraints—only 100 seconds. So a genetic algorithm might be too slow unless optimized.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is a max over different k, maybe there's a way to balance the integrals for different shifts. The previous approach uses a single objective function that's the max of the integrals. Maybe I should consider the worst-case scenario and try to minimize that.

Alternatively, could I use a convex optimization approach? But the problem is non-convex because of the max function. However, maybe relaxing it to a convex problem would help. But not sure.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe the issue is that the perturbations aren't sufficient to explore the space. Perhaps instead of adding random noise, I should use a different perturbation strategy, like a local search with more structured moves. Or use a different optimization method, like Nelder-Mead, which can handle non-smooth functions better.

Alternatively, maybe a better way to construct h is by using a periodic or symmetric pattern. For example, if the function h is symmetric around 1, maybe that helps balance the overlaps. Or maybe using a piecewise constant function with certain intervals.

Another thought: the integral for a shift k can be written as the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)). For the maximum over k, this depends on the shape of h. If h is designed so that for any shift k, the overlap is as small as possible, then C₅ is minimized.

The previous code uses a fixed number of samples, n_points=45. Maybe increasing n_points would allow for more precise optimization, but the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. However, maybe the initial approach is using n_points=45, and the user wants to check if a larger n_points can yield better results. But given the time budget, perhaps it's better to stick with smaller n_points.

Wait, the code's initial_h_values has n_points=len(initial_h_values). But the problem says that the user wants to try other starting points. So perhaps generating a different initial guess could lead to a better result. For example, starting with a more evenly spaced function.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess. Let me think about how to generate a good initial guess. For example, the current initial_h_values might be a specific construction. Maybe there's a known optimal or near-optimal construction that can be used. But without access to that, I need to think of a way to generate a good initial guess.

Another idea: maybe the function h should be designed to have certain properties. For example, if the function h is such that it's 1 over some intervals and 0 elsewhere, but arranged in a way that shifting it doesn't create much overlap. However, the integral constraint requires that the total area is 1. So, for example, if h is 1 over a region of length 1, and 0 elsewhere, then the overlap integrals would be the area of overlap between the region and its shift. But that's a very simple case. However, such a function may not be optimal.

But perhaps a more complex function with multiple regions can be better. For example, if h is a step function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that the overlap with shifted versions is minimized. However, how to design that?

Alternatively, maybe using a function with high symmetry. Like, making h(x) symmetric around 1, so that when shifted by certain amounts, the overlap is less. Or using a function that's periodic with a period that divides the interval [0,2], which could be useful for shifts.

But I'm not sure. Maybe it's better to focus on modifying the existing code to improve the optimization.

The previous approach uses a loop with 120 iterations, each time perturbing the current best guess and minimizing. The problem is that this is a local search and may converge to a local minimum. Perhaps trying different initial points would help.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using genetic algorithms (GA) might explore the search space more effectively. But GA is not straightforward to implement in the given time. Also, considering that the code needs to be concise and fit into the character limit, perhaps it's better to stick with a gradient-based method but improve the perturbation strategy.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe the constraints are too tight, leading to suboptimal solutions. Or perhaps the objective function is not well-suited for the solver. Maybe reparameterizing the problem could help.

Another thing to consider: the time budget. The code runs for 100 seconds. The previous code does 120 iterations, each with an optimization that takes some time. Maybe reducing the number of iterations but increasing the per-iteration optimization steps could help, or vice versa.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method which handles bounds but not constraints. Wait, but the problem has a constraint that sum(h) must be n_points / 2. So, the constraint is an equality constraint.

But perhaps using a different method. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP, which can handle both equality constraints and bounds. Maybe switching to another method like L-BFGS-B with a penalty method? Or using a different solver like IPOPT, but that requires installing additional libraries. The problem states that scipy, numpy, and cvxpy are allowed, but the previous code uses scipy.optimize.

Another thought: the current approach uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe instead of perturbing each time, using a gradient-based approach to find a direction that reduces the maximum overlap. However, since the objective is the max of several integrals, it's non-smooth, making gradient-based methods difficult.

Wait, maybe the previous code's main issue is that it's not exploring the search space thoroughly. Perhaps using a more global optimization approach. But given the time constraints, maybe a better way is to use a more efficient perturbation strategy.

Alternatively, precompute all possible shifts and try to minimize the maximum integral. But how to do that? Maybe the current code's objective is correctly computing the maximum over all k, but maybe there's a way to exploit that.

Another idea: instead of using random perturbations, maybe use a grid search or some structured perturbation. For example, during the optimization steps, perturbing specific parts of the function that contribute most to the overlap.

Alternatively, using an adaptive approach. For example, during the optimization steps, the algorithm could focus on the worst shifts (the ones that contribute the most to the maximum C₅) and adjust the function to minimize those.

But how to implement that? Maybe during each iteration, compute which shifts are causing the maximum overlap and then adjust the function to reduce those.

But that would require more computation. Let's think about the code structure. The current code computes the maximum of the cross-correlation, which is the same as the maximum overlap for all shifts. So, for each candidate h, the code finds the maximum of these integrals.

So, the problem is to minimize this maximum. So, during the optimization, perhaps we can track which shifts are causing the maximum and adjust the function to reduce those.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be approximated by focusing on a few critical shifts. For example, if we can find the shifts k where the overlap is the largest and try to minimize those.

But implementing that would require knowing which shifts are important, which may be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, the code could use a different objective function that penalizes the largest overlaps. For example, instead of directly minimizing the maximum, use a sum of the overlaps raised to some power. But the original problem is to minimize the maximum.

Hmm. Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the current code by using a different optimization method, or adjusting the perturbation strategy, or trying a different initial guess.

Another idea: since the initial H is given, maybe generate multiple initial guesses by modifying the initial_h_values in different ways. For example, inverting some parts of it, or shifting certain intervals. Then, run the optimizer on each of these, and choose the best result.

But how to generate those modifications? For example, swap certain values, or mirror the function. But without knowing the exact structure of initial_h_values, it's difficult to modify it meaningfully.

Alternatively, if the initial_h_values is a known construction, maybe there's a way to improve upon it. For example, if it's a 45-point step function with certain intervals, perhaps tweaking those intervals could help.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different number of points. The current code uses len(initial_h_values) which is 45. Maybe trying a larger n_points could allow for a better approximation, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. However, the time budget may allow for a slightly larger n_points if the per-iteration cost is manageable.

Another approach: instead of using a fixed starting point, generate several starting points, each with different structures, and run the optimization on each. For example, one could start with a uniform distribution (but that would violate the integral constraint), or start with a function that has blocks of 1 and 0 arranged in a certain pattern.

Alternatively, maybe a better initial guess is a function that's designed to be periodic or symmetric. For example, a function that has equal parts of 1 and 0, arranged in a symmetric way. However, how to construct that?

Another idea: use a greedy approach. Start by placing the function h such that the integral over [0,2] is 1, and iteratively adjust the positions of the steps to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, starting with a uniform distribution, then adjusting the values to reduce overlaps.

But this is vague. Let's think about the code again. The previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe changing the optimization method or adjusting the parameters could help. For example, the previous code uses ftol=1e-10, which is very tight. Maybe relaxing that would allow faster convergence.

Alternatively, using a different solver, like SLSQP with a different tolerance. Or using the Nelder-Mead method which doesn't require gradients. However, the Nelder-Mead method might not be as effective for this problem.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses random noise for perturbation. But perhaps instead of random noise, using a more structured perturbation, like adjusting only certain parts of the function. For example, swapping values between intervals that contribute to high overlaps.

But without knowing which parts of the function are causing high overlaps, it's hard to design such a perturbation. However, during the evaluation, the code computes the maximum overlap, so perhaps during the iterations, the code could track which shifts are causing the maximum and focus on reducing those.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the search space more efficiently, but that would require more complex code and may not fit into the time constraints.

Another possibility: since the integral for each shift k depends on the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k, maybe the key is to ensure that for all shifts k, the overlap is low. Since the function h is a step function, this might be achievable by making sure that the function has certain properties. For example, if h(x) is 1 for x in [a, b] and 0 elsewhere, then the overlap for a shift k would be the overlap between [a, b] and [a -k, b -k]. But this is for a single interval, and the integral constraint would require that the length of [a,b] is 1, so the overlap would depend on the overlap between these intervals. But this is not the optimal solution.

But maybe a more complex function with multiple steps could help. For example, if h(x) is a union of intervals, each of length 1/n, such that the total area is 1. However, designing such a function is non-trivial.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs for certain k values, like k=0, which is not possible since h(x) is multiplied by 1-h(x+k). Wait, when k=0, the overlap is the integral of h(x)(1-h(x)), which is the integral of h(x)(1-h(x)). Since h(x) is between 0 and 1, this is minimized when h(x) is as close to 0.5 as possible. But the integral of h(x) is 1, so maybe the overlap for k=0 is not the main concern. However, when k approaches certain values, the overlap could be larger.

But without knowing the exact structure of the function, it's hard to proceed.

Given that the previous code's C₅ is 0.381145, which is slightly higher than the target of 0.380876, perhaps there's a way to tweak the initial guess or the optimization process to find a better solution.

Maybe the problem is that the initial guess is not optimal. So, perhaps generating a new initial guess that's better than the provided one. For example, using a different construction method to generate the initial h_values.

For example, suppose we divide the interval [0,2] into equal parts and set the function h to 1 for certain intervals such that the sum is 1. For instance, if we have m intervals of length dx, then set h[i] = 1 for m intervals, and 0 otherwise. However, this would require that m * dx = 1. So, for example, if n_points is even, say 2m, then m intervals of length 2/(2m)=1/m. Wait, but the sum of h would be m * dx = m * (2/n_points) = m * (2/(2m)) = 1. So that works.

For example, if n_points is 45, which is odd, maybe that's not suitable. But if we have even n_points, say n=44, then m=22 intervals of length 1/22. But this is a very basic construction. However, the overlap for this would be zero for certain shifts. But I'm not sure if this is the best approach.

Alternatively, maybe using a more complex construction, like the one used in previous work. But since I can't refer to that, I need to think of a way to generate a good initial guess.

Another idea: the initial_h_values is provided. Maybe there's a way to modify it by reversing certain parts, or using a different pattern. For example, if the initial_h_values is a step function with certain periodicity, perhaps modifying it by adding some noise or adjusting the steps.

But without knowing the structure of initial_h_values, it's difficult to proceed. However, since the problem allows using the initial_h_values directly, perhaps it's better to start from there.

So, returning to the previous code, the main issues might be:

1. The optimization method can get stuck in local minima.
2. The perturbations are random, which might not be efficient.
3. The number of iterations may not be optimal.

To address these, perhaps modifying the code to use a different optimization method, or using a more directed perturbation.

An alternative approach: instead of using a single starting point, generate multiple initial guesses by varying the initial_h_values in different ways. For example, for each candidate initial guess, apply a small perturbation, and run the optimization. This would increase the chances of finding a better solution.

But given the time constraints, this might not be feasible. However, perhaps the code can be modified to try a few different initializations.

Another thing: the current code runs 120 iterations, each with a new perturbation. Maybe reducing the number of iterations but increasing the number of steps in each optimization could help. For example, increasing the maxiter in the optimize.minimize call.

Alternatively, using a different method like the Trust-Constr algorithm, which is more robust for constrained problems.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, first use a global method to find a good initial guess, then refine with local optimization. But again, time is limited.

Another idea: since the overlap integral for each shift can be expressed as a convolution, maybe there's a way to approximate the problem using Fourier analysis. The max overlap could be related to the maximum of the Fourier coefficients. But I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Alternatively, since the problem involves maximizing the overlap over shifts, which is similar to the max norm of the cross-correlation. Maybe using a different approach to approximate that maximum.

But this seems too abstract for the current code.

Perhaps the best way is to improve the current code by:

- Using a different optimization method, like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, which might handle the bounds more effectively.
- Adjusting the perturbation strategy to focus on areas that are likely to improve the overlap.
- Using a better initial guess, possibly by constructing it in a more optimal way.

But without knowing the initial guess's structure, it's hard to create a better one. So maybe the code can be modified to start from the initial guess and try different optimization strategies.

For example, in the previous code, the initial guess is a fixed point. Maybe instead of adding random noise, using a more strategic perturbation that targets the worst-case overlaps. But how to determine that?

Another thought: the current code uses the max of the cross-correlation. Perhaps precomputing the indices of the maximum values and focusing on minimizing those specific shifts during the optimization. For example, during each iteration, the code can focus on reducing the overlap for the worst shift.

But again, implementing that would require modifying the objective function or the optimization process.

Given the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimizer, like the 'Nelder-Mead' method, with a better initial guess, and track the best solution so far.

Alternatively, increasing the number of iterations but making each iteration faster. For example, reducing the number of steps per optimization.

Another possible improvement is to use a hybrid approach. For example, first using a genetic algorithm to find a decent initial guess, then using local optimization to refine it. But implementing a GA would require more code and time, which might not fit the budget.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method but with a relaxation of some parameters. For example, adjusting 'ftol' to a higher value to allow quicker convergence.

In the previous code, the 'ftol' is set to 1e-10, but maybe relaxing this could give faster convergence.

Also, the 'eps' parameter is set to 1e-9, which might be too tight.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, the objective function is not smooth. Therefore, the gradient-based methods like SLSQP may not be effective. Perhaps using a different approach, like the 'trust-constr' method, which is more robust for constrained optimization.

But I'm not sure about the details. Let's think: the current code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with method 'SLSQP'. Maybe switching to 'trust-constr' might work better.

Alternatively, use a penalty method, turning the constraint into a penalty term. For example, adding a penalty to the objective function for deviations from the constraint. But this would modify the objective function.

In any case, modifying the code to use a different optimization method might help.

Another thought: the current code uses the same initial guess for all iterations. Perhaps using a better initial guess. For example, if the initial guess is not optimal, then starting from a better one would lead to better results. But how to generate a better initial guess without knowing the structure of the current one?

Given the previous code uses the initial_h_values, perhaps it's possible that this initial guess is not the best. So, generating a new initial guess that is better might help. But how?

As an example, for a small n_points, like 45, perhaps we can construct a fair distribution of 1s and 0s. For instance, distributing the 1s evenly across the interval [0,2], ensuring that the integral is 1. This could be done by placing 1s in certain intervals that are spaced apart to minimize overlap when shifted.

But again, without knowing the structure of the initial_h_values, this is speculative.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial_h_values is a known construction that can be modified. For example, if it's a specific pattern of steps that can be adjusted to reduce the overlaps.

But without specific knowledge, it's hard to proceed.

In conclusion, the main things to try are:

1. Change the optimization method to a more suitable one, like 'trust-constr'.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization to allow for better convergence.
3. Use a different initial guess than the provided one.
4. Modify the perturbation strategy to explore the search space more effectively.

Considering all this, the modified code would replace the previous SLSQP method with a better one and possibly adjust the perturbations. Alternatively, switch to a different optimization strategy.

Another idea: since the previous code uses a loop of 120 iterations, each with a perturbation and optimization, maybe reducing the number of iterations but increasing the per-iteration optimization steps. Alternatively, using an adaptive method where the step size is adjusted based on the progress.

However, given the time, I'll proceed with modifying the code to use a different optimization method, like 'trust-constr', which is available in scipy.optimize. Also, adjusting the parameters to get better results.

Additionally, adjusting the perturbation to be more effective. For example, instead of adding random noise, using a more structured perturbation, like swapping values or shifting certain intervals.

But to keep the code compact, perhaps just changing the method and parameters. So, here's the idea: use scipy.optimize.minimize with method 'trust-constr', which is designed for constrained optimization and might handle the problem better. Also, using the same initial guess but with modified parameters.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    for i in range(60):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        noise_scale = 0.015 * (1 - i / 60)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8, 'disp': False}
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```