<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and we need to get lower than that, ideally below 0.380876.

The previous approach used a hill-climbing method with perturbations and SLSQP optimization. But maybe that's too slow or not efficient enough. Let's think of better ways.

First, understanding the problem: we need to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by k. The overlap integral for each shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx, and C₅ is the maximum of these over all k.

The key is to model this as an optimization problem where we minimize the maximum of these integrals. However, directly optimizing this is challenging because it's a maximin problem. But maybe we can approximate it with some constraints.

The previous code used a local search, starting from an initial guess and perturbing. Maybe we can do better with a different optimization strategy. For example, using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing? Or maybe a more global optimization approach with better convergence.

Alternatively, think about the structure of the optimal function h. Since we're dealing with shifts by k (which could be any real number), but in the discretization, it's based on the sample points. The function h is piecewise constant, so perhaps there's a structure in the optimal h that we can exploit.

Another thought: The problem is similar to minimizing the maximum of several functions, which can be handled by a convex relaxation. However, the integrals are non-convex, making it hard. Maybe we can approximate the problem by discretizing the shifts and using a convex optimization approach.

Wait, the current code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. If we get stuck in a local minimum, the solution might not be optimal. So, perhaps we need a different approach to escape local optima.

Alternatively, maybe we can model this as a problem where we minimize the maximum over k of the integral, and use a method like coordinate descent or gradient-based optimization with a better initialization.

Another angle: The overlap integral for a shift k is essentially the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x+k)) dx. Since the integral is over x, the overlap depends on how much of h is overlapping with 1 - h shifted by k. To minimize the maximum of these, we need h to be as "spread out" as possible, such that overlapping with shifted versions is minimized.

Maybe the optimal h has a periodic structure, or alternates between 0 and 1 in some way. But given the integral constraint, it's not just a simple periodic function.

Another idea: Let's consider the previous initial_h_values. Maybe that's a good starting point, but perhaps we can find a better initialization. For example, using a more optimal initial guess, like a function that distributes the mass evenly over the interval, but with some adjustments.

Alternatively, we can try to use a different optimization method. For example, using a genetic algorithm where the population is made of h functions, and we evolve them by crossover and mutation. However, with the time constraints (100 seconds), this might be slow.

But the code has to run within 100 seconds. Let's think about how to make the optimization more efficient. Maybe using a more efficient optimizer, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex method, or COBYLA, which doesn't require gradients. But for high-dimensional problems, these might not be as effective.

Alternatively, perhaps we can use a Bayesian optimization approach, which explores the search space more efficiently. However, integrating that into the code might be complex.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a different constraint formulation. For example, instead of minimizing the maximum integral, we can introduce a variable M and minimize M subject to the constraint that for all k, the integral is ≤ M. However, this makes the problem more complex, as the number of constraints (for all k) is infinite. But with the discretization, we can approximate by checking a subset of k's. However, the problem is that the number of possible k's is large, and checking them all would be computationally expensive.

But in the current code, the evaluation is done using np.correlate, which computes the convolution. The maximum of the correlation gives the maximum overlap. So, for a given h, the C₅ is the maximum over all possible k of the integral. But in practice, when discretizing, we can sample k's as the shifts between the sample points.

Wait, in the code, the correlation is calculated with mode='full', which gives all possible shifts. So for an h with n_points samples, the correlation will have length 2n_points - 1. The maximum of these values, multiplied by dx, is the C₅. However, this is for all possible shifts, which are discrete in the discretized version.

So the problem is to minimize the maximum of these integrals. Thus, the key is to find h that minimizes this maximum.

Another idea: Maybe the optimal function h is symmetric in some way, or has certain properties that can be modeled. For example, if h is a step function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a balanced way, such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. But how to model this?

Alternatively, perhaps we can use a more structured initial guess. For instance, if we can find a better initial guess than the current initial_h_values, we might get better results. Maybe using a different initial construction, like a more spread-out function.

But the problem states that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So we have to start from that. However, maybe there are better initial points. Let's think about the current initial_h_values. Wait, I don't know what it is, but the user says the previous program used it. So we can assume it's a starting point, perhaps a construction with 45 points.

Let me think about the approach taken in the previous code. It uses a local search with perturbations and SLSQP. It does 60 iterations, each with a noisy perturbation of the current best solution. The optimization is done using SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. So if the initial guess isn't good, the solution might not be optimal.

An alternative approach might be to use a global optimization method, like a genetic algorithm, which can explore the search space more thoroughly. However, genetic algorithms are computationally intensive. With 100 seconds, perhaps this is feasible for a 45-point problem.

But how to implement this efficiently? Let's think. For a genetic algorithm, each 'individual' is a vector of h_values. The fitness function is the C₅ value, and we want to minimize it. The steps would be: create a population of h vectors, evaluate their C₅, select the best, perform crossover and mutation to generate new individuals, and repeat for a number of generations.

But even with 45 variables, this might be slow. But perhaps with a small population and fast evaluations, it's possible.

Alternatively, we can use a gradient-based method with a more global optimization strategy. For example, using LBFGS with a trust region method. But again, the problem is that the function might have many local minima.

Another thought: The previous code uses a few iterations of perturbation. Maybe instead, we can try to use a more systematic approach, like varying the parameters of the initial guess. For example, perhaps the current initial guess is not optimal, but by applying some transformations (like scaling, shifting, or varying the number of segments), we can find a better initial guess.

Alternatively, perhaps the current code can be improved by using a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method which handles bounds and constraints better. Or maybe using the SLSQP method with different parameters.

Wait, in the previous code, the optimization is done with SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe we can try using a different method, like Powell's method, which is another local optimizer. Or maybe a combination of methods.

Another idea: Since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, perhaps we can model this as a convex optimization problem. For example, we can introduce variables for each possible k, and set up constraints that the integral for each k is ≤ M, then minimize M. However, this is a semi-infinite optimization problem. The case for the discrete shifts would be handling discrete k's, which is manageable. But with the number of k's being large, even that is challenging.

But given that the code uses the np.correlate method, which gives all possible shifts, perhaps we can sample a subset of k's and use that as constraints. However, this would be an approximation and might not capture the true maximum.

Alternatively, consider using a grid search over possible shifts. But again, this isn't directly applicable.

Another thought: Maybe the problem can be reformulated using Fourier analysis. The overlap integral can be expressed in terms of the Fourier transform of h and 1-h. However, since h is a step function, its Fourier transform is a sum of sinc functions, but the exact expression might be complex. This might not lead to a straightforward optimization.

Alternatively, think of this as an optimal control problem where we want to choose h(x) to minimize the worst-case overlap. But again, this is abstract.

Let's think about the previous code's limitations. The code starts from an initial guess and does local perturbation, but might not explore the space effectively. Maybe instead of using a simple perturbation, we can use a more structured way to generate new candidate solutions.

For example, instead of adding Gaussian noise, we could apply a transformation that modifies the function in a way that might lead to better overlap. For instance, maybe swapping certain segments between high and low values, or adjusting the positions where h(x) is 1 or 0.

Another idea: Use a multistart approach with different initializations. For example, generate multiple initial guesses based on the initial_h_values, and run several optimizations from each, then pick the best result.

Alternatively, use a particle swarm optimization (PSO) method, which can explore the search space more globally. But again, this depends on the time available.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps a better approach is to use the existing optimization framework but improve the hyperparameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations, adjusting the noise scale, or using a different optimization method.

Looking at the previous code: it runs 60 iterations, each with a perturbation that decreases over time. The perturbation noise scale starts at 0.025 and decreases linearly. The optimization is done with SLSQP, with maxiter=250 and ftol=1e-10. However, perhaps the number of iterations can be increased, or the noise scale adjusted to allow more exploration initially.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a different method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't rely on gradients and might handle the problem better.

Another thought: The problem has a constraint that the integral of h is 1. This is a linear constraint. The function to minimize is the maximum of several integrals, which is non-convex. So perhaps, we can approximate the problem by considering a subset of the k's and modifying the constraints accordingly. However, this might not yield the global minimum.

Alternatively, let's think about the evaluation of C₅. The code uses the full convolution of h and 1-h, which gives the correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum of these values (after scaling by dx) is the C₅. However, this is for all possible shifts, which could be very high-dimensional. But with the discretized h, the possible shifts are limited to those where the overlap makes sense. Perhaps, instead of considering all shifts, we can sample a subset that's likely to be critical for the maximum, thereby reducing the computational load.

But the current code uses all possible shifts, which might be computationally expensive. However, since the h is a vector of size n_points, the convolution gives 2n_points-1 values. For n_points=45, that's 89 values. So for each evaluation of C₅, we compute all these and take the max. Not too bad.

Now, the key is to find a way to efficiently explore the search space for h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The previous approach is a local search that might not find the global minimum. To improve, maybe we need to use a more robust optimization method or tweak the algorithm.

Another idea: Use a trust-region method, which is more robust to local optima. Or use a Bayesian optimization approach to sample promising areas of the search space.

But implementing these from scratch is time-consuming. Alternatively, perhaps we can use a different optimization method in scipy. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with Box constraints, which might be more efficient.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a multi-objective optimization approach, but this complicates things.

Let me think about the code structure again. The run function takes a seed and budget. The previous code uses an initial guess and then iteratively perturbs it, optimizing with SLSQP. The current approach might be stuck in local minima. So, perhaps to avoid this, we can use a different starting point or vary the starting points.

But the user says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So we can't change that. However, maybe we can generate multiple different starting points based on the initial guess and optimize each one, then select the best.

Alternatively, use a more global optimization approach for the first few steps and then switch to local optimization.

Another idea: Use a combination of random restarts and local optimization. For example, generate several random initial guesses (based on the initial_h_values), run a local optimization from each, and pick the best. However, this would take more time.

But given the time budget, maybe this is feasible. For example, doing a few random restarts with different perturbations, and then performing local optimization on each.

But the previous code already does some perturbations, but in a fixed manner. Perhaps varying the perturbation strategy could help.

Alternatively, use a more sophisticated perturbation, like using different noise scales for different parts of the function or applying structured changes to the step function.

Another thing: The constraint is that the sum of h is exactly n_points/2, which is the same as the integral over [0,2] being 1. So the optimization problem is constrained. The previous code uses an equality constraint for the sum, which is correct.

Another possible optimization: Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of several integrals, perhaps we can use a convex relaxation by approximating the maximum with a single constraint. For example, adding a M such that for all k, the integral is <= M, then minimize M. However, this introduces an additional variable and multiple constraints, which is not feasible directly. But with the discretized shifts, we can approximate this by checking a subset of shifts. However, this would be an approximation.

But this is not feasible with the current code setup. However, if we can find a way to model this, perhaps via a convex optimization method, it might yield better results.

Alternatively, since the current code uses the full convolution, we can consider that the maximum is over all possible shifts. But in practice, for the function h, the maximum occurs for certain shifts (possibly integer multiples or specific fractions of the interval). So, perhaps by focusing on those shifts, we can reduce the number of constraints.

But I'm not sure how to implement this without knowing the specific shifts that are critical.

Another approach: Let's think about the function h(x) as a set of intervals where h(x) is 0 or 1. Then, the overlap integral for a shift k would be the measure of x where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. So, the problem becomes distributing the 1's (or 0's) in such a way that no shift results in a large overlap.

This is similar to the problem of distributing points to minimize the maximum overlap with shifted versions. This may be similar to the concept of a "covering code" or "covering set" in coding theory, but with continuous variables.

In this context, maybe the optimal h is a set of intervals where the 1's are placed in a way that they don't overlap too much when shifted. For example, if h is a periodic function with certain spacing, then shifting by certain amounts would lead to minimal overlap.

But how to model this? For example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into equal parts and set h(x) to 1 for a certain number of segments, the overlap would be determined by the distance between these segments. However, this is a simple approach and might not yield the optimal solution.

Alternatively, consider that the optimal h has certain symmetries, like being periodic or having rotational symmetry, which could help in minimizing the maximum overlap.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to proceed. So perhaps the best approach is to improve the existing code's optimization method.

Looking back at the previous code: It uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe we can allow more iterations or use a different optimization method. Also, the perturbation noise scale decreases linearly. Perhaps adjusting the noise scale to vary differently, or using larger perturbations in the initial stages to explore the search space more.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient optimization algorithm. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method which is derivative-free and might be more robust.

Let me think about the code modifications. Perhaps changing the method to 'Nelder-Mead' in the minimize function, and adjusting the parameters.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method but with different parameters, like increasing the maxiter or adjusting the tolerance.

Another idea: In the current code, after each perturbation, it re-optimizes the perturbed guess. Perhaps this is not the most efficient way. Instead, after a certain number of steps, could we do a more global search, like a random walk in the parameter space, to ensure that we don't get stuck in a local minimum?

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: initial random search followed by local optimization.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to tweak the existing code's parameters to see if it yields better results.

So, considering all this, perhaps the plan is to modify the existing code as follows:

1. Use a different optimization method, such as 'Nelder-Mead' instead of 'SLSQP'.
2. Adjust the perturbation parameters to allow more exploration.
3. Increase the number of iterations or the number of perturbations.
4. Use a different set of initial guesses to avoid local optima.

But without knowing the exact structure of the problem, these are just guesses.

Alternatively, use a more efficient way to compute the C₅ value. The current code uses numpy.correlate, which is efficient. So the evaluation function is fast.

Another possible optimization: Precompute all the shifts and only compute the max once. But that's already done.

Now, considering the time budget of 100 seconds, if the current code runs for 60 iterations, maybe we can increase the number of iterations. For example, run more iterations with smaller perturbations.

Also, the perturbation is additive Gaussian noise, which might not be the best way to explore the space. Perhaps instead of adding Gaussian noise, we can use a different perturbation strategy, such as swapping segments between 0 and 1, or adjusting a certain number of points.

But implementing that would require a different approach to generating the perturbed guesses.

Alternatively, use a different starting point. For example, starting with a different initial guess, such as a uniform distribution of 1's and 0's, but with more spread out positions.

But the user says that if initial_h_values is available, use it. So we have to use that.

Another thought: The current code allows for multiple perturbations, but maybe the number of iterations is too low. For example, doing 100 iterations instead of 60 could allow for more exploration.

Alternatively, trying a different method for the optimization, like using the 'BFGS' method with bounds.

But considering that the problem has a non-differentiable objective function (since the max is not differentiable), BFGS might not work well.

Alternatively, use a hybrid method, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method followed by local optimization.

Alternatively, use a genetic algorithm. Let's think about how to structure that.

A genetic algorithm would work as follows:

- Initialize a population of random h functions that satisfy the integral constraint.
- Evaluate the C₅ for each h.
- Select the best individuals for reproduction.
- Apply crossover and mutation to generate new individuals.
- Repeat for several generations.

The advantage of this approach is that it explores the search space globally, reducing the risk of getting stuck in local optima. However, it might be computationally intensive.

But given that the code needs to run within 100 seconds, perhaps a simplified version of a genetic algorithm could be feasible. For example, using a small population size (like 10-20 individuals), and a few generations.

But how to implement this efficiently?

Let's think about how to generate the initial population. Each individual is a vector of n_points entries, each between 0 and 1, with the sum equal to n_points/2.

To generate a random individual, we can sample some values between 0 and 1, and then adjust them to satisfy the sum constraint. For example, take a random vector, and then apply a scaling factor to make the sum correct.

But generating this for each individual in the population might take time.

Alternatively, for each individual, generate a random vector with the required sum. For example, take n_points samples from a uniform distribution and scale them to have the required sum. However, this would require some adjustment.

But this is computationally expensive, but perhaps manageable.

Once the population is initialized, evaluate each individual's C₅ value, then select the best to reproduce. Then, for mutation, randomly perturb some values, or swap values. Crossover would involve combining two parent vectors.

But implementing this in Python with numpy would require careful coding.

But given the time budget, this might be too slow, especially with 45 points.

Another idea: Use a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach, which is another global optimization method that might be faster than genetic algorithms.

But again, without prior knowledge of the code's performance, it's hard to say.

However, given that the previous code uses a local search with perturbations, perhaps making it more aggressive in the initial stages, then more refined later, could help.

So, here's a plan for the new code:

1. Improve the optimization method. Try using 'Nelder-Mead' or 'SLSQP' with more iterations.
2. Increase the number of perturbations or iterations to explore more of the search space.
3. Adjust the perturbation noise scale to allow more exploration early on and more refinement later.
4. Use a different initial guess if available (but in this case, it's fixed).
5. Try different hyperparameters, like the number of iterations or noise scale.

But how to implement this in code?

Let me try modifying the existing code. For example, changing the optimization method to 'Nelder-Mead' might be better.

Wait, the previous code uses 'SLSQP', which handles constraints. The Nelder-Mead method does not handle constraints directly, but we can add the sum constraint using a penalty function.

Alternatively, use 'SLSQP' with more iterations, but I'm not sure.

Another thought: Maybe the initial guess is not good enough. So, could we start with a different initial guess, for example, by creating a more optimal initial h from the initial_h_values?

For example, perhaps the initial_h_values is a certain structure, like a periodic function with certain properties. By modifying that, we could improve it.

But without knowing what initial_h_values is, it's hard to proceed.

Another idea: Instead of using a single initial guess, generate multiple copies and optimize from each, then pick the best. This is called multi-start optimization.

But the previous code already does some form of multi-start by perturbing the best solution. But perhaps doing more of it.

Alternatively, use a different perturbation technique, such as adjusting a subset of the h values in a way that might lead to better results.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method and adjust the parameters.

For example, changing the method to 'COBYLA' which handles bound constraints and is suitable for this problem.

Alternatively, using 'L-BFGS-B' with bounds.

But the code would need to be adjusted accordingly.

Alternatively, use the 'SLSQP' method with a larger number of iterations.

Also, the current code performs 60 iterations of perturbation and optimization. Maybe increasing that to 100 or more iterations could lead to better results.

But the code is limited by the time budget. Let me think about how long the existing code takes. If it runs within the 100 seconds, then increasing the number of iterations might be feasible.

Another idea: Reduce the noise scale more gradually, allowing more exploration in the early stages and more fine-tuning later.

Let me try updating the code in the following ways:

- Use a different optimization method, like 'L-BFGS-B'.
- Increase the number of iterations.
- Adjust the noise scale to vary over time.
- Add more constraints or adjust the optimization options.

But without knowing the exact parameters, it's challenging.

Alternatively, try to use the existing code but tweak the hyperparameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations from 60 to 100, or adjusting the noise scale and other parameters.

Another possibility: The previous code uses a fixed number of iterations, but after a certain number of steps, the improvement might plateau. So stopping early could save time.

In summary, the plan is to improve the existing code by:

1. Using a different optimization method (like 'COBYLA' or 'Nelder-Mead').
2. Adjusting the perturbation strategy to allow more exploration.
3. Increasing the number of iterations to explore more of the search space.
4. Making the code more efficient by optimizing the evaluation or the optimization steps.

Now, let's think about implementing these changes in code.

For example, changing the optimization method to 'L-BFGS-B' and see if that helps. Also, adjusting the noise scale.

But the previous code used 'SLSQP' with constraints. The 'L-BFGS-B' method also handles bounds and constraints. So it's possible.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The current code uses the 'max' of the correlation, which is correct. So that part is fine.

Now, let's think about modifying the code.

For example, replacing the 'SLSQP' method with 'L-BFGS-B', and adjusting the number of iterations and other parameters.

Alternatively, try using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses.

But how to do this in code.

Alternatively, change the perturbation strategy to use larger steps initially and then smaller steps.

But given the time, here's the plan for the code:

- Use the initial guess as provided.
- Use a local optimization method (like SLSQP) but with more iterations.
- Use a different way to perturb the guess, perhaps with a different noise scale schedule.
- Use a different optimization method, like 'L-BFGS-B' or 'BFGS'.

But without knowing what the best method is, it's a bit of a shot in the dark.

Alternatively, use a combination of methods: first use a global search (like random restarts), then use a local optimizer.

But again, time is a constraint.

Given the time, the best approach is to modify the existing code, perhaps by:

- Increasing the number of iterations.
- Changing the noise scale schedule.
- Trying a different optimization method.

So, in code:

- Increase the number of iterations from 60 to, say, 100.
- Adjust the noise_scale to decrease more slowly.
- Use a different optimization method, like 'SLSQP' with increased maxiter.

But the previous code uses 'SLSQP' with maxiter=250. Perhaps increasing the num of perturbations to 100 would help.

Alternatively, use a single large-scale optimization with a different method.

But I'll proceed to write the code based on these ideas.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    # Increased number of iterations and optimized perturbation
    for iteration in range(120):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Adaptive perturbation based on iteration count
        noise_scale = 0.025 * np.exp(-iteration / 80)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        # Use L-BFGS-B for faster convergence and better exploration
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```