<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and I need to find a better one, ideally lower than 0.380876. The previous code used a seed-based perturbation with SLSQP optimization. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem is to find a step function h on [0, 2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by k. The constraints are that the integral of h is 1, and h is between 0 and 1. The previous approach tried local search with perturbations, but maybe there's a better way.

The key is to find a configuration of h that balances the overlaps. The current code starts with an initial guess and then perturbs it. But maybe using different optimization techniques could help. For example, using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing might escape local minima better. However, given the time budget, SLSQP might still be better, but perhaps with better hyperparameters.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (120) with decreasing noise. Maybe adjusting the perturbation strategy, such as using different scales or different sampling methods. Also, the current method uses a single initial guess. If I can explore multiple starting points, perhaps from different constructions, that might help. But the problem says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So I should start there.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, so perhaps I should base my search on that. But the previous code might have gotten stuck in a local minimum. How can I improve that?

Maybe instead of perturbing around a single point, I can use a more global optimization approach. But with limited time, what's feasible? Let me think about the objective function. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the correlation between h and 1 - h shifted by k. The correlation in full mode gives all possible shifts. So, for each shift, I need to compute the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The maximum of these over k is the value we need to minimize.

The previous code uses a local optimization with perturbations. Perhaps using a more aggressive optimization method, like using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, or a different constrained optimization method. Or maybe using a gradient-based method with better settings.

Another idea: maybe the problem can be transformed into a more tractable form. For example, since the integral over x of h(x) is 1, maybe we can model h as a set of intervals where it's 0 or 1, but since h is a step function, but the problem allows any step function. However, the previous code uses a discretized version with n_points samples. So the h is a vector of values between 0 and 1, with sum equal to n_points / 2.

Another approach: use a more efficient way to compute the maximum overlap. The previous code computes the full correlation, which gives all possible shifts, then takes the max. But maybe we can find the optimal shift more efficiently. Alternatively, considering that the maximum over k of the integral depends on the shift, perhaps there's a way to model this as a convex problem, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, maybe I can use a different optimization strategy. For example, instead of perturbing the initial guess and optimizing, perhaps using a global optimization method with random restarts. But given the time budget, even that might be challenging.

Wait, the current code uses 120 iterations with decreasing noise. Maybe increasing the number of iterations and adjusting the noise scale could help. But maybe it's better to try different optimization methods. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach, but that's more complex and might take longer.

Alternatively, consider using a different method for the optimization, like using the COBYLA algorithm which handles bounds and constraints. Or perhaps using a quadratic programming approach if possible.

Another idea: the constraint is that the sum of h is fixed. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the correlations. But the maximum is a non-convex function, so the problem is non-convex. Therefore, gradient-based methods might have issues with multiple local optima. Thus, perhaps using a more robust optimization method, such as genetic algorithms or particle swarm optimization (PSO), could be better. However, those methods are not part of scipy.optimize by default. Wait, but maybe I can use scipy's differential evolution, which is a global optimization method. Let me think.

Differential evolution could be better at exploring the search space. However, the problem is that the function is expensive to evaluate. For each call to the objective function, we compute the full correlation and take the max. For a given n_points, each evaluation is O(n_points^2), which might be slow for large n_points. However, the previous code uses n_points=45, which is manageable.

Let me check. For n_points=45, the full correlation would be 45 + 45 - 1 = 89 elements. So each evaluation is O(89) operations. That's fast. So using a global optimization method like differential evolution could be feasible.

So, perhaps modifying the code to use differential evolution instead of SLSQP. But how?

The differential evolution method is available in scipy.optimize.differential_evolution. However, it's a black-box optimization method that may take longer. But given that the time budget is 100 seconds, perhaps it's manageable.

But the problem is that we have a constraint: sum(h) = n_points / 2. So how to incorporate that into the differential evolution. Well, we can define the objective as the maximum correlation and use the constraint as an equality constraint.

But the differential evolution method requires the bounds on the variables. Since h is in [0,1], that's straightforward. But the constraint is an equality constraint. So we can use the method with constraints.

Wait, scipy's differential_evolution allows for bounds and constraints. But I think that for the differential evolution, the constraints are handled via penalties, but maybe it's better to use a constrained optimization. Alternatively, since we have a single equality constraint, maybe we can use a modified differential evolution with projection onto the feasible region.

Alternatively, since the sum is fixed, maybe we can parametrize the problem. For example, if we have n_points variables h_i, sum h_i = S (fixed), which is equivalent to h_i = x_i where sum x_i = S. But using differential evolution with bounds and a constraint.

But integrating the constraint into the optimization could be challenging. So perhaps it's better to use a constrained optimization method with a different algorithm.

Alternatively, perhaps we can use the SLSQP method but with more aggressive parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations, changing the starting points, etc.

Alternatively, maybe using multiple initial guesses. For instance, starting with the initial guess, then generating some other initial points based on different patterns, and running the optimization on them.

Another idea is to design the h function in a way that spreads out the 1s and 0s to minimize overlaps. For example, if we can find a h that has values 1 in non-overlapping intervals, that would minimize the overlap. However, since the total integral is 1, the measure of the intervals where h=1 must be exactly 1. But since the domain is [0, 2], the length of those intervals must sum to 1. However, the problem allows for step functions with values between 0 and 1. So, maybe a more optimal h would be one that is 1 in a region of length 1, and 0 elsewhere. But this would give overlap integrals when shifted. For example, suppose h is 1 on [a, a+1], then shifting by k would overlap with h's region. The integral would be the length of overlap between [a, a+1] and [a+k, a+k+1], which depends on k. To minimize the maximum overlap, we need to arrange the region such that for any shift, the overlap is as small as possible.

But perhaps the optimal arrangement is to have the regions spread out. However, this is for the case where h is a step function, but in the problem, h can be any step function (i.e., piecewise constant), not necessarily with 0 and 1 values only. So maybe using a more complex shape for h could help.

But how to model this in the optimization. The previous code uses a discretized approach with n_points samples. So perhaps the h is a vector of values in [0,1], and the integral is approximated by the sum of h_i * dx. So the sum of h_i must be equal to n_points/2.

So, given that, perhaps the key is to find a vector h where the maximum correlation between h and 1-h is minimized. The current code's approach is to perform local search with perturbations, but maybe a better approach is to use a more global optimization method.

Another thought: perhaps the maximum correlation is related to the Fourier transform. Since the integral over h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx is the same as the inner product between h and the function 1-h shifted by k. The maximum of these over k could be related to the maximum of the cross-correlation. But I'm not sure how to directly apply Fourier analysis here, since the problem is non-linear and the function h is a step function.

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum correlation, perhaps we can model this as a quadratic optimization problem. But with the max function, it's challenging.

Given time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to try using a different optimization method, like differential evolution. Let me see how that could be implemented.

The differential evolution method can handle bounds and constraints. So, the idea is to use the differential_evolution method with the constraint of sum(h) = n_points / 2, and the objective function is the maximum correlation.

But how to do that? The differential_evolution method in scipy.optimize can have bounds and constraints. However, it's more challenging to handle equality constraints. Alternatively, since the constraint is linear, maybe we can use the SLSQP method with more iterations and better parameters.

Alternatively, maybe adding a penalty to the objective function to enforce the constraint. For example, adding a term that penalizes deviations from the sum constraint. However, this might make the optimization harder.

But in the previous code, the constraint is handled with an equality constraint in the SLSQP method. So perhaps using a better optimization method with more robust settings.

Let me think about the parameters in the optimization. For example, in the previous code, the perturbations are added to the initial guess and then the optimizer is run. However, if we use a more global method, we can explore the parameter space more thoroughly.

Alternatively, maybe the SLSQP method with a better choice of initial points and more iterations would yield better results. Let's consider modifying the current approach.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the previous solution, perhaps use a random initial guess. But the initial h_values is provided, so using that as a starting point is better.

Wait, the previous code starts with the initial_h_values and then perturbs it. But maybe using different starting points, like random variations of the initial guess, could lead to better results. However, with limited time, trying multiple starting points might not be feasible.

Alternatively, perhaps adjusting the optimization parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations, changing the method's tolerance, or using a different method.

Let me consider the current code's parameters. It runs for 120 iterations, each time perturbing with noise scale reducing over time. The noise scale is 0.03 * (1 - i/120). The optimization method is SLSQP with maxiter 300. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the noise scale could help.

Alternatively, what if we use a coarser initial step with larger perturbations, then gradually decrease the step size. That could help in exploring the space more effectively.

Another approach is to use the initial guess and perform a multi-start optimization, trying several different starting points. However, given the time constraints, it's unclear.

Another possible improvement: the current code computes the full correlation, which is the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. But the maximum of this is over all possible shifts. However, the shifts could be limited to certain ranges. For example, in the interval [0,2], when you shift k, the valid shifts might be between -2 and 2. But since the full mode of cross-correlation gives all possible shifts, that's already considered.

Alternatively, could there be a way to compute the maximum overlap without computing all shifts? Probably not directly, but maybe some properties of the function can be used.

Another thought: the problem resembles a covering problem, where we want to place the '1's in h such that they don't overlap too much when shifted. So, for example, placing the 1's in regions that are spaced apart in some way. However, since the function is continuous and the integral is fixed, it's more of a balance.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem. Perhaps, for the current code, the key is to improve the optimization method and parameters.

Let me think about what the previous code's approach could be improved. The current code uses a perturbation-based search, but maybe using a different update strategy. For example, using a more efficient gradient descent with momentum, or using an adaptive learning rate. However, with the constraints, these methods might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, perhaps using a surrogate model to approximate the objective function and find better solutions. But this is more complex.

Another idea: since the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlations, perhaps the maximum occurs at certain specific shifts. For example, shifts that are multiples of some period. If I can find the shifts where the maximum occurs, maybe I can focus the optimization on those.

But without knowing the exact form of the function, this is difficult. However, maybe the maximum occurs when k is such that the overlap between h and 1-h is maximized. For a given h, the maximum overlap would be when the shift k aligns the regions where h is high and 1-h is high. Hence, the problem is to minimize this maximum.

So, perhaps using a genetic algorithm where individuals are the h vectors, and the fitness is the C5 value. But implementing that would require a lot of code and may not fit within the time budget.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization technique, such as differential evolution, which can explore the search space more thoroughly.

But how to incorporate the constraint sum(h) = 1. Let me think. Using the differential evolution, the variables are h_i, with bounds [0,1], and constraints sum(h_i) = target_sum. However, the differential evolution method does not directly handle equality constraints. So, perhaps adding a penalty term to the objective function to approximate the constraint.

Alternatively, we can use the 'constrained' optimization with the 'SLSQP' method, which the previous code already uses. So maybe enhancing that approach.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations. What if we increase the number of iterations and adjust the parameters of the optimization in each iteration. For example, starting with larger perturbations and reducing them gradually.

Alternatively, using a more aggressive optimization method, such as using the L-BFGS-B method, which can handle bounds and is fast. However, with constraints, it might be challenging.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with the constraint. Is there a way to make that more effective? Perhaps by adjusting the parameters such as ftol, maxiter, etc. Or by using a better initial guess.

Alternatively, using a different starting point. Perhaps generating multiple initial points, not just the initial_h_values. For example, creating a few different initial configurations and running the optimization on each, then selecting the best one.

But how to generate different initial configurations? Maybe by varying the positions where h is 1. For example, placing the mass of h in different intervals. However, without knowing the optimal configuration, this is speculative.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initialization. For example, the initial_h_values might already be a good starting point, but perhaps we can improve it by applying a smoothing or adjustment.

Another possible approach is to model the problem as a quadratic programming problem. However, since the objective function is non-convex, this is not straightforward.

Given the time constraints and the need to fit within the code's structure, perhaps the best way is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, and see if it can find a better solution.

Let me outline how this could be done.

First, the code would use the differential_evolution method from scipy.optimize. However, since the differential_evolution method requires the objective to be minimized, and we want to minimize the maximum correlation, which is our C5 value. The constraint is that the sum of h is equal to target_sum.

So, the code would define the objective function as the maximum correlation, and then use the differential_evolution with bounds and constraints.

But the differential_evolution can handle only bounds and not equality constraints directly. However, we can add a penalty for the constraint violation. For example, the objective function could be the original C5 value plus a penalty term for the constraint. However, this might make the optimization more complex.

Alternatively, we can add the constraint as an equality constraint in the differential_evolution. But I think that scipy's differential_evolution does not support inequality or equality constraints directly. So this approach might not work.

In that case, perhaps we can use the SLSQP method with a different number of iterations and better settings. For example, increasing the number of iterations, adjusting the tolerance, etc.

Let me think about the previous code. It runs for 120 iterations, each time perturbing the best solution so far and optimizing with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations and adjusting the perturbation parameters.

Another idea: instead of using a single perturbation scale, maybe use a grid search over different perturbation scales. Or randomly selecting different perturbation scales during the iterations.

Alternatively, using a more efficient line search or trust region method within the SLSQP.

But given that the code needs to fit within 100 seconds, and the previous approach already uses a certain number of iterations, perhaps the key is to improve the optimization parameters and the perturbation strategy.

Another approach is to use multiple restarts of the optimization from different initial points. For example, perturbing the initial_h_values in various ways and running the optimizer on each.

However, this could be time-consuming, but with the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps it's feasible.

Alternatively, use a more aggressive approach, such as using the SLSQP method with many iterations and tighter tolerances to find a better minimum.

Let me think about adjusting the code's parameters. For example, in the previous code, the 'ftol' is set to 1e-10 and 'eps' to 1e-9. Maybe increasing the 'ftol' could allow the optimizer to find a better solution faster.

Alternatively, reducing the noise scale in the perturbations could allow for better convergence.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed noise scale, use a dynamic learning rate that decreases over time, leading to more precise steps as the optimization progresses.

But the current code uses a noise scale that decreases linearly from 0.03 to 0. So, maybe increasing the initial noise scale to allow more exploration and then reducing it.

Also, the code uses 120 iterations. Maybe increasing that number, or using more iterations with smaller noise scales.

Alternatively, combining multiple optimization steps. For example, first doing a global search with larger steps, then a local search with smaller steps.

In summary, the current code is a perturbation-based local search. To improve, we can:

1. Adjust the perturbation strategy, increasing initial exploration and narrowing down as the iterations proceed.
2. Use different optimization methods, such as differential evolution, if possible.
3. Increase the number of iterations and adjust parameters for better convergence.
4. Explore different starting points, perhaps using random variations of the initial guess.

Given that, let me outline a modified approach.

Instead of using a fixed number of iterations with decreasing noise, perhaps use a more refined approach. For example:

- Start with a large perturbation scale to explore the space.
- Gradually reduce the scale as the iterations proceed.
- For each perturbation, run the optimizer with a higher number of iterations.

But the previous code already does something similar. Another possibility is to use a different optimization method that's more robust to local minima.

But given the time constraints, perhaps sticking with SLSQP but adjusting parameters and exploring different initial points.

Another possibility is to use a combination of multiple optimization steps. For example, using the initial guess and then applying multiple rounds of perturbation and optimization with different parameters.

Alternatively, using the initial guess and applying a genetic algorithm in a simplified way.

But implementing a genetic algorithm in the code would require defining a fitness function, selection, crossover, mutation, etc., which might be time-consuming, but perhaps feasible.

However, given the code's structure, the previous code is more straightforward to modify. Let's think about how to improve the current code.

One possible change is to use a larger number of iterations. For example, increasing the loop count from 120 to 200 or more. Also, increasing the number of iterations in the optimize.minimize call.

Another change: instead of using the same seed each time, vary the perturbation more. For example, using a different random seed for each perturbation.

But since the code is called with a fixed seed, perhaps that's not necessary.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, generating multiple different initial guesses and optimizing each, then selecting the best one. However, with the given code, it's hard to do that unless we have a way to generate different initial points.

Alternatively, during the perturbation steps, sometimes using different perturbation strategies.

Another idea: the current code uses the same initial guess for all iterations. But maybe using the best solution from the previous iteration as the starting point for the next perturbation, leading to a gradient descent-like approach.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method with more rigorous settings, such as increasing the maxiter and adjusting ftol.

Let me try modifying the existing code:

1. Increase the number of iterations in the main loop to, say, 200.
2. Increase the maxiter in the optimize.minimize call to a higher value, like 500.
3. Adjust the noise scale to start higher and decrease more slowly, allowing for more exploration early on.

For example, in the previous code, the noise scale starts at 0.03 and decreases linearly. Maybe increasing this to 0.05 or 0.1 initially and decreasing to 0.01, allowing for larger exploration in the beginning.

Another possibility: using a random start after a certain number of iterations to avoid local minima.

But given the time budget, perhaps making these changes could lead to a better result.

Let me outline the modified code steps:

- Use the same initial_h_values as before.
- In the main loop, perform more iterations (say, 200 instead of 120).
- For each iteration, perturb the current best solution with a larger noise scale initially, then decrease it.
- Use a larger maxiter for the minimize function.

Additionally, perhaps adjusting the optimization method's parameters, such as ftol or eps.

Another possible improvement: using a different method for the optimization, like using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds. However, this method doesn't handle equality constraints directly, so we need to ensure the constraint is satisfied. Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with a larger maxiter and tighter ftol.

Moreover, in the code, the perturbations are done with a normal distribution, which might not be the best choice. Perhaps using a uniform perturbation could be better for exploration.

But given the time, I need to decide on the best approach.

Considering all this, the plan is to modify the existing code to:

- Increase the number of iterations to 200.
- Adjust the noise scale to start higher and decrease more slowly.
- Increase the maxiter for each optimization step.
- Use a more relaxed ftol to allow for better convergence.

Here's how the code could be modified:

- The loop runs for 200 iterations instead of 120.
- The noise_scale starts at 0.05 and decreases linearly to 0.01.
- Each minimize call uses maxiter=500, ftol=1e-8, and eps=1e-8.
- Also, in the perturb step, use a uniform distribution instead of normal to avoid large jumps.

But since the original code uses normal, maybe keeping that for now.

Testing these changes could potentially find a better solution.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method with a larger number of iterations and tighter constraints.

Now, putting this into code, while adhering to the output constraints.

Another possible change: using a different initial guess. If the initial_h_values is not optimal, generating a slightly perturbed version could be better. However, the code already uses the initial_h_values as the starting point.

Given the time, I think the best approach is to adjust the existing code's parameters, increase the number of iterations, and possibly change the perturbation strategy to allow for more exploration early on.

Thus, the final code will be a modified version of the previous one, with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    for i in range(200):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        noise_scale = 0.05 * (1 - i / 200)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-8, 'disp': False}
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```