<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral by finding a step function h that satisfies the given constraints. The previous approach used a seed-based perturbation with SLSQP optimization, but I need to think of a different method to potentially get a better result.

First, let me understand the problem again. The function h is a step function over [0,2], with values in [0,1], and the integral of h over [0,2] must be 1. The C₅ value is the maximum of the convolution of h with (1-h), scaled by dx. So my task is to find h that minimizes this maximum value.

The previous code used an initial guess with n_points=45, and then performed a series of perturbations with SLSQP optimization. However, local minima might be an issue here. Maybe a different optimization approach or a different initialization could yield better results.

One thought is to consider using a genetic algorithm or other population-based methods, which might avoid getting stuck in local minima. However, those can be computationally expensive, especially within the 100-second budget. Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method, like a gradient-based approach with better hyperparameters.

Another angle: the problem resembles a covering or packing problem. The function h needs to be such that when shifted by k, the overlap with 1-h is minimized. So perhaps a regular pattern or structure in h can help. For example, using a periodic structure with certain symmetries might distribute the overlaps more evenly, leading to lower maximum overlaps.

The current best known value is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and the target is to get to around 0.380876. So any improvement over the previous 0.381144 would be good.

Let me think about the previous code's approach. It starts from an initial guess, then applies random perturbations and optimizes. But maybe this isn't exploring enough of the solution space. Perhaps using a different initialization, such as a more structured initial h, could help. For example, a piecewise constant function with certain intervals set to 1 or 0 to balance the integral and spread the overlaps.

Alternatively, maybe using a coordinate descent approach, where we iteratively adjust each point to minimize the maximum overlap. However, this could be computationally intensive as well.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum correlation, perhaps we can model this as a convex optimization problem. But the objective function (max of a convolution) is non-convex, so this might not be straightforward. However, maybe approximating the maximum with a convex penalty function?

Wait, the current code uses scipy's SLSQP, which is a sequential quadratic programming method. Maybe adjusting the optimization parameters, like using different tolerances, or a different line search method, could help. Also, the noise scale in the perturbations might be too large or too small. Maybe adjusting that over time?

Another idea: the previous approach used 60 iterations with decreasing noise. Maybe instead of perturbing the best solution, we can use a more global search strategy. For example, using multiple initial points or sampling from a prior distribution of possible h functions.

Alternatively, maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach, which is more efficient in high-dimensional spaces. However, implementing that from scratch within the time budget might be challenging.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral is related to the convolution, perhaps we can model this as a problem of minimizing the maximum of certain terms, and use a variational approach. For instance, using a Lagrange multiplier to incorporate the constraint ∫h dx = 1 and then solving the resulting equations.

But solving such equations analytically might be difficult. Perhaps a numerical approach with gradient descent on the parameters of h.

Another thought: the function h is a step function, so maybe we can model it with a set of intervals where h is either 0 or 1. But the continuous approach allows any value between 0 and 1. However, if we consider that the optimal h might be piecewise constant, then we could model it with a certain number of intervals. For example, dividing [0,2] into m intervals, each assigned a value in [0,1], and then optimizing over those values. However, this could lead to a combinatorial explosion in the number of possibilities.

But since the previous code uses n_points as 45, maybe trying to use a similar number of points but a different initialization method could help.

Alternatively, could the initial h_values be generated in a more optimal way? For instance, perhaps using a cyclic pattern with certain symmetries. For example, a function that is periodic or has a certain symmetry that helps distribute the overlaps.

Let me think about the structure of the function h. The overlap integral for a shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum over k, h needs to be such that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much with 1 - h. So, perhaps h should be designed to avoid overlap with itself when shifted by different amounts.

A possible approach is to make h have a certain regular structure. For example, if h is a square wave or a sawtooth wave that has a regular pattern. However, since the integral of h must be 1 over [0,2], the average value of h is 0.5. So, the function must be balanced between 0 and 1.

Another idea: if h is designed to have maximum possible diversity in its values, such that for any shift k, the regions where h is 1 and where h is 0 are spread out. For example, h could be a periodic function with a certain period that makes the overlaps with shifted versions small.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs at certain k values, perhaps optimizing h to specifically minimize those k's.

But how to model that? It's a bit vague.

Another angle: since the integral of h is 1, the average is 0.5. So, the function h is like a probability density function. The convolution with 1 - h could be thought of as some kind of measure of overlap between the function and its shifted versions. So, maybe this is related to the concept of optimal transport or something similar, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, using a multiple kernel approach, where we try to minimize the maximum value by adjusting the kernel parameters. But this is getting too abstract.

Perhaps going back to optimization methods. The previous approach uses SLSQP with a perturbation strategy. Maybe instead of repeated perturbations, using a more efficient method like stochastic gradient descent (SGD) with momentum, or a more sophisticated optimizer like L-BFGS-B.

Wait, the current code uses the SLSQP method, which is suitable for constrained optimization. But maybe using a different method, like COBYLA or trust-constrained, could be more effective here.

Another idea: the objective function is the maximum of all possible correlations. To handle this, perhaps we can use a penalty method where we approximate the max with a sum over all k of (correlation_k - threshold), but that might not be feasible here.

Alternatively, since the maximum is over a finite set of k values (since the function is discrete), maybe we can find an h that minimizes the maximum of these finite terms.

Wait, in the code, the convolution is computed with mode='full', which gives the full cross-correlation. For a function h of length n_points, the convolution with 1-h would have length 2n_points -1. But the integral is computed over the entire domain [0,2], so each point in the convolution corresponds to a shift k. However, the actual shifts k would be such that x + k is within [0,2], so k ranges from -2 to 2. Wait, no, the function h is defined on [0,2], so when you compute the convolution, the shift k can be such that x + k ∈ [0,2]. But the actual values of k that matter are those for which the overlap integral is maximized.

But when we discretize the problem, we approximate the integral by the samples, and the correlation gives the overlap for different shifts.

So, the C₅ is the maximum value of these discrete convolution terms.

Therefore, the problem is to find h (discrete samples) that minimizes the maximum of the correlations.

So, the key is to find an h where all these correlations are as small as possible.

Now, the previous approach used perturbations and optimization. Maybe instead of using a random perturbation, trying to use some kind of evolutionary strategy, where we evolve a population of h functions, and select those with lower C₅ values. However, implementing an evolutionary algorithm within 100 seconds might be challenging, especially with the time constraints.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization framework to optimize the h parameters. But that would require a lot of function evaluations, which could be expensive.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient gradient-based method. The previous code uses SLSQP, but maybe using a different method, like L-BFGS-B with constraints, would be better.

But wait, the problem is non-convex and has multiple local minima. So, perhaps starting from different initializations could lead to better results.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values as a base, but instead of just perturbing it, try to create a more structured initial guess. For example, if the initial guess is a periodic function with certain properties, maybe that's a good starting point.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess entirely. For example, if we can generate an h that is a step function with evenly spaced intervals, such that the integral is 1 and the overlaps are minimized.

But how to create such a function? For example, if we divide [0,2] into m intervals, each of length 2/m, and assign h to be 1 in some intervals and 0 in others. However, the total integral must be 1, so the number of intervals where h is 1 should be such that (number of 1s) * (interval length) = 1. For example, if m is even, then maybe alternate between 1 and 0 in certain intervals.

But since the function is over [0,2], maybe a pattern that repeats every certain interval. For example, if we have a period of T, then a triangular wave or a sine wave.

But without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to say. So, perhaps generating multiple initial guesses with different patterns and optimizing each one could help find a better solution.

Alternatively, using a more aggressive optimization with better parameters. For instance, in the previous code, the noise scale starts at 0.025 and decreases over iterations. Maybe changing that parameter could help.

Another idea: instead of using a single initial guess and perturbing it, maybe using a set of different initial guesses. For example, starting from the initial_h_values, and also from a random initial guess, or a different structured initial guess.

But how to generate those? For example, the initial_h_values is provided, but if there's no parent construction, we have to create a starting vector. However, according to the rules, we can't use any long literals, so generating a structured initial guess algorithmically would be better.

For example, a function that generates a periodic initial guess. For instance, a function that alternates between 1 and 0 with certain spacing.

Let me think. If I divide [0,2] into n intervals, and assign h to be 1 for certain intervals and 0 for others. The total integral is 1, so the number of intervals where h is 1 times their length would be 1. Suppose we have a certain number of 1s. For example, if the length of each interval is 2/n_points, then the number of 1s would be (n_points / 2) / (2/n_points) )? No, perhaps I need to calculate this.

Wait, the integral of h is sum(h_i * dx) = 1. So for a step function with n_points samples, each of width dx = 2 / n_points, the sum of h_i must be n_points / 2. So, if we have a pattern of 1s and 0s, the number of 1s would be (n_points / 2) / (dx), but since dx is 2 / n_points, then the number of 1s is (n_points / 2) / (2 / n_points) ) = n_points^2 / 4. Which is not feasible for n_points=45 (which would be around 45²/4= 506.25, which is way more than the number of samples). So, this approach isn't applicable.

So, a structured initial guess must have varying values between 0 and 1, not just 0 and 1. Therefore, perhaps a function that is a step function with multiple levels. Alternatively, a function that has certain symmetry.

Another thought: if the optimal solution is symmetric, then perhaps exploiting that symmetry in the initial guess could help. For example, if h(x) is symmetric around x=1, then the overlap integrals for k and 2 -k would be the same. This could reduce the number of k's to consider.

But how to enforce symmetry in the initial guess? For example, mirroring the values around the center of the interval.

Let me try to structure this. Suppose that for each point i, h[i] is equal to h[n_points - 1 - i]. This would make the function symmetric. This could reduce the number of parameters to optimize, as only half of the points are independent. This could help in convergence.

So, the initial guessing could use a symmetric pattern. For example, taking the initial_h_values and making sure it's symmetric. If the initial_h_values provided isn't symmetric, then the code could adjust it. But the problem says to use the initial_h_values directly if available.

Alternatively, if there's no initial_h_values, create a symmetric initial guess. However, the problem states that when initial_h_values is available, it's used directly.

So, the previous code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. Maybe the initial_h_values is not symmetric, and adjusting it to be symmetric could lead to better results.

But given that the code is called with initial_h_values, perhaps the problem is that the initial guess is not optimal, so the optimization step needs to find a better one.

Another idea: use a different optimization method. For example, instead of using SLSQP, use a Bayesian optimization method with a surrogate model. But implementing that within the code might be complex.

Alternatively, use a different gradient-based optimizer. For instance, using the COBYLA method which handles bounds and constraints.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a sequential quadratic programming method. COBYLA is another method that can handle bounds and constraints without derivatives. Maybe switching to COBYLA could be better in some cases.

Alternatively, using a more efficient gradient approximation, like a numerical gradient, and then using L-BFGS-B with constraints. But this requires computing the gradient of the objective function.

But how to compute the gradient? The objective function is the maximum of the convolution, which is non-differentiable at points where the max is achieved. However, for optimization purposes, perhaps we can approximate the gradient in the directions where the current maximum is not active.

This seems complex. Another approach is to use the fact that the maximum of a set of functions (the correlations) can be minimized by focusing on the function that is currently the maximum. So, during optimization, we could try to minimize that particular correlation, and then check if other correlations are also improved.

But how to implement this in code?

Alternatively, during the optimization steps, for each iteration, we can ensure that the current maximum is being minimized. This could be done by using a proxy objective that is the current maximum value, and then optimizing that. However, since the maximum is over all k, this would require tracking it during each iteration.

But in the previous code, the objective function is the maximum of the correlation values. So, the optimizer is trying to minimize this maximum. However, depending on the optimization method, it might not be able to effectively handle the non-smoothness of this function.

Another idea: approximate the maximum with a smoothed version. For example, replacing the maximum with a sum of exponentials, which could be differentiable. However, this would introduce approximations and might not lead to accurate results.

Alternatively, using a proximal gradient method, where each step focuses on minimizing one of the convex parts of the objective.

But this might be getting too complex for the time constraints.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing method. For example, trying different optimization algorithms, adjusting hyperparameters, or using a different initial guess.

Let me think about the previous code again. It uses a perturbation approach with decreasing noise scales. Maybe changing the way the perturbation is done could help. For instance, instead of adding random noise to the best solution, maybe using a different perturbation strategy, such as swapping values or adjusting certain points.

Alternatively, using a simulated annealing approach. However, implementing that might be time-consuming.

Another idea: the current code evaluates the C₅ value by computing the maximum of the correlation. To improve this, maybe precompute all possible k's and prioritize optimizing for the k's that are most problematic.

But how to determine which k's are critical? It's not clear without knowing the current h function.

Alternatively, during the optimization steps, instead of randomly perturbing the solution, use a more targeted approach. For example, for the current h, identify the k that gives the maximum overlap and focus on minimizing that particular overlap.

But this requires knowing which k is the maximum, and then optimizing the h function to minimize that k's overlap. However, this would require using a different objective function for each step, which could be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, use a multi-objective optimization approach, where multiple k's are considered. But again, this complicates the optimization.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code. For example, changing the optimization method to COBYLA or another method that might handle the constraints better. Also, adjusting the noise scale and the number of iterations.

Another idea: increase the number of iterations, but within the budget. The previous code runs 60 iterations. Maybe increasing that to 100 or 200, but that may not be feasible within 100 seconds.

Alternatively, using a better initial guess. For example, if the initial_h_values is not effective, maybe generating a new initial guess with a different pattern. However, the rules state to use initial_h_values if available, so we can't change that.

But what if initial_h_values is not the best, and we could generate a better initial guess? However, according to the rules, the code must use initial_h_values directly if available, so we can't modify it.

So, given that, perhaps the previous code's approach is as good as possible, but with some tweaks.

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization strategy: for instance, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) to explore the solution space more thoroughly. However, implementing PSO might take time and might not converge within the budget.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with a large population and crossover/mutation operators. But again, the time might be an issue.

Alternatively, considering that the problem involves minimizing the maximum of several terms, maybe we can find an h that evenly distributes the overlaps, so that none of the terms are too large. This could be done by balancing the function h to avoid overlaps in certain regions.

For example, if h has regions where it's high (close to 1) and regions where it's low (close to 0), but spaced out so that the overlap with shifted versions is minimized.

But how to model that in code? Without knowing the optimal structure, it's challenging.

Another Idea: Since the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (60 iterations), maybe trying a different number of perturbations, adjusting the noise scale more carefully, or varying the perturbation strategy over time.

For example, perhaps starting with larger noise to explore more of the solution space and gradually reducing the noise to converge. The previous code already does this, but perhaps the noise decay is too fast or too slow.

Alternatively, trying a different noise schedule, like exponentially decaying instead of linear.

Another possibility: using a different optimizer for the inner optimization steps. The previous code uses SLSQP. Maybe switching to another method like 'L-BFGS-B' which can handle bounds and constraints.

But L-BFGS-B requires the objective function to be differentiable, which is the case here, since the correlations are smooth functions of h.

Wait, the objective function is the maximum of several terms. The maximum isn't differentiable at the points where the max occurs. However, during optimization, the algorithm can approximate the gradient in the regions where the max is not at the boundary.

So, using L-BFGS-B might be a better idea. Let me think about how to implement that.

Let me attempt to modify the previous code to use L-BFGS-B instead of SLSQP. Also, adjusting other parameters like the number of iterations, the noise scale, etc.

Another idea is to use a different constraint handling. The current code uses a single equality constraint for the sum. That's correct, as the integral of h must be 1.

So, modifying the code to use L-BFGS-B would require changing the method parameter in optimize.minimize. But also, the objective function is the maximum of correlating terms, which is what we're trying to minimize.

Another point: in the current code, the perturbation is added to the best_h and then optimized. Maybe instead of always perturbing the best_h, we could try to optimize the current guess more thoroughly, and if that fails, try a new perturbation.

But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, to improve the code, maybe using a more efficient optimization approach. For example, using a limited number of function evaluations and focusing on the most promising regions.

But given the time, perhaps changing the optimization method and hyperparameters is the way to go.

So, putting this together, the plan is:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

- Use a different optimization method, like L-BFGS-B, which might handle the constraints better.

- Adjust the noise scale and other parameters to explore the solution space more effectively.

But the previous code uses a random perturbation approach with SLSQP. So, modifying that to use L-BFGS-B for each iteration might be better.

Wait, but the code has a loop where it perturbs the best_h and then optimizes. So, for each iteration, it creates a perturbed guess and then uses an optimizer to find a better solution. Changing the optimizer method here might help.

Alternatively, for each iteration, instead of perturbing and then optimizing, perform a direct optimization from the current best guess.

But this might be more efficient.

Another idea: instead of generating random perturbations, use a more systematic exploration, like grid search or random search, but this would be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, use a different strategy for the perturbations, such as using guided mutations based on the current objective's gradients.

But without computing gradients, this is challenging.

In summary, the key steps to improve the current code might be:

1. Change the optimization method from SLSQP to L-BFGS-B or another gradient-based method.

2. Adjust the hyperparameters of the optimization (like tolerance, maximum iterations, etc.)

3. Modify the perturbation strategy to explore the solution space more effectively.

4. Use a better initial guess if possible.

But since the initial guess is provided, perhaps we can't change that. So, let's focus on changing the optimization method.

Let me think about implementing L-BFGS-B. This method requires that the objective function is differentiable, which is true here, except at the points where the maximum occurs. However, during the optimization, the algorithm can proceed as long as the function is smooth in the vicinity.

So, modifying the code to use L-BFGS-B instead of SLSQP. Let's try that.

Another change: increase the number of optimization steps, but within the budget.

But since the code is limited by time, perhaps increasing the number of iterations in the loop.

Another idea: instead of using the initial h_values, generate a new initial guess using a symmetric pattern or another structured method, but since the rule says to use the initial_h_values if available, we can't do that.

Putting all this together, here's a revised plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

- Use L-BFGS-B as the optimization method for each perturbation.

- Adjust the noise scale and other parameters to explore the solution space effectively.

- Increase the number of iterations or the number of perturbations to allow for more exploration.

- Monitor the elapsed time to ensure the code completes within the budget.

Now, let's translate this into code.

Modify the previous code's optimization method. The previous code used 'SLSQP' with constraints. Changing it to 'L-BFGS-B' requires adjusting the parameters. However, 'L-BFGS-B' does not handle constraints, so the constraints must be handled by adding them as bounds or via the objective function.

Wait, no. The constraints in the previous code are an equality constraint (sum of h must be 1). 'L-BFGS-B' does not directly handle constraints, but we can use the 'constraints' argument. Wait, no. 'L-BFGS-B' is capable of handling bounds, but equality constraints are handled via the 'constraints' parameter. However, in practice, using 'L-BFGS-B' requires careful handling of the constraints.

Alternatively, maybe the sum constraint can be incorporated into the objective function via a penalty term. However, this is a bit more complex.

Alternatively, since the constraint is a simple equality, we can enforce it during the optimization by modifying the objective function. But this might not be straightforward.

Hmm. This is getting complicated. Maybe sticking with SLSQP is better for handling constraints.

Alternatively, the previous code uses a global constraint on the sum of h. For each optimization step, the constraint is enforced. So, using SLSQP is appropriate for this.

Perhaps the previous code is as good as it can be, but with some parameter tweaking. For example, changing the noise scale, the number of iterations, or the options in the SLSQP optimizer.

In the current code, the noise scale starts at 0.025 and decreases by 0.025 per iteration over 60 iterations. Maybe adjusting this noise scale to be larger initially and decreasing more slowly could help explore the solution space better.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of iterations, dynamically adjust the number of iterations based on the progress. For example, if a certain improvement is not seen, increase the number of iterations.

But this would require more complex code.

Alternatively, increasing the number of iterations from 60 to 100 or more, but ensuring the code completes within the time budget.

Another possible change: instead of using a fixed number of perturbations, use a different strategy for the perturbations. For example, using a larger initial noise and a different decay schedule.

For example, the previous code uses noise_scale = 0.025 * (1 - _ / 60). Maybe start with a larger noise scale, such as 0.05, and decrease it more slowly.

Alternatively, using exponential decay: noise_scale = 0.05 * np.exp(-_ / 30), which would decrease more gradually.

Another adjustment: increasing the maximum iterations in the optimize.minimize call. The current code uses 250 iterations. Maybe increasing this to 500 or 1000, but this might take longer.

However, the time budget is 100 seconds. So, the code must complete quickly.

Putting all this together, the revised code would:

- Use the same initial_h_values.

- Use a different perturbation noise schedule.

- Adjust the optimize.minimize parameters, like the maximum iterations.

- Possibly use a different optimization method, like COBYLA, which handles bounds and constraints.

But COBYLA might not be as efficient as SLSQP. So, perhaps the best is to tweak the existing approach.

Another thought: using a more efficient way to calculate the objective function. For example, precomputing the convolution or using faster numerical methods.

But the current code already uses np.correlate, which is efficient.

Another possible improvement: the initial_h_values might be suboptimal. If we can't change it, perhaps generating a new initial guess that is better.

But the rules say to use the initial_h_values if available. So, we can't generate a new one unless the initial_h_values is not available.

In conclusion, the main changes would be:

1. Adjust the perturbation noise schedule to allow for more exploration.

2. Modify the optimization method (possibly to COBYLA or other) to better handle the constraints.

3. Fine-tune the optimization parameters to improve convergence.

Let me implement these changes in the code.

Here's the plan for the code:

- Keep the structure similar to the previous code.

- Change the noise scale to start larger and decay more slowly.

- Use a different optimization method, like L-BFGS-B, but handle the constraints properly.

However, since constraints are not handled in L-BFGS-B, perhaps stick to SLSQP.

Wait, the code uses SLSQP, which handles constraints. So, the main changes would be in the noise schedule and the number of iterations.

Let me try adjusting the noise_scale to be larger initially and decrease more slowly.

For example, noise_scale = 0.05 * (1 - _ / 60). This would start with 0.05 and decrease to 0.05*(1-1) = 0.

But maybe that's too large. Let's see.

Also, increasing the number of iterations in the optimize.minimize call to 500.

Another possible change: the previous code uses ftol=1e-10 and eps=1e-9. Tightening these may help, but could also slow down convergence.

Alternatively, increasing ftol and eps to allow for faster convergence.

But this is a balance between speed and accuracy.

Another idea: the current code evaluates the objective at the perturbed guess and then optimizes. However, sometimes the perturbed guess might be worse than the current best. Instead, perhaps it's better to use the current best as the starting point for the optimization, without perturbing it. But this might get stuck in local minima.

So, the current approach of perturbing the best solution is to encourage exploration.

In summary, the revised code would:

- Use the same initial_h_values.

- Use a different noise scale schedule.

- Use a different optimization method, perhaps L-BFGS-B.

But without knowing the exact implementation, I'll proceed with slight adjustments to the existing code.

Another possible change: the previous code uses 60 iterations. Let's consider doubling it to 120 iterations, but within the time budget.

Now, for the code.

The final code would modify the noise_scale and possibly the optimization parameters.

Here's the revised code:

import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    for _ in range(100):  # Increased the number of iterations
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Adjust the noise scale
        noise_scale = 0.05 * (1 - _ / 100)  # Larger initial noise
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-8, 'disp': False}
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

This code increases the number of iterations from 60 to 100, uses a larger initial noise scale (0.05 instead of 0.025), and adjusts the optimization parameters to possibly allow faster convergence. The options for SLSQP are adjusted to tighter tolerances.

This should allow for more exploration of the solution space, potentially leading to a better minimum.

Another possible optimization: using a different perturbation strategy, such as adding a small delta to certain points rather than random noise. However, this might be more complex.

In conclusion, this revised code should improve upon the previous version by exploring a larger portion of the solution space with adjusted parameters and a more gradual noise schedule.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    for _ in range(100):  # Increased iteration count for broader exploration
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        noise_scale = 0.03 * (1 - _ / 100)  # Adaptive noise scale 
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective, 
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```