<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for C₅, which is the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The task is to find a better upper bound by optimizing a step function h(x) that minimizes the maximum overlap integral.

The existing code uses a gradient-based optimization with perturbations and SLSQP, but maybe there's room for improvement. Let me think about possible strategies.

First, the previous approach starts with an initial guess and uses perturbations with diminishing noise. Maybe a different initialization could lead to better results. Also, maybe using a different optimization method or adjusting parameters could help.

I remember that for such problems, sometimes a more structured approach can be better. For example, using symmetry or periodicity in the function h(x) could help. Since the problem is over the interval [0,2], perhaps a symmetric function might balance the overlaps better.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points). Maybe varying the number of samples could yield a better solution. But the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe keeping n_points around 45 or 60 would be better than higher values. However, the user has to balance between the number of points and the optimization time.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization approach, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, could escape local minima better than gradient-based methods. But implementing those might take more code and time, and with the 100-second budget, it's a trade-off.

Another idea is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm or the COBYLA method might be better for constrained problems. Or, considering the constraints, perhaps using a penalty method for the integral constraint.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP with the constraint that the integral of h(x) is 1. The SLSQP method might be getting stuck in local optima. Maybe using multiple starting points or a more exploratory optimization strategy would help.

Also, perhaps the perturbation approach is not exploring the space effectively. Instead of adding Gaussian noise, maybe using a different perturbation strategy, like random swaps or more structured changes, could lead to better exploration.

Another point: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. To minimize this, perhaps we can model the problem as a minimax problem, which is challenging. However, since we are dealing with real-valued functions, maybe we can use a convex relaxation or other heuristic.

Wait, the existing code uses a fixed n_points. Let me check the previous code. The initial_h_values has n=45 samples. The code uses that and then perturbations. Maybe starting with a different initial guess, like a more optimal arrangement, could lead to better results.

But since the user mentions that initial_h_values is available, perhaps trying to improve that initial guess is the way to go. For example, maybe modifying the initial guess to be more evenly distributed.

Alternatively, perhaps considering a different structure for h(x). For example, if h is piecewise constant, maybe dividing the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 0 or 1, but with some transitions. However, the integral constraint must be satisfied. Alternatively, maybe using a binary function (0 or 1) but with certain placements. However, that would be more like a combinatorial problem, and the current approach is continuous.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps there's a way to partition the interval into regions where the overlap is balanced. For example, ensuring that for any shift k, the integral over the shifted function is as small as possible.

But how to translate that into an algorithm? Maybe using a more global optimization approach, like Bayesian optimization, but that might be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, maybe using a Fourier transform approach. The overlap integral can be rephrased in terms of Fourier transforms. Since the integral over h(x) times (1 - h(x + k)) is the same as the convolution of h and (1 - h), but I'm not sure how that would help in the optimization.

Wait, the cross-correlation in the code is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), which for a given h, gives the integral values for all possible shifts. The maximum of these values multiplied by dx is the C₅.

So the problem is to find h that minimizes the maximum of these cross-correlation values. This is a minimax problem, which is challenging.

In the previous approach, the code uses a local search with perturbations. To improve this, perhaps using a more global optimization strategy. However, with time constraints, maybe a better approach is to adjust the existing method's parameters.

Let me think about the hyperparameters. The previous code uses a loop of 60 iterations, each with a perturbation of decreasing noise. The noise scale is 0.025 multiplied by (1 - _ /60), so it starts at 0.025 and decreases. Maybe adjusting the noise scale, the number of iterations, or the optimization method's parameters could help.

Also, the optimization method used is SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a different method, like the Powell method, or COBYLA, which can handle bounds better.

Another idea: instead of using a grid of perturbations, perhaps using a more structured approach where the function h is built in a way that ensures a balanced overlap. For example, placing the function's intervals such that they avoid overlapping too much with their shifted versions.

Alternatively, since the problem is symmetric, maybe using a function that has a periodic pattern. For example, if the function is periodic with period 1, then the overlap with shifts of 1 would be easier to manage. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, considering that the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], the average value of h is 0.5. So maybe the function h is such that it's 1 in some regions and 0 in others, but with areas where it's 0.5. But again, how to structure that.

Alternatively, since the previous code uses a starting point, maybe improving that initial guess by modifying the existing initial_h_values. For example, if the initial_h_values is a binary-like pattern (0s and 1s), perhaps smoothing it slightly could help. Or, if it's a more complex structure, maybe adjusting the positions where h is higher or lower.

But without knowing what the initial_h_values look like, it's hard to say. Perhaps I should assume that the initial_h_values is a good starting point, but maybe there's a way to generate a better one.

Wait, the user says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So assuming that it's a good starting point, but maybe I can try to improve upon it by using different optimization strategies.

Another idea: instead of using a single initial guess, start with the initial guess and then try multiple perturbations, each time optimizing the parameters. Maybe using a more diverse set of starting points.

Alternatively, maybe using a multi-objective approach where not just the maximum is minimized, but also other overlaps are considered. However, the main objective is the maximum, so that's the focus.

Perhaps the previous code could be made more efficient by using a more effective optimization method. For example, using a gradient-based method with better settings, or using a different constraint handling.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (60), but maybe varying the number of iterations based on time elapsed. However, the code already breaks when the budget is exceeded.

Wait, the current code's loop runs for 60 iterations, each time adding noise and optimizing. But maybe some iterations could be more effective than others. For example, starting with larger noise to explore the space, then smaller noise for fine-tuning.

Another possible improvement: using a different initial perturbation. Instead of adding Gaussian noise, perhaps using a random walk that alternates between increasing and decreasing certain points. Or maybe using a simplex-based approach for the perturbations.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm approach, where we evolve a population of h functions, selecting the ones with lower C₅ values, and mutating them. But implementing that in Python with a 100-second budget might be challenging, but possible.

But given the time constraints, perhaps sticking to the existing approach but refining it would be better. For example, adjusting the optimization method, the number of parameters, or the way the perturbations are generated.

Another idea: the existing code uses the same initial guess for all iterations, but after some perturbations, it uses the best found so far as the new starting point. Maybe this is effective, but perhaps using a more diverse set of starting points could help.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients and can handle constraints. Let me think about how to implement that.

In scipy.optimize, there is the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which can be used for optimization without gradients. However, it's not as efficient for constrained problems. But with the constraints, perhaps using the SLSQP method is better.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP, which is good for constrained optimization. However, maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could lead to better results.

Another point: the previous code has a loop of 60 iterations, each with a perturbation and an optimization. But maybe some of these iterations are not contributing much. Perhaps adjusting the number of iterations based on the time remaining would help, but the current code already stops when the budget is hit.

Alternatively, using multiple starting points from different initial guesses, but the problem states that the initial_h_values is available, and it's better to start from there.

Another possible improvement: instead of applying perturbations, maybe using a more systematic grid search over certain parameters. For example, if the h function is structured with certain features, such as being split into intervals with specific values, then optimizing the positions of those splits.

But how to model that? For example, if h is made up of k intervals where it's either 1 or 0, with certain lengths, then the problem becomes a combinatorial one. But the current code is for a continuous function, which might not fit that.

Alternatively, using a piecewise constant function with a certain number of segments. For example, maybe dividing the interval into 5 or 6 segments, and optimizing their positions and heights. But that might be too restrictive.

Another idea: the overlap integral for shifts of k can be thought of as the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). If we think of this as a convolution, maybe we can use some properties of Fourier transforms. The maximum of the cross-correlation can be related to the spectral properties of h. But how to apply that for optimization.

Alternatively, trying to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation by balancing the function such that it's as uniform as possible. For instance, ensuring that the function has no peaks that are too high, and no valleys that are too low. This might be achieved by making the function as flat as possible, but given the integral constraint, it's not straightforward.

Wait, the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], so the average value is 0.5. So if h(x) is as close to 0.5 as possible, perhaps the overlaps would be minimized. But that's not necessarily the case, because the overlap integral depends on the structure of h over different shifts.

Hmm. So maybe the optimal h is a function that is as "spread out" as possible, avoiding having large regions of 1 or 0. But again, how to translate this into an algorithm.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more informed initialization. For example, the initial_h_values could be a known good starting point. If the user has access to it, maybe it's already an improved starting point, so the focus should be on refining it.

Another approach: perhaps using a simulated annealing algorithm, where the temperature decreases over time, allowing for exploration at higher temperatures and exploitation at lower temperatures. But implementing this in Python with the given constraints might take time.

But given the time budget, perhaps it's better to stick with the existing approach and tweak some parameters.

Looking back at the previous code, here are some possible changes:

1. Increase the number of iterations, but that might not be possible within the time.
2. Adjust the noise scale. For example, using a larger initial noise scale and then decreasing it more gradually.
3. Use a different optimization method for the inner loop. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a bounded optimization method.
4. Use a different way to generate perturbations, such as random swaps of certain points or adjusting segments.
5. Use a different constraint handling. For instance, using a different penalty function or equality constraint.

Wait, the current code uses 'SLSQP' with the constraint on the sum. Let me check if that's the right approach. The integral constraint is sum(h) * dx = 1, which is equivalent to sum(h) = n_points / 2. The code uses an equality constraint for this. That's correct.

Another idea: maybe using a different objective function. The current code computes the maximum of the cross-correlation values. Perhaps using a different metric, like the maximum over a few shifts, but that might not be effective.

Alternatively, since the maximum is the critical value, perhaps the optimization can focus on reducing the largest cross-correlation value, using a penalty term in the objective function that penalizes large values.

But how to implement that. Maybe using a softmax approach or other techniques to prioritize the maximum value.

Alternatively, maybe using a neural network to approximate the optimal h function, but that might be beyond the time constraints.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach, where multiple initial guesses are tried, each time using different perturbations or structures.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to tweak the existing code.

For example, changing the optimization method to 'L-BFGS-B' or 'COBYLA', and adjusting the perturbation parameters. Let me try to think about how that could be implemented.

In the existing code, inside the loop, each perturbed guess is optimized using SLSQP. Maybe switching to another method for the inner optimization.

Another idea: use a different perturbation strategy. For example, instead of adding Gaussian noise, which can be too random, perhaps using a more structured perturbation, like swapping certain elements or adjusting segments.

But how to implement that quickly.

Alternatively, maybe using a random perturbation that keeps the sum constraint. For example, when perturbing, ensure that the sum remains equal to n_points / 2. But that might complicate the perturbation process.

Alternatively, since the current code uses a perturbation and then clips the values to [0,1], maybe the noise scale could be adjusted. For example, starting with a larger noise scale early on, to explore the space, and then decrease it.

In the current code, the noise scale is 0.025 multiplied by (1 - _ / 60). So the initial noise is 0.025, and it decreases linearly. Perhaps increasing the initial noise or adjusting the rate of decrease could help in exploring the space more effectively.

Another possible change: instead of using SLSQP for each perturbation, use a different optimization method that's faster or more effective. For example, using 'Nelder-Mead' which doesn't require gradients but can handle constraints. However, 'Nelder-Mead' might not handle the equality constraint as well as SLSQP.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, first using a global optimization method to find a good candidate, then using SLSQP for local refinement.

But without knowing the exact issues with the current approach, it's hard to say. Perhaps the existing code could be modified by increasing the number of iterations, but given the time budget, that may not be feasible.

Another thought: the previous code's inner minimize call has 'maxiter' set to 250, which is a lot for each iteration. Maybe reducing that number could speed things up, but also might prevent finding a good solution.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method and reducing the number of iterations.

In summary, the previous approach is a local search with perturbations and a local optimizer. To improve it, perhaps:

- Try different optimization methods.
- Adjust the perturbation parameters.
- Use multiple starting points.
- Adjust the number of iterations and their parameters.

Now, considering all this, here's a plan for the new code:

1. Start with the initial_h_values and use it as the first guess.
2. Use a different optimization method, such as 'L-BFGS-B', which is efficient for bounded problems.
3. Adjust the perturbation strategy to use larger initial noise and maybe more structured changes.
4. Increase the number of iterations or adjust the loop based on time.
5. Use a different way to handle the constraints, perhaps using a penalty method if needed.

But since the code must be written in a way that fits within the constraints, I need to code these changes.

Another idea: instead of perturbing in a Gaussian way, maybe randomly selecting a subset of points to adjust, keeping their sum constraint. For example, for each iteration, randomly select a subset of points, and adjust their values while maintaining the sum.

But implementing that would require more code.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, creating a more uniform h function. But without knowing the structure, it's hard to say.

In the end, perhaps the best option is to modify the existing code by:

- Changing the optimization method to 'L-BFGS-B' which might converge faster.
- Adjusting the noise scale to start higher and decrease more gradually.
- Adding more iterations.

Let me try to outline the code changes.

First, modifying the method to 'L-BFGS-B' in the minimize call.

Also, changing the noise scale: perhaps 0.05 initially and decreasing to 0.01.

But I need to code that.

Another possibility: using a different function to compute the objective. Wait, the current code computes the cross-correlation directly. Maybe precomputing some parts could save time, but in Python, it's probably not a big issue.

Another thing to note: the code is allowed to use all the scipy and numpy functions. So, perhaps using vectorized operations or more efficient code can help, but the current code already uses numpy.

Putting it all together, the code would look something like this:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- In each iteration, add a larger perturbation initially, then decrease.
- Use a different optimization method.
- Possibly increase the number of iterations.

But considering the time budget, maybe using the same structure but adjusting the parameters.

For example, in the code, changing the noise scale to 0.05, and adjusting the number of iterations to 100, but then the code may take longer. Need to balance that.

Alternatively, using a more aggressive perturbation.

In the code, the loop runs for 60 iterations. Maybe increasing that to 100, but then the code may exceed the time budget. However, if the code can run in under 100 seconds, that's acceptable.

But given that the previous code runs for 60 iterations, which may take some time, the new code might have to be faster.

Another idea: instead of using the SLSQP method for each perturbation, use the 'SLSQP' method with more tolerance and tight settings, or use the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which might be faster for some cases.

But without knowing which method is better, it's hard to say.

In conclusion, here's the plan for the new code:

1. Start with the initial_h_values.
2. In each iteration, generate a perturbation with a larger initial noise, decreasing over time.
3. Use the 'L-BFGS-B' method for optimization, which is better for bounded problems.
4. Adjust the constraints and other parameters.
5. Increase the number of iterations if possible within the time.

This is the approach I'll implement in the code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    for _ in range(80):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        noise_scale = 0.05 * (1 - _ / 80)  # Larger initial noise
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='L-BFGS-B',  # More efficient for bounded problems
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'disp': False}
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```