<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a hill-climbing approach with SLSQP to minimize the overlap integral. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The goal is to get a lower C₅ value.

First, I need to understand the problem better. The task is to find a step function h(x) on [0,2] with integral 1, and minimize the maximum overlap integral when shifted by k. The overlap integral for each k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The maximum over all k is C₅.

The previous approach used an initial guess and then perturbed it with noise, optimizing using SLSQP. However, that might get stuck in local minima. Maybe I can try different methods or improve the search strategy.

Hmm, one idea is to use a different optimization strategy. Instead of perturbing and optimizing, maybe use a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing. But those might be slow. Alternatively, using gradient-based methods but with better initializations or parameter tuning.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with some constraints. Maybe I can try a different optimization method, like using the COBYLA or Nelder-Mead, which don't require gradients. Or perhaps use a more efficient way to handle the constraints.

Another thought: the objective function is the maximum of several correlations. The current code computes the max of the full correlation, which is the convolution. Maybe there's a way to approximate this maximum by focusing on specific shifts k that are more critical. For example, the worst case shift might be around the length of the interval. For [0,2], shifts like k=1 or k=2 could be critical.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a more tractable form. Let me think about the integral. The integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx over [0,2]. For different values of k, this could be considered as overlapping regions. Since the function is periodic in some sense, perhaps the maximum occurs at specific k values.

Another angle: the initial guess is based on a known construction. The user mentioned that the previous code starts from initial_h_values with n=45 samples. Maybe generating a different initial guess could help escape local optima. For example, using a different pattern like a periodic function or a more spaced-out distribution.

Wait, the problem mentions that lower C₅ is better. The previous code's best was 0.381145. The target is to reach 0.380876. So even small improvements are valuable. How can I improve the optimization process?

Maybe try a more aggressive search, perhaps with multiple starting points. The previous method uses perturbations around the best found so far. What if I generate multiple initial guesses based on different patterns and optimize each one? Or use a multi-start approach with different initial configurations.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the noise scale over time could help. Also, the noise scale decreases over time, which might lead to premature convergence. Perhaps an adaptive noise scaling strategy would be better.

Alternatively, using a different optimization library. The previous code uses scipy.optimize. Maybe using a different solver, like a genetic algorithm from scipy.optimize, could find better solutions. However, genetic algorithms can be slow, especially with large n_points. But since the user prefers small n_points, maybe n=50 or 100 is manageable.

Wait, the problem states that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The initial code uses 45 samples. Maybe trying with a different n_points, like 50 or 60, could lead to better results. But how to balance between the number of samples and the time budget.

Alternatively, could I model the problem as a quadratic programming problem? The overlap integral could have some structure that allows for formulating the problem in terms of variables and constraints. But I'm not sure how to do that directly.

Another approach is to consider the problem as a minimax optimization. We need to minimize the maximum over all k of the integral. This can be viewed as a bilevel optimization problem, but that's complex. However, perhaps using a surrogate function or approximations could help.

Wait, the current code computes the correlation of h with 1-h, which is equivalent to the convolution. The maximum value for each shift k is the overlap integral. The full convolution gives all shifts, but perhaps we can focus on shifts where the overlap is likely to be maximum. For example, in the case of the interval [0, 2], shifting by 1 or 2 could be the worst case.

Alternatively, perhaps for each k, the overlap integral can be approximated, and we can enforce some constraints on those critical k's. But how to integrate that into the optimization.

Another thought: the integral over [0,2] for a fixed k is the area of overlap between h and 1 - h shifted by k. Since h is a step function, the overlap could be analyzed by looking at the regions where h(x) and 1 - h(x + k) are both 1 or 0.

Wait, but the integral is h(x) multiplied by (1 - h(x + k)). So for any x, if h(x) is 1, then (1 - h(x + k)) is 1 if h(x +k) is 0. Otherwise, it's 0. So the integral would be the measure of x where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. But since the function is defined on [0,2], the shift k can cause wrap-around. For example, when k is larger than 2, the integral is over the overlapping region. But in the problem statement, the correlation is computed as a full convolution, which includes all k shifts, but the integral is over the overlapping region.

But perhaps focusing on k in [0,2] (since h is defined on [0,2]) would be sufficient. Wait, the full convolution would consider all possible shifts, but for the integral to be meaningful, the overlapping region between h and 1-h shifted by k would depend on k. For example, for k=0, the integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x)) which is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x) is 0. Which is zero. But that's not useful. Wait, but the maximum over k. So the worst case is when the shift leads to the maximum possible overlap.

But how to model this. Maybe the problem can be rephrased as finding a function h such that the maximum of the integral over all k of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx is minimized. This seems like a challenging problem.

Back to the optimization approach. The previous code used SLSQP with a perturbation strategy. Perhaps using a different optimization method, like Nelder-Mead, could yield better results. Or maybe using a combination of methods.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. The current code uses the entire correlation array, but maybe focusing on the most critical k's would be better. For example, the maximum might occur at specific k's, so we could compute the integrals for those k's and minimize the maximum of them.

Wait, but computing the maximum of all k is required. So perhaps the code is correct in that aspect.

Another idea: the current code's objective function is the maximum of the correlation values multiplied by dx. The correlation is computed over the full mode, which includes all possible shifts. So the code is correct in that aspect.

Now, thinking about the hyperparameters. The previous code uses a noise scale that decreases over time. Maybe adjusting the noise scale, or using a different perturbation strategy (like a uniform distribution instead of normal), could help. Also, the number of iterations and the maximum number of iterations in the optimization.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient starting point. The initial_h_values may not be the best, but if I can generate a better initial guess, perhaps by using a different pattern. For example, a more evenly distributed set of steps. Or using a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that minimizes overlap.

Wait, for example, if the function h(x) is designed such that it has regions of 1 and 0, and the shifts that would cause high overlap are avoided. For instance, if the function h is a union of intervals where it is 1, and the shifts that align these intervals with 0 regions are avoided.

But how to design such a function? Maybe using a symmetric pattern or some structured approach. However, translating that into a numerical optimization problem is not straightforward.

Another thought: using a different parameterization of the problem. For example, instead of using a step function with n_points samples, perhaps model the function as a periodic function with certain properties, and then sample it. But again, this might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, considering that the integral over all k is related to the autocorrelation of the function 1 - h. But I'm not sure how to use that here.

Back to the code. The previous code uses a loop with 120 iterations, each time perturbing the current best guess and then optimizing. The problem is that this might converge to a local minimum. Maybe trying different starting points would help. For example, generating multiple initial guesses and running the optimization for each, then selecting the best.

But how to generate those initial guesses? The user has an initial_h_values, but perhaps creating a different initial guess by modifying it. For example, using a genetic algorithm-like approach, but that might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, what if I use a different optimization algorithm, like COBYLA, which handles bounds and constraints. Or maybe use a more aggressive optimization method.

Another possible adjustment: instead of using SLSQP, use the differential evolution method from scipy.optimize. It's a global optimization method that could escape local optima, but it's slower. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, maybe it's feasible.

Let me think: the differential evolution (DE) method is a population-based approach that can explore the search space more thoroughly. However, with n_points=45, each evaluation of the objective function would take O(n) time for the correlation. So the cost is manageable, but DE can be slow.

Alternatively, maybe combining the previous approach with DE. For example, using DE to generate candidate solutions, and then refine them with SLSQP.

But given the time constraints, perhaps trying a different approach that uses DE could be worth it.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model it as an L-inf optimization. The objective is to minimize the maximum of several terms. This can be handled by converting it into a minimax problem. However, in optimization, this is typically handled via the max function and constraints.

But in practice, for the code, the previous approach computes the maximum of all the correlation values, and uses that as the objective. So the code is correct in that aspect.

Wait, the previous code uses the maximum of the correlation array multiplied by dx. So for each candidate h, the code computes all possible k's and takes the maximum. That is correct.

So, maybe the previous code is already doing the correct thing, but the optimization method could be improved. For example, using a different optimizer, or adjusting the parameters such as the tolerance, number of iterations, etc.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, since the correlation is a full convolution, but the integral for a given k is only over the overlapping region. However, in practice, the code computes the full convolution and then multiplies by dx, which is correct.

Another idea: for the code's constraints, the sum of h is fixed. The current code uses an equality constraint. Perhaps adding some inequality constraints or using a penalty method could help, but the current approach is correct.

Hmm, maybe the current code's perturbation strategy is too simple. Instead of adding normal noise, perhaps using some other perturbation mechanism that samples from a different distribution, like uniform, or a combination.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where each iteration of the loop applies a different perturbation strategy.

Another thing to consider is the initial guess. The initial_h_values is given, but perhaps starting from a different initial guess could lead to better performance. For example, generating an initial guess that's more spread out, or one that uses a different pattern.

But how to generate that without hardcoding? For example, creating a function that generates a random initial guess that satisfies the constraints. Or using a gradient-based approach to generate an initial guess.

Alternatively, what if we use a metropolis-hasting algorithm to explore the space, but that's probably too slow.

Another thought: the current code uses the same starting point for each iteration (the best_h from previous steps), and perturbs it. However, this might lead to suboptimal results. Maybe instead, each iteration should consider multiple perturbations from different starting points, or use a more diverse set of candidates.

Alternatively, use a Bayesian optimization approach, but that requires more complex setup.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to try a different optimization method, such as using differential evolution, which is more global, but requires careful tuning.

So, I'll modify the code to use differential evolution instead of SLSQP. Let's see.

But first, the code must run within 100 seconds. Let's estimate the time per iteration. For n=45, each objective evaluation would take a bit of time. Differential evolution has population sizes, and with a small population, maybe it can fit within the time.

But the problem is that the previous code has a loop of 120 iterations, each with one optimization. That's 120 runs of SLSQP. If we switch to DE, which has a fixed number of iterations (generations), perhaps that's more efficient.

Alternatively, use a combination of methods. But let's think about the code structure.

Let me outline the steps:

1. Generate an initial guess. Use the initial_h_values, or some other initial guess.

2. Perform optimization using a different method, like differential evolution, or some other global optimization.

But the problem is that DE is more suitable for finding global minima, but may be slower. However, since the code has a time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps this approach could be feasible.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first use DE for a few generations, then refine with SLSQP.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of the overlaps, which is a convex function? Not sure. The problem might have many local minima, so global optimization is necessary.

Therefore, changing the optimization method to differential evolution could be beneficial.

So, modifying the code to use scipy.optimize.differential_evolution.

But the differential evolution requires the bounds and the objective function.

Additionally, the constraints (sum of h must be fixed) need to be handled. How?

One approach is to use a penalty method, where the objective function is the maximum of the correlation plus a penalty term for violating the sum constraint.

Alternatively, incorporate the constraint into the optimization.

But in the case of DE, the constraints can be handled via bounds and equality constraints, but the DE solver may not support equality constraints directly. So perhaps using a penalty approach.

Wait, the problem has an equality constraint: sum(h) = target_sum. So, when forming the objective function, we can add a penalty term for when the sum deviates from the target. However, the DE method in scipy may not support equality constraints, so it's better to handle it via penalty.

Alternatively, during the optimization, the constraints are handled by the algorithm, but that's not straightforward.

Therefore, perhaps using a modified objective function that includes a penalty term for sum(h) - target_sum. So, the objective function becomes:

objective(h) = max_correlation * dx + lambda * |sum(h) - target_sum|.

But for the constraints to be satisfied, we need some way to enforce it. However, the DE method is not designed for equality constraints. Therefore, perhaps the penalty method is the way to go.

But this approach could lead to a solution that has sum(h) close to the target, but not exactly. However, the problem requires the sum to be exactly target_sum. Therefore, perhaps a better way is to augment the problem with a constraint that sum(h) is exactly target_sum.

But the scipy.optimize.differential_evolution doesn't support constraints directly. So, perhaps the best way is to use the constraint in a different way, or use a different solver that supports it.

Alternatively, use the SLSQP method with a different initialization.

Hmm, given that the previous approach uses SLSQP and has some issues with getting stuck in local minima, perhaps switching to a different method is better.

But I'm not sure. Let me think: the previous code tried to perturb the current best solution, which is a local search method. The differential evolution is a global search method, which may find better solutions.

So, perhaps modifying the code to use differential evolution for the entire search, rather than perturbing and optimizing.

But how to handle the sum constraint in DE.

Alternatively, in the DE method, we can model the problem as minimizing the objective function plus a penalty for the sum constraint.

But that might not be as effective. Another approach is to use the sum as part of the bounds. But the sum is not a bound, it's an equality constraint.

Alternatively, during the optimization, we can scale the h values so that the sum is approximately target_sum. But that's not straightforward.

Alternatively, since the sum must be exactly n_points/2, we can use the method of Lagrange multipliers, but that would require reformulating the problem.

But for the code, perhaps the best approach is to use a hybrid method: use DE to find a good initial guess, then use SLSQP to refine it.

But given the time constraints, perhaps trying a different approach is better.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed noise scale that decreases over time. Maybe making the perturbation larger early on to explore the search space, and smaller later to refine.

Alternatively, using a random restart approach with multiple random initial guesses.

But the user has provided an initial_h_values, so perhaps using that as a starting point, and exploring nearby regions.

Alternatively, trying a different initial guess. For example, creating an initial guess that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that minimizes the overlap.

But how to create such a pattern algorithmically.

For example, suppose we divide the interval [0,2] into segments and assign h to be 1 in some segments and 0 in others. The optimal arrangement would be to space the segments in such a way that shifting them doesn't overlap much.

This resembles a binary code design, where the spacing between 1's is maximized. For example, using a binary sequence with no two 1's too close together.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem.

For instance, if we have some pattern of 1's and 0's spaced out, then the overlap for shifts would be small. However, this is a heuristic and may not be optimal. But perhaps generating such a pattern and using it as an initial guess could help.

But the code needs to generate it algorithmically. For example, placing the 1's at positions that are spread out as much as possible.

But how to do that with the given n_points. For example, if n_points is 45, then the total interval is 2 units. So, placing 1's every 2 / (number_of_ones) units.

But the number of 1's is sum(h) which is n_points/2. For example, with n_points=45, sum h is 45/2 = 22.5. So, since h is a step function, the sum is the number of 1's times dx, but since dx is 2/45, the sum is (number of 1's) * dx * (length of intervals where h is 1). But this is getting complicated.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial guess is not the best. For example, the current code starts with the initial_h_values which may not be optimal. So, trying a different initial guess could lead to better results.

But how to generate a different initial guess. For example, creating a periodic pattern, or a shifted version of the initial guess.

But the user has provided initial_h_values, which may not be the best. So, perhaps generate a different pattern based on a known construction.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal solution is a function that is a combination of intervals, perhaps creating a pattern with equally spaced intervals where h is 1 and 0. For example, placing the 1's every certain distance.

But how to implement that.

Another idea: For the initial guess, create a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 otherwise, such that the sum is n_points/2. For example, if the number of 1's is m, then each interval has length 2/m, and the total length is m*(2/m) = 2. So, the sum of h(x) dx is m * (2/m) * (1) = 2, but the required sum is 1. Wait, no. The integral of h(x) over [0,2] should be 1. So if the function h(x) is 1 on intervals of total length 1, then the integral is 1. So, for example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into m intervals, each of length 2/m, and set h(x) to 1 on k of those intervals, such that k*(2/m) = 1. So m = 2k. Therefore, k = m/2. So, this is possible for even m. But this is getting complicated.

But this is just a thought. Perhaps generating an initial guess with evenly spaced 1's would help. For example, for n_points=45, placing 22 or 23 1's in such a way that they are spread out.

But how to do this algorithmically. For example, creating an array where h is 1 at regular intervals.

But the user wants to avoid hardcoding long lists. So, perhaps using a formula.

For example, the initial guess could be a function that is 1 at positions i*dx, where i is in a certain set. But how to choose that set.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess with sum equal to target_sum. But this may not be helpful.

Another approach: use the previous code's initial_h_values but modify it slightly. For example, shift some of the values to create more spaced-out intervals.

But again, how to implement that without hardcoding.

At this point, I think the best path is to try a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, and see if it can find a better solution within the time budget.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution for the optimization.

But how to handle the sum constraint. Let's assume that the sum is approximately correct, and use a penalty for the deviation.

The objective function would then be:

def objective(h_values):
    h = np.array(h_values)
    corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr) * dx
    sum_error = np.abs(np.sum(h) - target_sum)
    return max_corr + penalty * sum_error

But the penalty needs to be chosen such that the sum constraint is satisfied. However, this is not certain. But during the optimization, the penalty could be adjusted.

Alternatively, during the optimization, the sum is not enforced precisely, but the penalty is large enough to ensure that the sum is close to the target. However, this is a heuristic.

But given that, perhaps we can use this approach. For example, the penalty could be a large value like 1e6, which would drive the optimizer to minimize the sum error.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution with this objective function.

However, the scipy.optimize.differential_evolution requires the bounds, and the objective function.

So, the code would look something like this:

In the run function, after defining the objective and the target_sum, we could use differential evolution.

But how to handle the constraints. Also, the dx is fixed based on n_points.

But for the code, here's an outline:

import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize

def run(...):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr) * dx
        sum_error = np.abs(np.sum(h) - target_sum)
        return max_corr + 1e6 * sum_error

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    result = optimize.differential_evolution(
        fun=objective,
        bounds=bounds,
        strategy='best1bin',
        popsize=15,
        maxiter=200,
        tol=1e-6,
        mutation=(0.5, 1),
        recombination=0.8,
        disp=True,
        polish=True
    )

    best_h = result.x
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

But this is a rough draft. However, the differential evolution might take longer to run, and the penalty term may not be sufficient. Also, the mutation and recombination parameters need tuning.

Another thing: the corr calculation may be time-consuming. But given the time budget of 100 seconds, it might be manageable.

But in the previous code, the optimization is done with multiple iterations of perturbing and optimizing. Switching to DE would replace that with one optimization run.

But the problem is that DE might not converge to the optimal solution quickly enough within the time budget. Alternatively, using a combination of DE and SLSQP.

But given the time, perhaps trying DE is worth it.

However, I need to ensure that the code is within the constraints. Also, the previous code had a loop with multiple perturbations, which may be unnecessary.

Alternatively, combining the two approaches: using a few iterations of differential evolution and then refine.

But to keep it simple, let's proceed with the DE approach.

But the code must return the best solution found within the 100 seconds. Also, the initial guess may be used as a starting point, but DE doesn't take an initial guess. Alternatively, we can pass the initial guess as part of the population.

But in the scipy.optimize.differential_evolution, the initial population is randomly generated within the bounds. However, if we can set the initial population to be based on the initial_h_values, that might help. But how?

The differential_evolution function doesn't allow passing an initial population directly, so that's a limitation. So, the initial population is randomly generated, which may not be helpful. So, perhaps using the initial_h_values as a starting point for the DE.

Alternatively, use the initial guess as the initial population. But how to do that.

This is getting complex. Another possible improvement is to use the initial guess as a starting point for the DE.

Alternatively, given the time, perhaps the best approach is to try using the current code but tweak the hyperparameters.

For example, increasing the number of iterations, adjusting the noise scale, and using a different optimization method like COBYLA.

Alternatively, using a combination of perturbations and optimization with different parameters.

Another idea: during the optimization, after finding a local minimum, restart the optimization with a different perturbation strategy.

But this is what the previous code does, with some modifications.

In the previous code, after each iteration, the code perturbs the best_h and runs SLSQP with that. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or changing the way perturbations are made would help.

For example, instead of using normal noise with decreasing scale, perhaps adding random perturbations with a larger scale initially and then smaller.

Another possibility is to use a different optimization method for the perturbation step. For example, using the Nelder-Mead method.

But given the time, I think the best path is to try modifying the previous code by using a different optimization method, like COBYLA or Nelder-Mead, and see if that improves the results.

Alternatively, use a different strategy for generating perturbations.

In the previous code, perturb is generated as np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points). The noise_scale decreases over time. Maybe changing the noise_scale to start large and decrease slowly could help.

Alternatively, using a uniform distribution for perturbations.

For example, perturb = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, size=n_points).

But I need to see how this affects the optimization.

But the previous code's noise_scale is 0.03 * (1 - i/120). So for i=0, it's 0.03, then decreases.

Another idea: during the perturbation step, make more significant changes to the current best solution to explore other regions.

But again, this requires testing.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the perturb step. For example, using the SLSQP method with more aggressive settings.

But I think the main issue is that the previous code may not be exploring the search space thoroughly enough. To address this, perhaps use a more diverse set of starting points and optimize them.

But generating those starting points could be time-consuming. Alternatively, using the initial guess as the starting point and perturbing it in various ways.

But to implement this within the code, perhaps trying different perturbation strategies.

In conclusion, given the time, I'll proceed with modifying the previous code to use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and see if that leads to better results.

However, considering the time restrictions and the complexity of handling the sum constraint, perhaps a better approach is to use the current method but adjust the hyperparameters and perturbation strategy.

So, I'll modify the code to use a different optimization method, such as COBYLA, and adjust the noise_scale and number of iterations.

Another possible improvement: reducing the number of iterations in the SLSQP optimization, but increasing the number of perturbations.

Alternatively, using a higher number of iterations with a smaller noise scale.

But to keep the code concise, I'll proceed to adjust the previous code by changing the optimization method to COBYLA, which is better for bounded optimization and may handle the constraints more effectively.

Wait, COBYLA is a method that handles bounds and constraints, so it's suitable for this problem.

So, modifying the code to use COBYLA with a different number of iterations and other parameters.

But let's proceed.

Here's the revised plan:

- Use the initial_guess from initial_h_values.
- For each iteration, perturb the current best guess with noise.
- Run COBYLA optimization on the perturbed guess.
- Track the best solution found.

By changing the SLSQP method to COBYLA, we might get better convergence.

In the previous code, the code used SLSQP with optional parameters. Changing to COBYLA would be similar.

But also, adjusting the noise_scale parameters, or the number of iterations.

Another possible adjustment: using a larger number of iterations for the optimization within each step.

In the previous code, the optimization is run with maxiter=300. Maybe increasing that to 500, but that would take more time. However, within the 100-second budget, it may be feasible.

In the end, after trying various strategies, it's likely that the best improvement comes from a different optimization approach, like using a more global method.

However, given the time constraints, I think the best approach is to proceed with the previous code but make some tweaks to improve its performance.

Therefore, the final code would adjust the optimization method, parameters, and perturbation strategy to see if it can find a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    for i in range(100):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        noise_scale = 0.05 * (1 - i / 100)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```