<think>
Okay, so I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The previous program uses a local search with perturbations and SLSQP optimization, but I need to find a better approach.

First, I should think about why the previous approach might not be sufficient. The initial guess is based on the existing construction, but maybe starting from different points could lead to better results. Also, the optimization method used (SLSQP) might be getting stuck in local minima. Maybe a different optimization strategy, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, could help. Alternatively, using more advanced optimization techniques or adjusting the hyperparameters would be better.

Wait, but the constraints are that the function h is a step function over [0,2], with integral 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. The goal is to minimize this maximum value.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function h that overlaps minimally with its shifted versions. This is related to anti-correlation. So maybe a better approach is to look for a function that's as uncorrelated as possible with its shifts.

The previous code tried perturbing the initial guess with noise and optimizing, but maybe we can use a more structured approach. For example, using a block design or a periodic pattern. Since the interval is [0,2], perhaps dividing it into regions where h is 0 or 1, or some other pattern that repeats every certain interval.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. The SLSQP method might not be the best here. Maybe a gradient-based method with more tuning? Or perhaps using a different starting point.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we try to balance the overlaps over different shifts. But that seems complex, as the number of constraints is infinite (or very large). But with discretization, perhaps we can approximate this with a finite number of constraints. However, with the current setup, the code uses a single objective function (the maximum of the correlations) and uses a perturbation-based approach.

Wait, the current approach is trying to minimize C₅ by optimizing the function h, but the objective is the maximum of the correlations. The optimization is over h, with the constraint that the integral of h is 1. This is a non-convex problem, which is why the code uses a local optimization approach. However, different starting points and optimization methods might yield better results.

An alternative strategy is to use a more global optimization method, such as simulated annealing or genetic algorithms. However, these are computationally expensive and may not fit within the 100-second budget. But given that the previous code already uses local search and might not be sufficient, perhaps trying a different approach could help.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be approximated by considering the overlapping integrals for a specific set of shifts. For example, if we can find a function h that has minimal overlap for a few shifts, maybe that would lead to a better overall result. But how to choose which shifts to focus on?

Another angle: the current program uses a fixed number of iterations (120) with decreasing noise. Maybe adjusting the number of iterations or the noise parameters could help. Also, the optimization method's parameters, like ftol and eps, might be tuned for better convergence.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. If the problem is highly non-convex, this approach may not find the global minimum. So maybe using a different optimization approach, like Bayesian optimization, could help, but that's more complex.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess might be beneficial. The initial_h_values provided could be a local minimum, so trying other starting points could lead to better results. For example, generating a random initial guess with the correct integral, but not just the initial one.

But the problem requires the code to be efficient, and with the budget of 100 seconds, maybe a more structured approach is better.

Another thought: since the overlap integral is maximized over k, perhaps the worst-case shift k is related to the period of the function h. If h is periodic with a certain period, the overlap might be minimized for that period. But how to design such a h?

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to designing a low-correlation sequence. In signal processing, sequences with low autocorrelation are used, but here it's a continuous function. However, perhaps a similar approach can be used, like using a function with high variations to minimize overlaps.

But how to model this? Maybe using a piecewise constant function with specific intervals. For example, dividing [0,2] into a few segments where h is either 0 or 1, and then finding the optimal allocation of these segments.

However, the number of segments is a variable here. For example, with n_points = 45, the code uses a step function, but perhaps a different number of points would be better. However, the code is supposed to use the initial_h_values with n_points = 45. Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, and the code uses len(initial_h_values) as n_points. So the previous code uses n=45. The user might be okay with using that number of points or trying other numbers.

But the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. However, the current code uses 45 points. Maybe using a smaller number of points could help, but the initial solution may not be good enough. However, the problem says to use the initial_h_values if available, which is 45 points. So perhaps trying to optimize with similar number of points but different initial strategies.

Another idea: instead of using a perturbation approach, maybe using a more structured optimization. For example, using a gradient descent approach with a specific learning rate, or using a different optimization method like COBYLA (which handles bounds) or L-BFGS-B.

Alternatively, maybe using a penalty method where the objective function is the maximum of the correlations, and the constraints are handled with a penalty. But that's similar to what the previous code does.

Wait, the current code uses the maximum of the correlation values as the objective. However, the maximum is non-differentiable, which might make the optimization tricky. Perhaps reformulating the problem by considering each possible shift separately, and ensuring that all are minimized. But with the current code's approach, it's a single objective function that tries to minimize the worst-case.

Another approach: using a random search over the space of possible h functions, but with the constraints. However, this is computationally expensive. For example, generating a random h function, ensuring the integral is 1, then evaluating the C₅ value, and keeping the best one. But with 100 seconds, this might not be feasible unless the number of evaluations is limited.

But given that the initial code uses SLSQP with a limited number of iterations, perhaps trying a different optimization strategy with more diversity in the search. For example, using a combination of local optimization and global search methods.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral is a convolution-like operation, perhaps using Fourier analysis. The h function is a step function, and we can think of the integral as related to the Fourier transform. But I'm not sure how to apply that directly here.

Another idea: since the problem involves minimizing the maximum of the overlaps, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is as uncorrelated as possible with its shifts. This could correspond to a function that's flat in some regions and spiked in others, but with careful spacing. For example, placing the 1s in the h function in such a way that they are spaced out, so that shifting the function doesn't align them with the 1s of the original.

But how to model this? Maybe using a cosine-based function or some other periodic function. However, the step function approach might be better suited for the problem.

Wait, the initial code uses the initial_h_values which is a specific construction. Perhaps the key is to improve upon that construction. Maybe modifying the initial_h_values in a certain way.

Another approach is to use a more efficient optimization. For example, using the SLSQP method but with different parameters, such as increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance. But the previous code already does a certain number of iterations.

Alternatively, perhaps the objective function can be approximated using a smoother function. For example, instead of directly minimizing the maximum of the convolution values, approximate the maximum by a differentiable function, which could allow for better optimization. But this might be complex.

Another possible improvement is to use a better initial guess. For example, generating multiple starting points and running optimizations from each. However, with limited time, this could be computationally expensive. However, the code could be modified to try several different starting points, such as perturbations of the initial guess, random points, etc.

Incorporating this into the code, perhaps by creating a population of initial guesses and optimizing each, then choosing the best result. However, this would require more computation time.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization algorithm that can handle the non-convexity better, such as genetic algorithms. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time constraints might be challenging.

Another angle is to consider the structure of the overlap integral. For each shift k, the integral is the area where h(x) is 1 and (1 - h(x +k)) is 1. So, this is the area where h(x) = 1 and h(x +k) = 0. Therefore, the overlap integral is the measure of the set where h and its shifted version are non-overlapping. To minimize the maximum of these integrals for all k, h must be designed such that for any shift k, the area of non-overlapping regions is minimized.

This resembles a covering problem. For each possible k, the h function should be such that the regions where it is 1 and 0 overlap as little as possible with the shifted version.

Maybe the optimal h is a binary function (taking values 0 or 1) which is a union of intervals. The goal is to place these intervals such that their shifted versions have minimal overlap. But how to find such intervals?

This seems similar to a problem in covering or packing, where the intervals are placed to minimize the maximum overlap with shifted versions. However, finding such an optimal arrangement is non-trivial. However, since the function is a step function, perhaps we can model it as a binary vector with a certain number of 1s and 0s, and try to optimize their placement.

But with the given constraints (sum(h) = 1/2 * n_points), the number of 1s is fixed. Wait, the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. Since dx is 2/n_points, sum(h) * dx =1. So sum(h) = n_points / 2. So, the number of 1s in the h array would be approximately n_points / 2, but since h is a step function, each element is either 0 or 1. Wait, no. The step function could have values between 0 and 1, not just 0 or 1. So the function isn't necessarily binary. However, perhaps the optimal solution is a binary function, which could be easier to optimize.

But the previous code uses a continuous optimization approach, allowing h to be any value between 0 and 1. So maybe trying to restrict to binary functions could be better, but that would require a different approach. However, the code might not be able to handle that easily.

Another idea: using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. The current code computes the full convolution, which might be computationally expensive. But perhaps for the given n_points, it's manageable. However, maybe there's a way to optimize the evaluation of the maximum overlap integral. For example, precomputing the shifts k that are most relevant, and focus the optimization on those.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts, and trying to minimize those. For example, for a given h, compute all the overlap integrals for various k, then find the maximum. However, with the current setup, the code uses the full convolution, which includes all possible shifts. But perhaps for practical purposes, only a subset of shifts (like the ones around k=0, k=1, etc.) are critical. However, without knowing which shifts are critical, this is speculative.

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization method. For example, instead of SLSQP, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds well, or the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which is less sensitive to the initial guess.

Alternatively, using a different loss function. For example, instead of minimizing the maximum, we can try to minimize the sum of the overlaps, but this might not lead to the same result. However, the problem requires minimizing the maximum, so that's not directly helpful.

Another angle: the current code has a fixed number of iterations (120) with a decreasing noise scale. Maybe adjusting the noise parameters or using a more adaptive approach, like starting with larger perturbations and gradually reducing them as the optimization proceeds.

Alternatively, using a tabu search or other local search method with memory to avoid revisiting the same areas.

But given the time constraints, it's challenging to implement all these ideas. Perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code by changing the optimization method, adjusting parameters, and trying different initial guesses.

So, considering all that, here's a plan for the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Use a more efficient optimization method. Perhaps using the L-BFGS-B method, which is suitable for bound-constrained problems.
3. Improve the perturbation strategy. Instead of adding random noise, maybe use a more systematic approach, like varying specific parts of the function.
4. Try multiple starting points, not just the initial one.
5. Adjust the hyperparameters of the optimizer, like the tolerance and maximum iterations.
6. Consider using a different initial guess, such as a completely randomized function that meets the sum constraint.

But to implement this within the code, here's a possible adjustment:

- Use a combination of different optimization methods or try different starting points.
- Tune the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.
- Parallelize the optimization (but with only one CPU, that's not feasible).
- Use a different basin-hopping approach, where after local optimization, the code perturbs the solution and restarts.

But with the time budget, how to implement this effectively?

Alternatively, let's consider modifying the existing code. For example, using a more sophisticated perturbation strategy, like using a gradient-based update for the perturbations, or using multiple different starting points.

Another idea is to use a genetic algorithm, where we evolve a population of h functions, selecting those with lower C₅ values. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within 100 seconds might be challenging, but perhaps manageable for small n_points.

But without prior knowledge, it's hard to say. Given that the previous code used SLSQP with perturbations, perhaps trying a different optimization method would be better.

For example, using the COBYLA method which is better for bounded problems, or the Nelder-Mead method. Let's try to adjust the code to use a different optimization method, like L-BFGS-B.

But I need to make sure that the constraints are properly handled. The constraint is that the sum of h is fixed. The objective is to minimize the maximum correlation.

So, modifying the code to use L-BFGS-B method instead of SLSQP.

But the L-BFGS-B method requires the bounds to be specified, and the constraints are handled as bounds or equality constraints. So, the current code already has bounds, and the sum constraint is an equality.

Alternatively, the code can use the method 'L-BFGS-B' which is more efficient for certain problems.

Another possibility is to use the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which doesn't require gradients and might handle the problem better.

But I need to test these ideas.

However, given the time, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the existing code by changing the optimization method and trying different starting points.

So, here's a plan for the new code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Instead of using SLSQP, perhaps try using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with a modified objective function.
- Or, try using a different starting point, like a random one, and see which gives better results.

But without knowing which method would be better, it's hard to say. Another approach is to combine multiple optimization strategies.

Alternatively, since the code is allowed to use any of the optimization libraries, perhaps using the 'SLSQP' method with tighter tolerances and more iterations could help.

Another idea: the current code uses a for loop with 120 iterations, each with a perturbation and optimization. Perhaps reducing the number of iterations but increasing the per-iteration optimization steps (maxiter) might be better.

Alternatively, the code could run the optimization from the initial guess directly, without perturbations, but that may not be effective.

Another possible improvement: precompute all the shifts that are relevant and focus the optimization on them. But how?

Alternatively, considering that the worst-case shift k for the function might be around certain values, like k=0.5, 1.0, or other values. So, by optimizing the function to minimize the overlap for a specific set of shifts, we may improve the overall C₅ value.

But again, without knowing the optimal shifts in advance, this is difficult.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method and adjust hyperparameters. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code uses optimize.minimize with method='SLSQP'. Changing the method to 'L-BFGS-B' would require changing that line. But the 'L-BFGS-B' method is for problems where the bounds are given, and the constraints can be added as equality constraints. However, the 'L-BFGS-B' method does not support general constraints, but the constraints here are only the sum constraint.

Wait, no. The 'L-BFGS-B' method allows for bounds on the variables and can handle constraints via the 'constraints' parameter. However, in the previous code, the 'SLSQP' method is used, which handles equality constraints more effectively.

So, perhaps trying to use the 'SLSQP' method with tighter tolerances and more iterations would be better.

Alternatively, trying to use the 'COBYLA' method, which handles bounds and equality constraints.

Let me think about the code. The previous code uses the 'SLSQP' method with some parameters. Changing the method to 'COBYLA' might improve the optimization.

But how to adjust the code. Let me outline the changes:

In the code, the 'optimize.minimize' call uses method='SLSQP'. Changing this to method='COBYLA' or 'L-BFGS-B' might yield better results.

Additionally, the current code uses a noise scale that diminishes over time. Maybe removing this and directly optimizing from the initial guess, or using a different perturbation strategy.

But given the time, I think modifying the code to use a different optimization method and possibly more aggressive optimization parameters could help. Also, trying to start from different initial guesses.

Another idea: the previous code uses the same initial guess for all iterations, but with perturbations. If instead, we generate multiple different initial guesses (e.g., random ones), we might find better solutions.

But generating random initial guesses that satisfy the sum constraint is possible. For example, for each random guess, generate a random sequence of values in [0, 1], then scale them so that the sum is n_points / 2. However, this could be done in the code.

But with the time constraints, generating random guesses might not be feasible. However, perhaps in the initial steps, the code could evaluate a few random starting points and choose the best one.

Alternatively, in the code, instead of starting from the initial guess, we could randomly sample some initial guesses and compare them.

But again, with limited time, this may not be sufficient.

Considering all this, the most straightforward improvement to the existing code is to switch the optimization method to 'L-BFGS-B' and use better parameters. Let me try that.

Another thing to consider: the current code's objective function returns the maximum of the correlations, which is the C₅ value. However, when the optimizer is trying to minimize this, it's a non-smooth function. Perhaps using a smoother approximation of the maximum could help with optimization. For example, instead of taking the max, use the max with a small smoothing factor. However, this might complicate the code.

In conclusion, the plan is to modify the existing code to try a different optimization method (like L-BFGS-B), adjust the parameters for better convergence, and possibly try different starting points. Also, check if the previous code's hyperparameters (like the number of iterations and noise scale) can be tuned for better performance.

Now, translating this into code:

The previous code uses method='SLSQP' with maxiter=300. Changing to method='L-BFGS-B' might work, but since the function is not differentiable at the maximum, this may not be effective. Alternatively, using method='Nelder-Mead' could be an option.

Alternatively, perhaps using the current method but increasing the maxiter and adjusting ftol and eps.

But given the time, the code might be modified to try different optimization methods and hyperparameters.

In the end, the code provided must be self-contained and follow the given constraints. So, here's the plan for the code:

- Keep the same structure but change the optimization method to 'COBYLA' or 'L-BFGS-B'.
- Try different starting points, such as the initial_h_values and some random generated ones.
- Tune the optimization parameters to allow more iterations or better convergence.

But how to implement this concisely within the code?

Another idea: since the previous code has a loop of 120 iterations with perturbations, perhaps replacing that with a single call to optimization from the initial guess, using a better optimization method and parameters.

Alternatively, combining the initial guess with some random perturbations and optimizing from there.

In the end, here's the revised code:

Modify the optimization method to 'L-BFGS-B' and allow more iterations. Also, try to generate different starting points.

But considering that the current code's initial guess is the initial_h_values, perhaps trying to start from that and optimize directly, rather than perturbing.

But without perturbation, the optimizer may get stuck in a local minimum. Thus, the previous approach of perturbations was better.

Another point: the objective function in the previous code is np.max(corr) * dx, which could be very noisy. Perhaps it's better to use a different way of computing this value, or to dampen the objective slightly.

Alternatively, adding a small penalty to the objective to make it more differentiable.

But given the time, the best approach is to adjust the code to use a more effective optimization method and possibly tune the parameters.

Given the constraints, here's the final code:

Use a different optimization method (like COBYLA), optimize from the initial guess and a few perturbed versions, and adjust the parameters for better performance.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    for _ in range(60):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, 0.05, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(initial_guess + perturb, 0, 1)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```