<think>
Okay, so I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a hill-climbing approach with SLSQP optimization, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better way. Let me think about what the problem requires.

The goal is to find a step function h(x) on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap is measured by the correlation of h and 1-h, scaled by dx. The current record is around 0.38085, and the target is even lower, 0.380876. So I need to find a way to get a lower value.

The previous code uses perturbations and local optimization. Maybe that's getting stuck in local minima. Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization approach, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, could help explore more of the search space. But considering the time budget, maybe it's better to find a smarter way.

Wait, the problem is similar to a covering problem. The overlap integral for each shift k is integrating h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). To minimize the maximum of this over all k. So for each shift, the integral should be as small as possible. The challenge is to design h such that all these integrals are balanced.

Another idea: the optimal h is likely to be a piecewise constant function with certain symmetry properties. For example, maybe a periodic or symmetric structure. The initial guess has 45 points. Maybe a higher number of points could allow more precise design, but the problem says to prefer smaller sequences. Wait, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So using n_points around 45 is okay, but maybe more could be better? Or perhaps a different structure.

Alternatively, maybe using a more structured approach. For example, splitting the interval into regions where h is 0 or 1. But since h has to integrate to 1 over [0,2], the total area under h is 1. So, the function must be "active" on some parts of the interval.

Another thought: the maximum overlap for a given h is the maximum over all k. So, if we can find h that balances the overlaps for all possible shifts, that would be ideal. But how to model that?

The previous code uses an initial guess and perturbs it, but maybe there's a way to find a pattern that's better. For example, maybe using a histogram-like approach where h is 1 in some regions and 0 in others, arranged to evenly distribute the overlaps.

Wait, the problem is similar to scheduling or resource allocation where overlaps are minimized. Maybe using a simulation annealing approach where small changes are made to the function, but with a cooling schedule to avoid local minima. However, implementing that might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, perhaps considering a more efficient optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. If the initial guess is good, it might find a good solution, but if the initial guess is a local minimum, it can't escape. So maybe using a different starting point could help.

The initial_h_values is given, but maybe generating a different initial guess could lead to better results. For example, start with a different distribution of 1s and 0s. But how to generate that? Maybe using a regular pattern, like placing 1s in certain intervals that are symmetric.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h over [0,2] is 0.5. So the function is on average 0.5. To minimize overlaps, we need to arrange the function so that when it's high (close to 1), the shifted versions (1 - h) are low, and vice versa. So maybe the function should be 0.5 in some parts and vary in others.

But how to model this? Perhaps using a Fourier approach. The overlap integral for a shift k can be written as ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. If we model h as a Fourier series, perhaps we can find coefficients that minimize the maximum of these integrals. But this seems complicated.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap for shift k is the integral of h(x) minus the integral of h(x)h(x+k). So the overlap is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx = ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx = 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx over all k. So the problem reduces to finding h that maximizes the minimum of these integrals for all k.

But how to maximize the minimum of these integrals? It's a bit of a dual problem. Maybe this perspective can help in designing the function.

Another approach is to approximate the function h with a set of intervals where it is either 0 or 1. For example, if h is a step function with certain intervals, then the overlap integrals can be calculated more easily. However, this might not be optimal, but perhaps it's a starting point.

Alternatively, use a more sophisticated optimization strategy. Maybe using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) or genetic algorithm (GA) that can explore the search space more effectively. But for the given time budget, PSO or GA might be too slow.

Wait, but the previous code uses a local optimizer with perturbations. Maybe adding more structured variations could help. For example, instead of adding normal noise, randomly swapping certain intervals of h. But how to do that efficiently.

Another thought: the overlap integral depends on the convolution of h with (1 - h). So, the maximum value of this convolution corresponds to the maximum overlap. The problem is to minimize this maximum over all shifts.

So, perhaps using a method to minimize the maximum of the convolution. This is similar to designing a filter with certain constraints, and minimizing the maximum response.

But how to model this. Maybe using optimization techniques that can handle the max operator. For example, formulate the problem as minimizing C such that for all k, the integral ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx ≤ C. Then, the problem becomes minimizing C subject to these constraints.

This is a convex optimization problem? Wait, the constraints are ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx ≤ C for all k. But the integral is non-linear in h, and the constraints are over all k. This seems like a semi-infinite optimization problem, which is challenging.

But given the discretization into n_points samples, perhaps we can approximate the integrals as discrete sums, and find h that satisfies all constraints. However, the number of constraints is O(n_points), which could be large. For example, with n_points = 45, there are 89 possible shifts k (from 0 to 2 - dx), so the number of constraints is 89. But if the number of constraints is manageable, maybe using convex optimization tools could help.

But the problem is that the constraints are non-convex, since the integrand is h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) which is quadratic in h. So it's a non-convex problem. Therefore, convex optimization techniques may not directly apply.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is a sum over discretized points. So for each shift k (starting from 0 to 2 - dx), the integral can be approximated as a sum over x_i. Thus, the maximum of these sums is the value of C_5. So the problem becomes minimizing the maximum of these sums, while keeping the sum of h equal to n_points / 2.

But even with this discretization, the problem is non-convex. So maybe, using a local optimization approach is the best bet, but perhaps with better initial points.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the current guess, make more informed perturbations. For example, for each shift k, compute the current overlap and detect which regions of h are causing high overlap. Then, adjust h in those regions to reduce the overlap.

But how to do that efficiently. It might require a gradient-based approach. However, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe adjusting the parameters of the optimizer, such as the tolerances or the number of iterations, could help.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations and updates, but maybe varying the perturbation size over time. For example, starting with larger perturbations to explore the search space, then smaller ones to refine the solution.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization algorithm, such as a genetic algorithm. For example, generating a population of h functions, evaluating their C_5 values, and evolving them over generations. However, this could be computationally expensive, but with the 100-second budget, maybe it's feasible with a small population and limited generations.

But since the user wants to use existing libraries, perhaps using a genetic algorithm with scipy? Or using a Bayesian optimization approach. However, scipy doesn't have built-in genetic algorithms.

Wait, the user mentioned that they can use scipy, numpy, and other solvers like CVXOPT, Gurobi, etc. But the previous approach uses scipy.optimize.SLSQP. Maybe using a different optimizer, like COBYLA or another method, could help.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different initializations. The current code uses one initial guess and perturbations. Maybe generating multiple initial guesses from different patterns and selecting the best one.

For example, the initial_h_values is provided. Maybe generating other initial guesses based on different patterns, such as periodic functions or patterned histograms, and then using the best one.

Another idea: since the function h has to integrate to 1 over [0,2], maybe it's better to model h as a histogram with certain properties. For example, dividing the interval into m equal parts, and setting h to 1 in some of these parts, and 0 in others, such that the total area is 1. The number of parts can be chosen based on n_points.

But with n_points = 45, and dx = 2/n_points = 2/45 ≈ 0.0444, the length of each interval is dx. So for a step function with constant values, h would have values in each segment. However, the initial_h_values is already a specific pattern.

Alternatively, maybe generating a new initial guess by splitting the interval into regions where h is zero or one. For example, selecting certain intervals to be 1 and the rest to be 0, such that the total area is 1. For example, if we have n_points, and the total area is 1, then the sum of h must be n_points/2.

But how to choose these intervals? Maybe using a regular pattern. For instance, placing the intervals where h is 1 in a way that they are spread out across the interval. For example, choosing every m-th interval as 1, where m is chosen to make the total area 1.

But this is a simplification. Maybe this approach could be used to generate a new initial guess, which could then be optimized using the previous method.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal solution might have h being a pulse or multiple pulses spread out across the interval. For example, having a few high regions (where h is 1) and the rest zero, arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

But how to determine the number of pulses. For example, if there are two pulses, each of length L, their area would be 2 * L * dx = 1, so L = n_points/(2 * dx) = n_points/(2*(2/n_points)) ) = n_points² /4. That's not possible because L can't exceed 2. So maybe this approach isn't feasible.

Alternatively, considering that h(x) should be 0.5 in some regions and vary in others. However, for the purposes of a step function, this is hard to model.

Another angle: the overlap integral for a given shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. As before. So the overlap integral is equal to 1 minus the convolution of h with itself, evaluated at k.

So maximizing the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx would minimize the overlap. Therefore, the problem reduces to finding h that maximizes the minimum of the convolutions over all k.

But again, this is a challenging problem. Maybe using a Fourier transform approach. The convolution of h with itself can be expressed as the square of its Fourier transform. But since we are dealing with periodic functions or discrete shifts, this could be useful.

However, it's unclear how to use this in the optimization. Perhaps for a continuous function, the maximum of the convolution is related to the variance of h, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, using the fact that the minimum of the convolutions is maximized when h is as uniform as possible. But this might not be the case.

Another thought: the worst-case overlap could be when the shift k is such that h(x) and 1-h(x +k) overlap the most. So, for example, when h(x) is high in a region where 1-h(x +k) is also high. To avoid this, the function h should be designed to avoid having both high and low values in regions that are shifted by k.

This suggests that the function h should be designed to be "spread out" so that, for any shift, it doesn't have overlapping regions. This is similar to a spacing problem. For instance, h being a sequence of ones separated by gaps, such that their shifted versions don't overlap much.

But how to model this. For example, if h is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged so that no two 1 intervals are close to each other. But this is similar to a covering problem.

Given that, maybe the optimal solution is a function that is 1 in certain intervals, spaced apart, and then optimized to balance the overlaps. But again, finding the exact arrangement is tricky.

Perhaps the initial_h_values is a good starting point, but maybe there are better ways to generate initial guesses. For example, using a different structure. Like a symmetric pattern that has a balance between 0s and 1s.

Another idea: using a more sophisticated optimization strategy. For instance, instead of using random perturbations, use a gradient-based method to guide the optimization. But the function to optimize is the max of several values, which is non-differentiable. So taking gradients would be difficult.

Alternatively, maybe using a hybrid approach: first generate a few different initial guesses, then perform local optimization on each, and select the best one. The previous code uses one initial guess and perturbs it. Maybe generating multiple initial guesses from different patterns and then optimizing them.

But how to generate those patterns. For example, one could create a grid of different initial guesses, or use a pattern where certain parts are 1 and others are 0, arranged in different configurations.

Alternatively, using a heuristic that assigns h values based on some rule. For example, using a sine wave pattern or a square wave pattern. However, these may not be optimal.

Another angle: since the previous code used SLSQP and didn't achieve a significant improvement, perhaps trying a different optimizer that's more robust. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradients and can handle non-smooth functions. But this might be less efficient.

Alternatively, consider that the function is piecewise constant and use a different approach for the optimization. For example, instead of optimizing the values directly, use a probabilistic model and generate h values through sampling. But again, this is not straightforward.

Another possible optimization is to reduce the number of constraints. For example, focusing on the most critical shifts that contribute the most to the overlap integral. However, this requires knowing which shifts are the most critical, which is a chicken-and-egg problem.

Wait, the current code evaluates all possible k for the overlap. For a given h, the maximum is found. But maybe if we can find the k that maximizes the overlap and then focus on optimizing for that specific k, we could get improvements. However, this is a greedy approach and might not account for other k values.

Alternatively, considering that the worst-case shift is likely to be near the shifts where the function h has a discontinuity or a peak. For example, the shifts that align different parts of the function. So, focusing on optimizing for those shifts could lead to better results.

But again, this is a non-trivial problem.

Let me think about the previous code's approach. It starts from an initial guess and perturbs it, running multiple iterations with decreasing noise scale. It uses SLSQP with a constraint on the sum. The current result was 0.381144, and the target is to get below 0.38085.

To improve upon this, perhaps the previous method isn't sufficient. Maybe trying a different starting point, such as a more evenly spaced pattern. Or using a different optimization approach.

Another idea: the initial guess may be too localized. Perhaps a better starting point is a periodic or symmetric function. For example, if the function is symmetric around the midpoint of the interval [0,2], which is 1. So, h(1 - x) = h(1 + x). This symmetry could help in balancing the overlaps.

How to generate such a starting point? For example, define h(x) as 1 in intervals that are symmetric around x=1, ensuring that the total area is 1. For instance, having two intervals of length a on either side of the center, and the rest zero. Or more of them.

But how to model this. For example, with n_points = 45, the midpoint is at 1, which corresponds to index 22.5, so midpoint between 22 and 23. So for symmetry, the h values at index i and index (44 - i) would be the same. This could help in reducing the maximum overlap.

So perhaps generating a symmetric initial guess could help. If the initial guess is symmetric, the overlap for shifts that are symmetric would be the same. This could balance the integrals more evenly.

So the initial_h_values could be modified to be symmetric. If that's not already the case, generating a new initial guess with symmetry could be beneficial.

But how to do that. For example, for each i from 0 to n_points//2, set h[i] = h[n_points - i - 1]. This would make the function symmetric. But ensuring that the sum is correct.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values is given. So perhaps checking if it's symmetric. If not, generate a symmetric version. Or if it's not available, create one.

Assuming that the initial_h_values might not be symmetric, generating a symmetric version could help. So this is a possible improvement.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient optimizer. For example, using the Sequential Least Squares Programming (SLSQP) optimizer with better parameters. The current code uses a fixed number of iterations and a certain tolerance. Maybe adjusting the tolerance or the maximum number of iterations could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method which is suitable for bounds and equality constraints. Or using a Bayesian optimization approach with a proper surrogate model.

But implementing Bayesian optimization could be time-consuming, especially within the time budget. However, given that the previous approach isn't achieving the desired result, maybe exploring this avenue is worth it.

Another approach is to use a multi-objective optimization. Instead of minimizing the maximum overlap, try to balance multiple overlaps. For example, minimize the sum of overlaps or some other metric that encourages a more uniform distribution.

But this might not directly lead to a lower C_5. It's unclear.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code in the following ways:

1. Use a symmetric initial guess to help balance the overlaps.
2. Use a more sophisticated optimization strategy, like a combination of genetic algorithm and local optimization.
3. Adjust the perturbation strategy to explore more of the search space.
4. Use a better optimizer with adjusted parameters.

So, to implement this, I can generate a symmetric initial guess, and then apply perturbations. Also, adjust the optimization settings in the SLSQP to allow more iterations or better convergence.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (60), but each iteration has a decreasing noise scale. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the noise scales could help.

Alternatively, using a different method for sampling the perturbations. Instead of normal noise, perhaps using a Cauchy distribution or other types, but that might not be helpful.

Another possible adjustment: instead of perturbing the entire array, randomly select a subset of points to perturb. This could save computation time and focus on areas that need change.

Putting this all together, the plan is to:

- Generate a symmetric initial guess if not already symmetric.
- Use a different optimization method, perhaps with better parameters.
- Use more iterations and varied perturbation strategies.

But since the code must be written, let's try to implement these ideas.

First, check if the initial_h_values is symmetric. If not, create a symmetric version. If the initial_h_values is available, we can use it. For example:

n_points = len(initial_h_values)
symmetric_initial = np.concatenate((initial_h_values[::-1], initial_h_values[1:-1]))  # Assuming some symmetric structure

But this might not be correct. Alternatively, for a symmetric function around x=1, the h value at x and 2 - x should be the same. So for each i, h[i] = h[n_points - i - 1]. For example, in code:

symmetric_h = np.zeros(n_points)
for i in range(n_points):
    symmetric_h[i] = initial_h_values[i]
    symmetric_h[n_points - i - 1] = initial_h_values[i]
# Ensure the sum is correct.

But this might not work if the initial_h_values is not symmetric. However, since the initial_h_values is provided, perhaps modifying it to be symmetric could help.

But this requires checking whether the initial_h_values is symmetric. However, the user says that the initial_h_values is a global variable and we should reference it directly, not paste its values. So we cannot assume it's symmetric. Therefore, generating a symmetric initial guess based on the original values is not possible directly.

Alternatively, we can generate a new initial guess that is symmetric. For example, taking the initial_h_values, and then creating a symmetric version by mirroring it. However, this could change the sum, so we need to adjust it to maintain the sum.

Alternatively, to generate a new symmetric initial guess, for example, by placing the same values on both sides of the center. However, without knowing the structure of the initial_h_values, it's not feasible to ensure this.

Another approach is to create a new initial guess from scratch, with symmetric properties. For example, defining the function as follows: split the interval into several regions, assign symmetric values to each side, ensuring that the total area is 1.

But how to do this algorithmically. For example, for n_points = 45, the midpoint is at index 22 (since indices are 0 to 44). So for i from 0 to 22, h[i] = h[44 - i], and h[22] is the middle value. This could help in symmetry.

But again, without knowing the structure of the initial_h_values, it's not clear. Perhaps the previous code's initial guess isn't symmetric, so creating a new symmetric initial guess could help. However, the user says to use the initial_h_values if available, but it's not clear how to create a symmetric version from it.

Given the time constraints, maybe it's better to proceed with the existing initial guess and try adjusting the optimization parameters.

Another thought: the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or allowing more tolerances would help. For example, increasing the maximum number of iterations in the optimizer.

Also, the current code uses a random perturbation with a noise scale that decreases over time. Perhaps using a different perturbation strategy, such as focusing on the regions where the overlap is high.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method on the objective function. However, the objective function involves the maximum of several values, which is non-differentiable, making gradient methods tricky. But maybe using a smoothed version of the objective.

Alternatively, using a different objective function that encourages lower overlap for critical shifts. For example, limiting the maximum overlap by adding constraints for certain k values.

But given the time, perhaps the best way is to modify the existing code to use more iterations, better perturbation strategies, and adjust the optimizer parameters.

So, modifying the previous code:

- Increase the number of iterations in the loop.
- Adjust the noise scale decay rate.
- Use a different optimizer, such as COBYLA or trust-constr.
- Ensure the constraints are properly handled.

Another possible adjustment: instead of using random perturbations, use a more targeted approach. For example, identify the shifts that contribute to the current maximum overlap and adjust h in the regions that contribute most to those overlaps.

But how to identify these regions. For example, for a given k, the overlap is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. For this integral to be large, h(x) should be 1 where 1 - h(x +k) is also large, which means h(x +k) is 0. So, regions where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0 contribute to the overlap. Therefore, to reduce the overlap for a specific k, we can lower the values of h(x) where h(x +k) is 0. However, this is a bit of an abstract idea.

Alternatively, for each shift k, compute the current overlap and see where the main contributions are. Then, modify those regions of h(x) to reduce the overlap for that k. But this is computationally intensive and might not be feasible within the time budget.

Given all this, I think the previous approach is the most feasible. To improve, I'll adjust the parameters of the optimization, increase the number of iterations, and use a more robust optimizer.

In the previous code, the loop runs for 60 iterations, with decreasing noise. Maybe increasing this to 100 or 200 iterations would allow more refinement. Also, using a higher number of iterations in the optimize.minimize call.

Another idea: use the trust-constr optimizer which may handle constrained problems better. Or use the COBYLA method.

So, modifying the code to:

- Use trust-constr or COBYLA.
- Increase the number of iterations.
- Change the perturbation strategy.

But keeping within the time budget is crucial.

Let me sketch the revised code:

- Use a symmetric initial guess (assuming it's not provided, but since it's provided, maybe not).
- Use trust-constr optimizer with more iterations.
- Increase the number of perturbations.

However, I need to write the code.

The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. To improve, perhaps using a different optimizer. For example:

result = optimize.minimize(
    fun=objective,
    x0=perturbed_guess,
    method='trust-constr',
    bounds=bounds,
    constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
    options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
)

But trust-constr may have other parameters. Alternatively, using COBYLA.

However, the user's environment may have certain solvers available. Without knowing, it's better to stick with SLSQP but adjust parameters.

Another possible adjustment: in the for loop, increase the number of iterations. For example, from 60 to 100, and allow more iterations in the minimize call.

Also, using a smaller noise scale decay, to allow more subtle changes.

Another idea: use more random samples in the perturbation phase, but with varying magnitudes.

Finally, considering that the previous code's result is 0.381144, and the target is 0.380876, we need to find a way to get lower. Perhaps using a different initial guess or a different optimization strategy.

Given all that, I'll proceed to write the code with these modifications.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    for _ in range(100):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        noise_scale = 0.025 * (1 - _ / 100)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```