<think>
Okay, let's see. The problem is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral, which is essentially the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h, scaled by dx. The current record is around 0.38085, and the previous code achieved 0.381144. So, I need to improve this.

First, the previous approach used a random perturbation with a decreasing noise scale and SLSQP optimization. But maybe that's not the most efficient. Let me think about possible improvements.

Hmm, maybe using a different optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe a global optimization method would help avoid local minima. But global optimization is computationally expensive. However, with a smaller n_points, it's possible. But the user wants to keep n_points small, like under 1k. Wait, the previous code uses 45 points. Maybe increasing n_points could help, but the time budget is tight.

Alternatively, maybe a better initial guess. The initial_h_values are provided. If I can find a way to generate a better starting point, that might help. But how?

Another thought: the problem is similar to a coverage problem. The function h(x) should be designed to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted. So, maybe using a periodic or segmented structure. For example, distributing the 1's in h such that when shifted, they overlap as little as possible.

Wait, the integral is over the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k. So for each shift k, the overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum of these integrals.

Alternatively, this is equivalent to minimizing the maximum correlation between h and 1-h. Since cross-correlation is involved, the problem resembles designing a function that minimizes the worst-case overlap with its own shifted version.

In the Erdős problem, the constant C₅ is the minimum such value over all possible functions h with integral 1 over [0,2]. So, the challenge is to find a function that makes this maximum overlap as small as possible.

The previous code uses a local search with perturbations. Maybe a better approach is to use a more structured optimization, perhaps using a genetic algorithm or other population-based methods. However, given the time constraints, maybe it's better to tweak the existing approach.

Another idea: the current approach uses a fixed number of iterations (60) with decreasing noise. Maybe adjusting the noise scale or the number of iterations could help. Also, using a different optimization method, like differential evolution, which is better at exploring the search space.

Wait, the problem is constrained: the integral of h is fixed. The previous code uses SLSQP with equality constraint on the sum. Maybe using a different method could be better, but I need to check.

Let me think about the objective. The maximum correlation is what's being minimized. The objective function is non-convex and has multiple local minima. So, the initial guess is crucial. The initial_h_values provided are probably a good starting point, but maybe there's a way to generate a better initial guess.

Alternatively, perhaps using a dynamic programming approach or some other mathematical insight. For example, if the function h is made of segments where it's either 0 or 1, but that might not be optimal. Wait, the problem says h is a step function, so it's allowed to take values in [0,1], not necessarily 0 or 1. So, maybe optimizing the positions and heights of the steps.

Wait, but the previous code uses a step function represented as samples. Maybe the key is to make the function h as uniform as possible but with discontinuities that prevent overlapping when shifted. For example, if h is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, then shifting might cause overlaps. But with multiple intervals, maybe it's possible to spread the 1s to minimize overlap.

Another idea: divide the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 1 for certain lengths, and 0 otherwise. The sum of the lengths should be 1. For instance, if we split the interval into n segments of length l, then the sum of the lengths is 1, so l = 1/(number of 1s). But perhaps a more optimal arrangement could be variable lengths.

However, this is a heuristic. How to model this? Maybe use a structure where certain segments are active (h=1) and others are inactive (h=0), and then model the positions of these segments. But the problem allows h to take any value between 0 and 1, not just binary. So maybe a better approach is to use a mixture of active and inactive regions with varying densities.

Alternatively, think of h as a function where the active regions are spaced out to avoid overlap when shifted. For example, if h is 1 in intervals that are spaced apart by at least some distance. However, since the integral is fixed, the total area of 1s is 1, so the spacing depends on the arrangement.

But how to model this in code?

Another thought: the problem resembles the covering problem where we want to cover the interval with regions of 1s such that their shifted copies don't overlap too much. But with the integral constraint, the total area is fixed.

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy approach: place blocks of 1s where shifting them would cause minimal overlap. But this is vague.

Back to the code. The previous approach is a local search with perturbation. To improve this, perhaps using a more global optimization method. For example, using differential evolution (DE) or particle swarm optimization (PSO). But these methods are more computationally intensive, and with a 100s budget, maybe feasible with a small n_points.

But wait, the previous code uses n_points=45. If I increase n_points to 100 or 200, the computation would take longer. However, the time budget is 100 seconds. Let me think about the time complexity. For example, if n_points is 100, the number of samples is 100. The correlation operation is O(n^2) for each evaluation, which could be expensive. So, increasing n_points may not be feasible unless the number of iterations is reduced.

Alternatively, maybe the previous code is already using a sufficient number of points, and the problem is to find a better optimization strategy.

Another idea: instead of using perturbations with decreasing noise, maybe using a more structured perturbation. For example, adding small random changes in certain positions, or using a simulated annealing approach with a cooling schedule.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses. But how to generate different initial guesses?

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients. But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is gradient-based.

Wait, the previous code may be getting stuck in local minima. So, using a different optimization algorithm that explores more of the search space might help. For instance, using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate solutions, and evolving them over generations.

However, implementing a genetic algorithm in Python within the time budget could be challenging, especially with the constraints on code length and performance.

Alternatively, maybe use a basin-hopping approach, which combines local optimization with random perturbations to escape local minima. This could be a good alternative to the current approach.

Another possibility: instead of using a random perturbation, use a more informed perturbation. For example, varying the h values in regions where the current objective is high, thus targeting areas that could have lower values.

Alternatively, perhaps the key is to use a different way of evaluating the objective. For example, instead of maximizing the cross-correlation, maybe try to minimize the maximum value through more efficient computation. But how?

Wait, the cross-correlation for all shifts k is computed, and the maximum is taken. The problem is to minimize this maximum. So, the optimization is a minimax problem. To handle this, maybe we can use a method that directly attempts to reduce the maximum value, perhaps by balancing the values of the cross-correlation across different shifts.

Another idea: since the cross-correlation for shift k is the integral over x of h(x)(1-h(x+k)), which can be rewritten as the sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) * dx. But for each k, this is the same as integrating over the overlapping regions of h and 1-h shifted by k.

But how does this relate to the structure of h?

Alternatively, think of the function h as being designed to have as much as possible "non-overlapping" regions with their shifted versions. So, the function should be designed so that when shifted by any k, the overlap between h and 1-h is minimized.

Another approach is to model this as an optimization problem with multiple constraints. For example, for each possible shift k, we can add constraints that the integral for that shift is less than some value. But since the number of possible shifts is infinite, this is not feasible.

Alternatively, sample shifts k at discrete points and enforce that the integral for those shifts is bounded, which would approximate the true maximum. However, this introduces a trade-off between the number of sampled shifts and the accuracy of the optimization.

But this might be computationally expensive, and not sure if it's the right approach here.

Back to the code. Let's consider modifying the previous approach. The current code uses a fixed number of iterations (60), each time adding a random perturbation and then optimizing. Maybe we can adjust the number of iterations, the noise scale, or use a different optimization method.

For example, using the differential evolution method, which is robust to local minima. However, the constraints need to be handled. The differential evolution can handle bounds and equality constraints, but the current code uses an equality constraint on the sum. Maybe integrating that into the DE setup.

But how to integrate that? Well, the DE algorithm would need to maintain the sum constraint. So, perhaps during the mutation and crossover steps, enforce the sum constraint.

But implementing this in code would require more work. However, given that the previous code uses SLSQP, which is gradient-based and might struggle with non-convex landscapes, switching to DE could be beneficial.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which is more efficient in high-dimensional spaces. But again, the code would need to be more complex.

Alternatively, the user may not have enough time to implement a complex algorithm, so maybe sticking with the previous method but with some tweaks.

Let me think about the current code's hyperparameters. The noise_scale decreases linearly over 60 iterations, starting at 0.025. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the noise scale could help. Also, the optimization uses 250 max iterations per step. Maybe reducing the number of iterations per step but increasing the number of perturbations could help.

Another possibility is to use a different initial guess. The initial_h_values are provided, but maybe generating a different initial guess from scratch could lead to better results. For example, using a regular pattern, such as equally spaced 1s. But the initial_h_values may already be a good starting point.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution has certain symmetries. For example, the function h could be periodic or symmetric with respect to the interval [0,2]. Exploiting such symmetries could reduce the search space.

Alternatively, perhaps the function h should be designed so that the overlap for all shifts k is approximately equal. This would mean that the maximum is minimized. This is similar to a trade-off between different shifts, leading to a balanced solution.

In the previous code, the initial guess might be a good starting point, but the algorithm is stuck in a local minimum. Maybe using a multi-start approach with multiple different initial guesses, such as the initial_h_values and other generated patterns.

But given the time constraints, maybe it's better to modify the existing approach. For example, in the previous code, the perturbations are added with a decreasing noise scale. Maybe we can use a cooling schedule where the noise scale decreases more slowly, allowing for more exploration in the beginning.

Alternatively, using a higher initial noise scale, allowing for more extensive exploration, and then gradually reducing it. Also, increasing the number of iterations could help, but within the 100s budget.

Another possible improvement: instead of using SLSQP, switch to the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a bounded optimization method. This might converge faster in some cases. However, without gradients, L-BFGS-B might not be suitable. Alternatively, using 'Nelder-Mead' which doesn't require gradients.

Alternatively, using the 'TNC' method, which handles bounds and constraints. But I'm not sure which method would be best.

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of methods. For example, first doing a global search with differential evolution and then using a local optimization.

But how to implement differential evolution within the code?

Wait, the user has access to scipy.optimize, so using differential evolution is possible. Let me think.

The differential evolution method can be used to find the optimal h that minimizes the maximum cross-correlation. The constraints include the sum of h being fixed. So, DE can handle bounds, but the equality constraint on the sum would need to be addressed.

However, the DE approach would need to enforce that the sum of h is exactly target_sum. One way to do this is to use a penalty function, but that can be tricky. Alternatively, during the mutation and crossover steps, ensure that the sum condition is maintained. However, that might be complex.

Alternatively, since the sum is a fixed constraint, we can use a variable substitution. For example, let the h_values be such that the sum is constrained. One way is to use the method of Lagrange multipliers, but that's more for gradient-based methods.

Another approach is to use the DE algorithm to optimize the variables, and during the process, normalize the h_values to meet the sum constraint. However, this might lead to suboptimal results if the normalization disrupts the optimization path.

Alternatively, we can use the 'c' parameter in the constraints, but in scipy's differential evolution, you can only specify bounds and a constraint function. So, perhaps using a constraint that enforces the sum.

But scipy's differential evolution in optimize.differential_evolution allows for a bounds and a constraint. But the user may not have implemented that yet. Let me check the scipy documentation. Oh, right, the differential_evolution function allows for bounds and a constraint via the constraints parameter, which is a list of dicts. So, perhaps we can use this.

So, the idea would be to use differential evolution to minimize the objective function, which is the maximum cross-correlation, subject to the sum constraint.

Let me outline this approach:

- Use differential evolution to optimize the h_values.
- The objective function is the maximum cross-correlation value.
- The constraints include:
  - All h[i] must be between 0 and 1.
  - The sum of h_values is exactly target_sum.
- For each evaluation of the objective function, compute the maximum cross-correlation.

But how to handle the sum constraint in differential evolution? The 'constrains' argument in differential_evolution allows for equality and inequality constraints. However, the setup might be more complex.

Alternatively, since the sum is a linear constraint, we can use the method of Lagrange multipliers, but that's not directly applicable here. Or, during the optimization, after each step, normalize the h_values to meet the sum constraint. However, this might not be optimal.

But let's proceed with the DE approach. For example:

from scipy.optimize import differential_evolution

But in the code, the objective function would need to take into account the constraint. However, the differential_evolution method can handle this by including the equality constraint.

Wait, the differential_evolution function in scipy.optimize has the option to include constraints, which can be equality or inequality. So, the code would need to define the constraints as:

constraints = [{'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda x: np.sum(x) - target_sum}]

But then, during the optimization, the algorithm must maintain the sum constraint. However, differential evolution is a stochastic method and might not be as efficient for this. Also, the objective function is the maximum cross-correlation, which is non-smooth and non-convex. This could be challenging.

But given that the previous code uses SLSQP and gets stuck in local minima, perhaps DE could find a better solution. Let me think about implementing this.

But given the time constraints, maybe this is the way to go. However, the code has to be written in a way that fits within the 300-line limit and the 12k characters.

Alternatively, combining DE with a local optimization step. For example, use DE to find a good initial guess and then use SLSQP for refinement.

But how to integrate this into the code? Let's think.

Another idea: since the objective function is the max of the cross-correlation, and the cross-correlation for different shifts k are computed, perhaps we can use a gradient-based method that adjusts h to minimize this maximum. However, without knowing the gradient, this is tricky.

Alternatively, we can try to use a surrogate model, like a neural network, to approximate the objective function and optimize it. But this might be too complex for the given time.

Perhaps a better approach is to improve the previous code. Let me think about the previous code again.

The previous code starts with the initial_h_values and then performs 60 iterations of perturbation followed by SLSQP optimization. Each iteration adds a small random perturbation to the current best guess. But maybe instead of doing this 60 times, doing a larger number of iterations with lower noise scales. Or perhaps changing the noise scale in a different way.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient optimization method for each perturbation. For example, instead of using SLSQP, perhaps using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is faster. But I need to check if it's suitable.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with different settings, such as higher ftol or other parameters.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. If the initial_h_values are not the best, generating a new initial guess could help. For example, creating a uniform distribution of 1s over the interval [0,2], but spread out as much as possible.

But how to generate that? Well, for example, taking n_points equally spaced points and setting h[i] = 1 for certain indices. However, the sum must be 1, so the number of 1s would be n_points / 2, which for n_points=45 is 22.5, so perhaps 22 or 23. But this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, generating a random initial guess with the sum fixed. But the code already has initial_h_values, so perhaps using a different initial guess would help.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values as the starting point and then perform a more aggressive search. For example, increasing the number of perturbations or increasing the noise scale.

But given the time constraints, I think the best approach is to adjust the previous code's parameters and method to see if it can find a better solution. Let's think about possible changes:

- Use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, to explore the search space more effectively.
- Increase the number of iterations or adjust the noise scale.
- Adjust the ftol and other optimization parameters to allow for more precise optimization.
- Try to use different initial guesses.

But how to implement this in the code.

Let me try to outline the revised code:

Instead of using SLSQP, use differential evolution to find the minimum of the objective function, considering the sum constraint. However, the code may not be able to handle this directly, as DE might require redefining the problem.

Alternatively, use the SLSQP optimizer with a different configuration, such as using more iterations or adjusting the noise.

Alternatively, perhaps the previous code can be modified to use a different perturbation strategy. For example, instead of adding normal noise, using a different distribution or varying the perturbation positions.

But perhaps the main issue is that the previous approach only did a limited number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations (like to 100) and adjusting the noise scale could help.

Alternatively, changing the noise_scale to decrease more slowly. For example, instead of linear decrease, use a logarithmic scale.

Another thought: the current approach's best_c5 is found by comparing the perturbed guess after optimization. However, the initial guess might already be better than some of the perturbed guesses. So, perhaps checking the initial guess early and not discarding it.

But the code already initializes best_h with the initial guess. So that's good.

Another idea: during the optimization steps, instead of using SLSQP, use a more robust optimization method. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method, which doesn't require gradients and can handle constraints.

But again, this would require modifying the code.

Given the time constraints and the need to fit the code into the required limits, perhaps the best way is to improve the existing code by adjusting the parameters and using a different optimization approach.

Another possible change is to use a different initial guess. For example, instead of using the initial_h_values, generating a new initial guess that's a regular pattern, like every third point is set to 1. However, this is just a guess.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values and then doing a gradient descent step. But again, I'm not sure.

Alternatively, using a combination of the initial guess and a better search strategy for the steps.

In summary, I'll proceed to modify the code to use a different optimization method, or adjust the parameters to see if it can find a better solution. For example, switching to differential evolution for the optimization steps.

But how to integrate that into the code. Let's think.

The code currently uses optimize.minimize with SLSQP. To switch to differential evolution, we can replace that call. However, differential evolution requires the objective function to be scalar, which it is, and the constraints to be handled.

But the problem is that the differential evolution may not be able to handle the equality constraint on the sum. However, it's possible to add the constraint as an equality in the optimization.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution for the optimization steps:

import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import differential_evolution

But the previous code uses a loop with perturbations. Alternatively, using differential evolution for the entire optimization, but that might not be practical since the objective function is expensive.

Alternatively, using differential evolution as the main optimization method, with the initial guess as a starting point.

But the code's structure is to do multiple perturbations and optimize each time. Maybe not the best.

Alternatively, combining the two approaches: using differential evolution for a global search and SLSQP for local refinement.

But given the time, perhaps it's better to proceed with the previous code, but with some modifications.

Another possible improvement is to compute the cross-correlation more efficiently. For example, using numpy's correlate function as done now, but perhaps precomputing the necessary values.

Alternatively, note that the cross-correlation for all shifts k can be computed via convolution, which is more efficient. But for the code, the current approach is already using numpy's correlate function, which is sufficient.

Another idea: for the constraint sum, instead of using an equality constraint, perhaps use a penalty function. However, the current code uses an equality constraint, which is correct.

Alternatively, during the optimization, if the sum is not exactly the target_sum, adjust the h_values to meet it. For example, after each step, scale the h_values to ensure the sum is correct. However, this would introduce a bias and might not be optimal.

But given that the current code uses SLSQP and has an equality constraint, the sum should be handled properly.

Another possible tweak is to increase the number of iterations in the optimization. For example, changing maxiter to a higher value, or increasing the number of loops.

In the previous code, the loop runs 60 times. Maybe increasing this to 100 and reducing the number of iterations per step (like from 250 to 100) could help.

Alternatively, reducing the noise_scale more slowly, allowing for more exploration.

Another idea: during the optimization steps, the current code uses perturbations with a noise_scale that decreases linearly. Perhaps a different noise schedule, like exponential decay, would allow for better exploration.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess for the perturbation, like using the current best_h and adding a random perturbation with a larger scale, then using SLSQP to optimize.

But how to implement this.

In conclusion, the best approach within the given time and code constraints might be to improve the previous code by using a different optimization method, like differential evolution, or adjusting the parameters such as the noise scale, number of iterations, and optimization method to better explore the search space and escape local minima.

Given that, I'll proceed to write the code, modifying the previous approach to use differential evolution for the optimization steps, if possible.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * 2.0 / n_points

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)

    start_time = time.time()

    def run_optimize():
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=best_h,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'disp': False}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
        return best_c5

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, 0.05, size=n_points)
        perturbed = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)
        best_h = perturbed
        best_c5 = run_optimize()

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, 0.025, size=n_points)
        perturbed = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)
        best_h = perturbed
        best_c5 = run_optimize()

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, 0.01, size=n_points)
        perturbed = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)
        best_h = perturbed
        best_c5 = run_optimize()

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, 0.005, size=n_points)
        perturbed = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)
        best_h = perturbed
        best_c5 = run_optimize()

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```