<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and my goal is to get even lower, like 0.380876. The previous code used differential evolution and SLSQP optimization starting from an initial construction. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, I should understand the problem again. The task is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1.

The previous approach used a starting point (initial_h_values) and then refined it with differential evolution and SLSQP. However, maybe there are better optimization strategies. Let's think about alternative methods.

One idea is to use a more efficient optimization algorithm. The previous code used differential evolution, which is a global optimizer, but maybe it's too slow for the time budget. Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with better convergence might be more effective. But the problem is non-convex, so getting stuck in local minima is possible.

Another approach could be to use a genetic algorithm with a different mutation strategy. Or maybe a particle swarm optimization. However, the time budget is tight, so I need an approach that converges quickly.

Alternatively, maybe the initial starting point can be improved. The initial_h_values is given, but perhaps a better starting point can be constructed. For example, using a more evenly distributed pattern that balances the overlap.

Another thought: since the overlap integral depends on the shift k, perhaps we can model this as a problem where the function h is designed to avoid overlap as much as possible for various shifts. This seems like a problem that could be approached with a greedy algorithm, but I'm not sure.

Wait, the objective function is the max over k of the integral. So to minimize the maximum, perhaps we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we try to balance all the integrals. But how?

Alternatively, perhaps using a variational approach. But that's more theoretical and might not be directly applicable.

Let me think about the previous code. It used differential evolution to find a good starting point and then refined it with SLSQP. But perhaps the refinement could be more effective. Also, the initial starting point might be a local minimum. Maybe trying different starting points could help avoid that.

Another idea: if the time budget is 100 seconds, maybe using a more efficient optimization method like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, which are better for constrained problems. But since the problem is non-convex, the success depends on the initial guess.

Alternatively, could I use a multi-start approach with different initial guesses? For example, starting from the initial_h_values, but also generating other initial points by perturbing it. But generating too many initial points might take time.

Wait, the previous code used 3 iterations of differential evolution followed by some refinement. Maybe that's sufficient, but perhaps the parameters could be adjusted. For example, increasing the mutation rate or changing the population size.

Alternatively, using a different optimization library. The previous code used scipy.optimize, but maybe using other solvers like IPOPT via Pyomo, but that might not be feasible here. The user mentioned using CVXPy with various solvers, but the previous code didn't use that. So maybe switching to a more powerful solver could help.

Wait, the user allows using CVXPy with solvers like GUROBI, MOSEK, etc. But if the problem is non-convex, then CVXPy might not handle it. However, maybe there's a way to approximate it.

Alternatively, since the problem is discrete (due to the discretization), perhaps using integer programming with a solver like Gurobi or CPLEX. But the number of variables is n_points, which can be up to maybe 1000, which might be too large for integer programming.

But given the time constraints, perhaps using a different approach. Let's think about the current code again. It uses differential evolution which is a global optimizer, but it's possible that the current parameters are not optimal. For example, the mutation parameters (0.7, 0.95) and recombination (0.9) might be suboptimal. Maybe adjusting those could lead to better results.

Another point: the code uses a fixed number of iterations (3 for differential evolution, 5 for refinement). Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the population size could help, but that would take more time. However, the time budget is tight.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The current code computes the correlation using np.correlate, which might be slow for large n_points. However, since the code is allowed to use n_points up to 1k, maybe that's manageable.

Another idea: the problem is to minimize the maximum of the overlap integrals. Perhaps using a heuristic where we try to balance the integrals for each possible shift k. For example, for a given h, compute all the integrals and find the maximum, and adjust the h to reduce that maximum. But how to do this efficiently?

Alternatively, since the overlap integral for each k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx, which is equivalent to the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. So, the problem is to minimize the maximum over k of (1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx). Wait, the original integral is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx = ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since ∫ h(x) dx is 1, then the overlap integral is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, the problem is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx over k. Wait, no. The problem says that C₅ is the maximum of the overlap integrals, which is 1 - the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, to minimize the maximum overlap integral, we need to maximize the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx over k. So, the problem becomes to maximize the minimal value of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx across all shifts k. However, the shifts here are in the interval [0, 2], but the correlation is computed over a full convolution, which includes all shifts.

Hmm, not sure if that helps directly, but maybe there's a connection to some known problem.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a convolution. Since the overlap integral is the dot product between h and 1 - h shifted by k. But again, not sure.

Another thought: the previous code used a relatively small n_points (like 45), but the user encourages using smaller sequences (less than 1k samples). However, using a larger n_points might allow for more precise optimization. Wait, the current initial_h_values is n=45. If I can increase the number of points, perhaps that could lead to a better bound, even though it takes more time. But the time budget is 100 seconds. Let's think: for example, with n_points=100, each evaluation of the objective function is O(n_points^2), but perhaps with optimizations, it's manageable.

But the code in the previous example uses the given initial_h_values (n=45). Maybe trying different starting points. For example, generating a different initial guess. But how?

Another idea: instead of using a fixed initial guess, maybe generate a more optimal initial guess by using some pattern that balances the overlap. For example, a periodic function, or a piecewise constant function with certain parameters.

For example, maybe using a function that is a square wave with certain parameters. Since the function h(x) is a step function, perhaps a pattern that has segments of 0 and 1 arranged in a way to minimize overlap.

Alternatively, considering that the integral over [0,2] is 1, the function h(x) must have a total area of 1. So if n_points is 45, each segment has an average value of 1/45 * 1 * dx. Wait, the dx is 2/n_points. So for n_points=45, dx=2/45 ≈ 0.0444. The sum of h_values is n_points / 2 = 22.5. So, for example, if the initial_h_values is 22.5, then each sample is on average 0.5. So the initial state is a function that's roughly 0.5 everywhere, but with some variations.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial guess is a function that is 1 for a certain interval and 0 for another, but adjusted to have total area 1. For example, a rectangle of width 1 and height 1, but the integral would be 1. But this might not be optimal.

But the initial_h_values is provided. So I need to work with that. Maybe the previous approach is not optimal because it's using a local refinement. What if we use a different optimization strategy, like a combination of global and local methods?

Alternatively, using Bayesian optimization to optimize the parameters in the problem. But that might be complex to implement in the given time.

Another approach: Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a simulated annealing approach. However, implementing that from scratch in Python could be time-consuming.

Alternatively, maybe use a different method for the initial optimization. For example, using a genetic algorithm to evolve the h array, with a fitness function that minimizes the maximum overlap integral.

Wait, the previous code used differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm. Perhaps using a different version with different parameters could be better.

Looking at the code again: the differential evolution is called with popsize=20, maxiter=30, mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9. Maybe adjusting these parameters could help. For example, increasing the mutation rate or the population size, but that may slow down the process.

Alternatively, trying different starting points. The initial_h_values is given, but perhaps creating other starting points by varying the initial guess. For example, generating random starting points that satisfy the constraints, and then optimizing them. However, doing this within the time budget may not be feasible.

Another idea is to use a more efficient function to compute the overlap integral. The current code uses np.correlate(mode='full'), which computes the cross-correlation. But the overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. However, the full mode of convolution returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. The cross-correlation of h and (1 - h) is computed, and then the maximum of that scaled by dx is taken. So the code is correctly computing the required C₅.

Wait, for the full mode, the length of the output is n_points * 2 - 1. So each element corresponds to a shift. But for shifts beyond the original length, the values are zero-padded. However, the actual integral over the real line would be over the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k. But the current code uses the full correlation, which is appropriate for the integral over [0,2], but maybe not for shifts that go beyond the endpoints. Wait, the problem defines the integral over the entire real line, but the function h is defined on [0,2], so when you shift by k, the overlap might be over a smaller interval. However, the problem statement specifies integrating over the entire domain, but the way it's handled here might be different. Hmm, perhaps the current code's approach is acceptable as per the problem's requirement.

But perhaps that's a source of error. For example, when shifting by k, the integral is over all x where x and x + k are within [0,2]. But the code's current approach uses the full convolution, which includes all possible shifts, but the actual integral is only for shifts that are within the domain where the overlap is non-zero. However, the problem statement's example code uses the correlation, so maybe that's acceptable.

So, the objective function is correctly computed.

Another point: the previous code uses the 'full' mode, which for a convolution of two vectors of length n, gives a result of length 2n - 1. But for the integral over [0,2], the shifts that are beyond certain points would have zero contribution. So the code computes all possible shifts, but the actual maximum might be achieved for certain values of k. But since the problem is to find the maximum over all k, the code captures that by considering all possible shifts.

So the code is correct.

Now, how to improve this. The previous code achieved C₅ of 0.381142, which is slightly worse than the current record of 0.38085. The new goal is to get lower than that.

Possible improvements:

1. Use a better initial guess. The initial_h_values is given, but maybe there's a better starting point. But the user says not to redefine initial_h_values. However, perhaps generating a different initial guess that's closer to the optimal.

2. Use a different optimization algorithm. The current code uses differential evolution and SLSQP. Perhaps using more efficient methods like Bayesian optimization, or a different gradient-based approach.

3. Adjust hyperparameters of the optimization routines. For example, increasing the number of iterations, changing the mutation parameters, etc.

4. Use parallel processing. However, with only 1 CPU, that's not possible.

5. Try a different approach: instead of minimizing the maximum overlap integral directly, try to balance the integrals for all shifts. For example, assuming that the optimal h is symmetric in some way, or has certain properties that allow the integrals to be balanced.

Another idea: since the maximum overlap integral is the worst-case shift, perhaps the optimal h is designed to have the same value of the integral for all shifts. This would be ideal but might not be possible. However, if we can approximate this, it could lead to better results.

But how to enforce that? It's a complex constraint.

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of the Fourier transform. The integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k )) dx is related to the Fourier transform of h(x) and the Fourier transform of 1 - h(x). But I'm not sure how to apply this here.

Alternatively, consider that for a function h, the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) dx is equal to the integral of h(x) dx - integral of h(x) h(x +k) dx. The first integral is 1, so the overlap integral is 1 - integral of h(x) h(x +k) dx. Therefore, to minimize the maximum overlap integral, we need to maximize the minimum of integral of h(x) h(x +k) dx over all shifts k.

This is equivalent to finding a function h that maximizes the minimum of its self-convolution over all shifts. This might be a known problem, but I'm not aware of it.

But perhaps focusing on the integral of h(x) h(x +k) dx. For a fixed k, this is the cross-correlation of h with itself shifted by k. So the problem is to maximize the minimum cross-correlation over all shifts. 

This seems related to the concept of "maximizing the minimum correlation" which is studied in some contexts, like in signal processing for watermarking or spreading sequences. However, I'm not sure about the exact solution.

But if this is the case, then the problem is to find a function h that has high cross-correlation with itself for all shifts, but since the integral is maxed over all k, we need to minimize the maximum of 1 - this integral. 

But how to approach this optimization.

An alternative idea is to use the fact that for certain functions, like a single pulse or a periodic function, the cross-correlation has certain properties. For example, a periodic function that is zero everywhere except in intervals that are spaced in a way to avoid overlap. 

But designing such a function manually is challenging.

Another thought: since the previous code uses a starting point of 45 points, maybe increasing the number of points can lead to a better result. For example, using 100 points. However, the evaluation time would increase. But since the budget is up to 100 seconds, perhaps it's manageable.

But the initial_h_values may be for 45 points. If I can create a different initial guess with more points, that might help. However, the user says to use the initial_h_values if available. Since it's available, I should use it. But maybe the initial guess is not the best. However, the user's code starts from initial_h_values and optimizes from there.

So, perhaps the previous code is on the right track. But the parameters for the optimization could be adjusted.

Let me think about the optimization steps. The previous code uses differential evolution with 3 iterations, then 5 iterations of refinement with SLSQP. Maybe instead of using differential evolution, using a more efficient method for the initial optimization, and then refining.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, using differential evolution to find a good starting point, and then using a local optimizer to fine-tune.

Another possible improvement: adjusting the constraints in the optimization. The previous code uses an equality constraint for the sum of h. But the bounds are individual per sample. Maybe adding more constraints, like ensuring that the function is piecewise constant with certain properties, but this might complicate things.

Alternatively, perhaps using a penalty method in the objective function. The current code uses the maximum of the correlation as the objective, and the constraint is the sum of h being equal to n_points / 2. 

But in the previous code, the refinement step uses the SLSQP method with the equality constraint. So that is correct.

Possible issues: the differential evolution might not be exploring the search space effectively, or it might be stuck in a local optimum. 

Maybe adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution could help. For example, increasing the population size (popsize=20 is small), or changing the mutation parameters.

Another idea: instead of using differential evolution for the initial search, use a different global optimization method. For example, using the harmony search algorithm, or a genetic algorithm with a different selection strategy.

But implementing these from scratch might take time. However, given the code's current structure, perhaps modifying the parameters of the existing optimization steps could be better.

Also, the previous code uses the same initial h_values for all iterations. Maybe randomly perturbing the initial guess and optimizing from multiple starting points could help find a better solution. However, that would take more time and may not be feasible within the budget.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, creating a random initial guess that satisfies the constraints, and then optimizing from there. But again, without knowing the initial_h_values, that could be risky.

But the user provides the initial_h_values. So, maybe the previous code is using that as the starting point, which is the best possible given the initial setup.

Another idea is to use a more efficient objective function. For example, precomputing the correlation for all shifts, and then maximizing it. But that's what the code already does.

At this point, I think that perhaps the key is to optimize the parameters of the existing optimization approach. Let me think about what could be changed in the previous code.

The initial code runs differential evolution with maxiter=30 and popsize=20. Maybe increasing the maxiter or popsize could find better solutions. For example, using maxiter=50 and popsize=30. But this might take more time.

But the code has a time budget. The initial code's first loop runs 3 times, then another loop. The time check is done with time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15, then breaks. So, the first loop takes up to 15 seconds, and then the second loop takes 10 seconds. 

If I increase the number of iterations, say, 3 times for the differential evolution, and then more iterations for refinement, but being careful not to exceed the time budget.

Another thing is that the differential evolution has tolerance set to 1e-9. Maybe lowering that could allow more iterations. Or adjusting other parameters like mutation and recombination.

Alternatively, using the 'bounded' method of differential evolution with different parameters.

But given time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the parameters of the existing optimization steps. For example, in the differential evolution, use a higher population size and more iterations, and in the refinement steps, use more iterations of SLSQP.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses the initial h_values and then runs differential evolution. However, maybe the initial h_values is already a decent solution. So running differential evolution once may be sufficient, and more refinement steps could help.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the refinement step. For example, if the SLSQP is not effective, perhaps switching to another method.

But given that the user has provided a working code, the task is to improve upon it.

Another possible improvement: using a different evaluation of the objective function. For example, instead of computing the full correlation, maybe compute only the relevant shifts. But I don't think that would help.

Alternatively, using a faster way to compute the correlation. However, the current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient.

Another possible optimization: using a different method for the refinement step. For example, instead of using SLSQP with the constraints, using a method that handles the bounds more effectively.

But I'm not sure.

Let me think about the code structure again. The run function returns the best h_values found after the optimization. So, the key is to find a way to find a better solution within the time budget.

Another idea: using a multi-step approach where the function is iteratively refined. For example, after an initial differential evolution, perform a local optimization, then generate a new starting point by perturbing the current solution, and repeat. This is similar to simulated annealing or other metaheuristics.

But implementing that in code would require careful time management.

Alternatively, using the previous code but with different parameters. For example, in the differential evolution, set mutation to (0.8, 1.0) and recombination to 0.7, which might lead to more diversity in the population. Or increase the mutation rate.

But without experimentation, it's hard to know.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code by tuning the parameters of the differential evolution and refinement steps. Let me try to adjust the parameters.

For example, increasing the popsize to 30 and maxiter to 50 for differential evolution. Then increasing the number of refinement steps. Also, perhaps changing the mutation parameters.

But how much time would that take? Well, the code's current first loop runs differential evolution 3 times. Maybe I can run it more times, like 5, and then do more refinement steps.

Another idea: since the objective function is expensive to evaluate, using a more efficient method like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B for the refinement steps could be more effective.

Wait, in the previous code, the refinement step uses SLSQP with an equality constraint on the sum. But COBYLA is a derivative-free method that handles bounds. So perhaps using COBYLA for refinement could be better.

Let me think. The refinement function is called with 'refine', which uses optimize.minimize with method='SLSQP', constraints, etc. Changing the method to 'COBYLA' might be better. But need to check if it's feasible.

In that case, perhaps changing the refinement step to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP. Also, perhaps increasing the number of iterations.

Alternatively, the code could use a combination of methods: first, use differential evolution to find a good starting point, then use a local gradient-based method to refine it.

In summary, the code could be modified to:

- Use a better mutation strategy in differential evolution.
- Use a different refinement method like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B.
- Increase the number of iterations.
- Reduce the time spent in each step to within the budget.

But the user's code already uses SLSQP for refinement. Perhaps the previous approach is suboptimal in that step. 

An alternative refinement approach: use the COBYLA method, which does not require the gradients and can handle bounds, and may be more robust.

So, modifying the refine function to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP.

Additionally, perhaps using a more aggressive number of iterations.

Another point: in the current code, the 'refine' function uses method='SLSQP', which is good for constrained optimization. But the constraints are the equality constraint on the sum. Alternatively, can we handle the equality constraint more efficiently?

Alternatively, the sum constraint is handled by the 'cons' function. The SLSQP method is suitable here.

In any case, perhaps the code can be adjusted by changing the refinement method or parameters.

Another idea: using the 'L-BFGS-B' method for refinement, which is a gradient-based method that works with bounds. This could converge faster if the objective function is smooth.

But the objective function is the maximum of the correlation, which is non-smooth. So the gradient may not be accurate, which may cause problems for L-BFGS-B.

But since the objective function is non-smooth, using a derivative-free method like COBYLA or Nelder-Mead might be better.

In any case, the code needs to be adjusted to possibly improve the result.

Now, to implement this idea in code. Here's what I can do:

- Modify the 'refine' function to use COBYLA or another method.
- Increase the number of iterations.
- Adjust the parameters of differential evolution.

But given the time, perhaps the best way is to proceed with these changes.

Let me try to draft the code.

First, the initial code has the refine function, which calls optimize.minimize with method='SLSQP'.

Changing that to use the 'COBYLA' method:

def refine(r):
    res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                           constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                           options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12})
    return res.x if res.success else r

But I need to check if this is allowed. Also, the 'COBYLA' method may not handle the constraints as well as 'SLSQP' in this case.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with a different tolerance.

Another thing to consider is that the objective function is the maximum of the correlation, which is a non-differentiable function. This makes the optimization difficult. Perhaps using a smoothing technique or a different formulation.

But this is getting complex. Given the time constraints, perhaps trying different parameters in the existing approach is the best way.

So, here's a plan for the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

2. Perform differential evolution with more iterations and a larger population size.

3. Refine with more SLSQP iterations, possibly using different parameters.

4. Allow for more iterations in the loop.

But I need to make sure that the code completes within 100 seconds.

Another adjustment: the initial code performs differential evolution 3 times, then refinement steps. Perhaps increasing the number of differential evolution iterations.

For example, run differential evolution 5 times, then do more refinement steps.

Also, changing the mutation parameters.

Moreover, the code may be limited by the 'tol' parameter in differential evolution. Setting a higher tolerance may allow the search to stop sooner.

Alternatively, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

In the initial code, the mutation is (0.7, 0.95) and recombination is 0.9. Perhaps changing these to (0.8, 1.0) and recombination 0.6.

Experimental changes could improve the result.

In summary, the code should be modified to:

- Use more iterations of differential evolution.
- Use a different method for refinement.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization steps.
- Potentially increase the number of points if allowed, but given the user's previous code uses n_points=45, it's safer to stick with that.

Now, integrating all these thoughts into the code.

Another thought: the previous code's objective function is the maximum of the correlation, which is expensive. Perhaps using a more efficient way to compute this, like caching or using vectorized operations. However, the current code uses np.correlate, which is already efficient.

Another possible optimization: precompute the correlation for all shifts and find the maximum. However, this is what the code is already doing.

So, the main changes would be:

- Increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution.
- Changing the mutation and recombination parameters.
- Using COBYLA or another method for refinement.
- Possibly adjusting the refinement steps to run more times.

Now, let's code these changes into the previous code.

First, in the differential evolution call, increase the maxiter and population size. For example, maxiter=50 and popsize=30.

Then, in the refinement step, use a better method, like COBYLA, or SLSQP with different options.

Also, increase the number of refinement steps.

But the code has a time constraint, so we need to manage the time carefully.

Another adjustment: the initial code uses 3 iterations of differential evolution. Maybe changing that to 5 iterations.

Additionally, in the refinement steps, run the refine function multiple times.

So, here's the modified code:

import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(5):  # More iterations
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=30, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 1.0), recombination=0.6, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = refine(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(10):  # More refinement steps
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

This code increases the number of differential evolution iterations, changes parameters like popsize, mutation, and recombination, and increases the refinement steps. This might lead to a better solution.

But I need to make sure that the time budget is respected. The initial loop runs 5 times, each with differential evolution for 50 iterations. The refinement loop runs 10 times.

Another possible improvement is to use the 'Nelder-Mead' method in the refinement steps. However, the 'refine' function currently uses 'SLSQP', which is suited for constrained problems.

Alternatively, use a more robust method, but given the time constraints, this is a feasible change.

Thus, the modified code should have better parameters and more iterations, leading to a lower C₅ bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=30, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 1.0), recombination=0.6, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = refine(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```