<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral by finding a suitable step function h(x). The current record is 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than that, like 0.380876. The previous code uses differential evolution and SLSQP refinement, but maybe there's a better approach.

First, I should understand what the problem is asking. The overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize this maximum, we need a function h that is as spread out as possible, so that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much with itself.

The previous approach starts with an initial guess and uses optimization techniques. But maybe there's a way to improve this by considering different starting points or using a different optimization strategy. Also, the current code uses a fixed number of points, but maybe varying the number of points could help. However, the user prefers smaller sequences with less than 1k samples. Let me check the constraints again.

The initial_h_values are provided with n=45 samples. The previous code uses that as a starting point. But maybe starting from a different configuration, like a more evenly spaced sample, could lead to better results. Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess would avoid local optima.

Another thought: the problem is a constrained optimization problem. The main constraint is that the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation. But cross-correlation here is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So for each shift k, we need to compute this integral.

The previous code uses differential evolution and then refines with SLSQP. Maybe using a different optimization method, like a genetic algorithm, or a more efficient local search strategy, could be better. Also, the current code might be stuck in local minima. To avoid that, maybe starting with multiple initial points and running the optimization in parallel could help, but given the time budget, that's not feasible.

Another angle: the overlap integral is similar to convolution. Maybe we can model this as a convolution problem where we want to minimize the peak of the convolution. But I'm not sure how that translates into optimization.

Let me think about the structure of the function h. Since h is a step function, it can be represented as a series of intervals where it's 0 or 1. But in the problem, the h is sampled at discrete points. So the function is piecewise constant on intervals between the samples. The cross-correlation for each shift k would involve overlapping these intervals, and the integral would sum over the overlapping regions.

To minimize the maximum overlap, the function h should be designed so that when shifted by any k, the overlap with itself is minimized. This is similar to error-correcting codes, where you want codewords to be as far apart as possible, but here it's a continuous function.

Maybe the optimal h is a periodic function with certain symmetry. For example, if h is symmetric around the center of the interval [0,2], then shifting by certain amounts would create overlapping regions. But how to model that?

Alternatively, maybe using a function that's a union of intervals spaced apart in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For instance, if h consists of a few intervals that are spaced to avoid overlap when shifted by the critical k values.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem? The previous code approaches it as a continuous optimization problem, but with the constraints of the integral. The main challenge is that the objective function is non-convex and has multiple local minima.

Another idea is to use a more sophisticated optimization method, such as a Bayesian optimization approach, which can explore the search space more efficiently. However, implementing that might be complex and time-consuming.

Alternatively, using multi-objective optimization. But since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions (for different k), perhaps we can use a surrogate model to approximate the maximum and optimize that.

Wait, but the problem is that for each iteration, we have to compute the maximum of the cross-correlation over all possible k. The cross-correlation here is over a continuous shift, but in the problem, the function is discretized. So the integral for each k depends on the discrete shifts. However, the code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation at all possible shifts. Then, the maximum of those values multiplied by dx (the step size) gives the C5 value.

So the main challenge is to find a step function h that minimizes this maximum value. Since the cross-correlation for different k is non-linear in h, the optimization problem is complex.

Let me consider the previous approach. It uses differential evolution to explore the search space, then refines with SLSQP. Maybe the problem is that the initial guess is not good enough. The current initial_h_values might be a local minimum. So perhaps starting from a different initial guess would lead to a better solution.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess that's more evenly spaced. For example, if I can create an initial h that's made up of equal-length intervals, then maybe that's a better starting point.

Another approach: since the integral of h over [0, 2] is 1, the average value is 0.5. So h is a step function that spends half of the interval in 1 and half in 0. The optimal h would be such that when shifted, it overlaps as little as possible in the regions where it's 1 and 0.

But how to model that. Maybe think of the problem as a coverage problem, where we want the function h to be placed in such a way that overlapping with shifted versions is minimized.

Another thought: perhaps the optimal h is a combination of multiple intervals that are spaced periodically. For example, if we divide the interval [0, 2] into equal parts and set h to 1 in some of them and 0 in others, but arranged in a way that their shifts have minimal overlap.

Alternatively, use a function that has a certain structure. Like, for example, a triangular wave or a square wave. But since it's a step function, it's made up of intervals.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the existing method. Let's think about how the previous code can be optimized.

In the previous code, they use differential evolution for the initial search and then refine with SLSQP. However, differential evolution might not be the fastest method. Also, the number of iterations and parameters could be adjusted.

Another idea: using a more efficient optimization method, like a genetic algorithm with specific mutation and crossover strategies. However, implementing that might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model, such as a neural network, to approximate the objective function and optimize that. But that might be too complex for the given time.

Another approach: since the integral is over a continuous shift, maybe the maximum overlap occurs for specific values of k. For example, the critical shifts that cause the maximum overlap. So, if we can focus the optimization on these critical shifts, perhaps we can find a better h.

But how to find those critical k values. It's not clear.

Perhaps using a coordinate descent approach, where we iteratively adjust the h values to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, for each point in the h array, compute the contribution to the overlap integral and adjust it accordingly. However, this could be challenging to implement.

Alternatively, considering that the objective function is the maximum of several interdependent functions, maybe we can use a penalty method where we try to minimize each overlap integral, but this is not straightforward.

Another possible improvement is to use a different starting point. The initial_h_values might not be the best. For example, generating a random initial h vector that satisfies the integral constraint. But how?

Wait, the initial_h_values are given, and the code uses them. But perhaps generating a better initial guess is important. For example, using a more even distribution of ones and zeros.

Alternatively, generate an initial h that is a periodic pattern that distributes the 1s and 0s as evenly as possible.

For instance, if n_points is even, then the initial h could be 1 for the first half and 0 for the second half, but that would lead to a high overlap. Alternatively, spreading out the 1s and 0s more evenly.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values might be a specific pattern. But since the problem is to find a better h, maybe starting with a different pattern could lead to better results.

Let me think about the current code's approach. The code uses the initial_h_values as the starting point, then runs differential evolution for a certain number of iterations, then refines with SLSQP. The problem is that the initial guess may not be good enough, and the optimization might get stuck in a local minimum.

An alternative approach is to run the optimization with multiple different initial guesses, each time generating a random h that satisfies the integral constraint. This would increase the chances of finding a better solution.

But generating multiple initial guesses and running the optimizer for each might take more time. However, given the time budget, maybe it's feasible.

Another idea: perhaps the current code could be accelerated by using more efficient optimization methods. For example, using the BFGS method with constraints instead of SLSQP. But BFGS can be a bit slow for constrained problems.

Alternatively, using a more efficient implementation of the objective function. For example, precomputing the shifts and avoiding redundant calculations.

Wait, the previous code uses numpy.correlate to compute the cross-correlation. However, the cross-correlation here is computed for all possible shifts. For a given h, the maximum value of the cross-correlation multiplied by dx would be the C5 value. So the code is correctly calculating that.

But perhaps the objective function is expensive to compute, especially for large n_points. Since the user prefers smaller sequences (under 1k samples), and the initial_h_values is 45 points, which is manageable.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function. For example, precomputing the possible shifts and vectorizing the computation.

But the code already uses numpy.correlate, which is efficient. Maybe the main bottleneck is the optimization itself.

So, given that the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but might not be the fastest. Maybe switching to a method that combines global and local search, like a genetic algorithm followed by a local refinement.

But given that I need to write the code in a limited time, perhaps modifying the existing code to use a different optimization setup. For example, using the SLSQP method with a better initial guess.

Wait, the previous code tries multiple refinements. Maybe the number of iterations can be increased, or the parameters adjusted. For example, increasing the maxiter in SLSQP.

Alternatively, changing the initial guesses by using different starting points. For instance, generating multiple starting points and selecting the best one.

But how to do that within the code. Let me think.

Another thought: the initial_h_values are provided. Maybe using that initial guess is not the best. Suppose I construct an initial guess that is a more optimal configuration. For example, if I can generate a more evenly distributed h, perhaps by spreading out the one's and zero's more evenly.

But how to construct such a pattern algorithmically. For example, using a pattern that is like a sine wave or other periodic function, but discretized. For instance, a function that has 1s and 0s arranged periodically.

But given the time constraints, maybe the best way is to modify the previous code to try different starting points and see if better results can be found.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. Let me think about the current initial_h_values. If I can find out what the initial configuration looks like, maybe it's a certain pattern. But since I can't see it, I have to assume it's some arbitrary pattern. But the code uses that initial guess, so perhaps trying to create a new initial guess could help.

Alternatively, generate a random initial guess that satisfies the integral constraint. For example, setting half of the points to 1 and the rest to 0, but shuffled. However, this might not be the best, but it's worth trying.

So, in the code, the initial_h_values is given. Maybe the code can start with that, but also try other initial points. However, with the time budget, it might not be feasible to try too many.

Another idea: using the fact that the problem is symmetric. For example, the function h is defined over [0,2], so maybe the optimal h is symmetric around 1.0. This could be exploited in the initial guess.

But how to make that into an algorithm.

Alternatively, use a more sophisticated approach for the optimization. For example, using a gradient-based method with a better initial guess. But the problem is that the objective function is non-convex, and the gradients might be noisy.

In the previous code, the SLSQP method is used after differential evolution. Maybe the number of iterations in SLSQP can be increased, or the tolerance can be adjusted to find a better minimum.

Another possible optimization: precompute the cross-correlation for all shifts, but since it's done with numpy.correlate, which is efficient, perhaps it's not a problem.

Another point to consider: the current code uses a population-based differential evolution, which is good for global search, but maybe the parameters for differential evolution can be adjusted to get better results. For example, changing the popsize, mutation rate, etc.

Wait, in the previous code, the differential evolution is done with popsize=20, maxiter=30, mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9. Maybe changing some of these parameters could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm. For example, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) method. But implementing PSO might be complex.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a better initial guess, adjust the optimization parameters, and/or use a different method for refinement.

Let me think about how to generate a better initial guess. For example, if I can create a function that distributes the 1s and 0s as evenly as possible. Suppose the function is built by placing 1s at regular intervals. For example, if the number of samples is even, place 1s every-other sample. However, this may not work because the integral must be 1.

Wait, the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So, the sum of all h[i] multiplied by dx (which is 2.0 / n_points) must equal 1. So sum(h) = n_points / 2.

So, for the initial guess, we need half of the h[i] values to be 1, and the other half to be 0. But to distribute them evenly, maybe placing them every other sample.

For example, if n_points is even, set h[i] = 1 if i is even, else 0. But that would give exactly half of the samples as 1 and half as 0. However, this creates a function that is a square wave, which might not be optimal. However, it could be a good starting point for the optimization.

But the initial_h_values might have a different structure. If I can generate such a starting point, maybe the optimization can find a better solution.

But in the code, the initial_h_values is provided. So perhaps we should start with that and try to refine it further. However, the previous code's approach may not have explored enough.

Another idea: instead of using differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, maybe use a local optimization method with a better initial guess. For example, using a pattern-based initial guess and then optimizing it.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is a local search method that can be effective for certain problems.

But again, given the time constraints, it's better to try modifying the existing code.

Another point: in the previous code, the refine function is called multiple times with different parameters. For example, after differential evolution, the code runs several refinements with SLSQP. Maybe the number of iterations in SLSQP can be increased to get a better minimum.

So, modifying the parameters in the SLSQP method, like increasing maxiter or adjusting ftol.

Additionally, the code could try multiple initial guesses for the optimization. For example, generating several different h_initial vectors that satisfy the integral constraint and running the optimization for each, then choosing the best result.

But given the time budget, it's possible that this would take too long.

Alternatively, use a different initial guess. For example, generate a random h vector that has half 1s and half 0s, shuffled, and use that as an initial guess. This could potentially find a better solution than the initial_h_values.

But how to do that in the code. For example, creating a random initial guess would be:

h_initial = np.random.choice([0, 1], size=n_points, p=[0.5, 0.5])
h_initial = h_initial * 0.5 ?

Wait, no. The sum of h_initial must be n_points / 2. So if n_points is even, then exactly half of the elements must be 1 and the other half 0. So for example:

h_initial = np.zeros_like(initial_h_values)
h_initial[:n_points//2] = 1
h_initial = np.random.permutation(h_initial)

But then, the sum would be n_points//2, which equals n_points/2 if n_points is even. But for odd n_points, this would not work. However, since the initial_h_values is of size 45, which is odd, which would require the sum to be 22.5, but the sum must be an integer. Wait, this is a problem. The sum of h must be n_points / 2, which for integer n_points is only possible if n_points is even. But the initial_h_values may have n_points of 45, which is odd. This suggests that there's a mistake. Wait, no. The sum of h multiplied by dx equals 1. So, sum(h) * dx = 1 => sum(h) = 1 / dx = n_points / 2. For example, if n_points is 45, then sum(h) should be 22.5. However, the h[i] are sampled from [0,1]. So the sum can be a non-integer. 

Ah, right. So it's possible for n_points to be odd. For example, with n_points=45, sum(h) must be exactly 22.5. Therefore, the initial_h_values may have entries that are non-integer or a mix of 0 and 1 with some 0.5 values. But in the code, the initial_h_values are provided, and they have sum equal to n_points / 2. 

So, for the code, the initial_h_values may already have a non-integer sum, but with the code's sum(h) == n_points / 2 exactly. 

So, generating an initial guess with random 0 and 1s would not work for odd n_points, but the code can handle it by allowing some values to be between 0 and 1 to make the sum exact. 

But maybe for the initial guess, it's better to use a more even distribution. For example, for a given n_points, create an initial h that has values 1 for the first half, 0 for the second half, but permuted. But this would give a sum of n_points/2, but for odd n_points, this would require rounding. 

But since the code allows h[i] to be in [0,1], perhaps a better initial guess would be to distribute the 1s and 0s as evenly as possible. For example, if n_points is 45, then 22 or 23 1s. But in the code, sum(h) must be exactly 22.5. So the initial guess must have some values set to 0.5 to make the sum exact. 

This complicates things. So maybe the initial guess is not as simple as a square wave. However, generating such an initial guess algorithmically could help.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use different initial guesses, or try different optimization strategies.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum integral, perhaps we can use a surrogate model that approximates the maximum integral and then optimize that. However, this requires more complex setup.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm. But again, implementing it would take time.

Another possible improvement: using the fact that the cross-correlation for k=0 is always the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x)) dx. But since h(x) is either 0 or 1, this integral is zero. Wait, no. If h(x) is 0 or 1, then h(x)(1 - h(x)) is zero. So the integral is zero. Therefore, the cross-correlation for k=0 is zero. The other shifts are what we need to minimize.

But the maximum among all shifts includes the maximum for all k. So the problem is to minimize the maximum over k of the cross-correlation.

Therefore, the main challenge is to minimize the maximum of the integrals for shifts k that are not zero.

But how to find those shifts. For example, the critical shifts would be those that cause overlapping between the regions where h is 1 and the regions where h is 0. So, the ideal case is that h is arranged so that when shifted, there is minimal overlap between 1s and 0s.

Now, returning to the previous code. The code uses differential evolution and then SLSQP refinement. Perhaps the issue is that the refinement is not sufficient. So, increasing the number of refinement steps, or tightening the tolerance, could help.

Another possible modification: in the refine function, instead of using SLSQP, use a different method. For example, COBYLA or other methods.

But the code currently uses SLSQP. Maybe the parameters for SLSQP could be adjusted. For example, changing ftol to 1e-10 or increasing maxiter.

Another idea: use a different starting point for the refinement. In the current code, the refine function is called on the result of differential evolution, and then iteratively refined. But perhaps the initial refinement could be done with a different method, like using the L-BFGS-B method for bound-constrained optimization.

But without knowing the exact implementation, it's hard to say. However, the code already uses SLSQP, which is a viable method.

Another point: the current code allows the initial guess to be modified by the differential evolution, which can explore the search space. However, the number of iterations in differential evolution is limited to 30. Increasing that might help, but it would take more time.

But with the time budget of 100 seconds, and the code's current setup, it may be feasible to increase the maxiter for differential evolution.

Alternatively, try using a lower number of iterations for differential evolution, but more for the refinement steps.

In summary, possible improvements:

1. Use a better initial guess (like a more evenly distributed pattern of 1s and 0s).
2. Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP methods to allow for more thorough exploration and refinement.
3. Try different optimization methods for the refinement step.
4. Increase the number of refinement steps.
5. Use multiple initial guesses and select the best result.

Considering the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to try a different initial guess, such as a more even distribution, and adjust the parameters for the optimization steps.

But how to create a better initial guess. For example, for the given n_points of 45, which is odd, the sum must be 22.5. So, we can create an initial guess where approximately half of the samples are 1, and the rest are 0, with some adjusted to 0.5 to make the sum exact. For example, for n=45, 22 samples are 1, 22 are 0, and one sample is adjusted to 0.5.

This could be done algorithmically, for example:

def generate_even_initial(n_points):
    h = np.zeros(n_points)
    h[:n_points//2] = 1
    h[n_points//2] = 0.5
    np.random.shuffle(h)
    return h

But this would give a rough initial guess that is more evenly distributed.

Alternatively, a better way to distribute the 1s and 0s could be to use a pseudo-random sequence that ensures even distribution, but it's complex.

In any case, the code could be modified to try this as an initial guess.

But since the initial_h_values is provided, and the code starts from it, perhaps changing the initial guess could help. However, the code's current approach starts from initial_h_values.

Thus, to improve upon the existing code, perhaps:

1. Use a different initial guess, like the even distribution method described above.
2. Increase the number of iterations for the differential evolution and SLSQP.
3. Use more refinement steps.
4. Tweak the parameters for the optimization methods.

Let me think about how to implement this in code.

The previous code uses differential evolution with popsize=20, maxiter=30, etc. Maybe increasing maxiter to 50 would help. Also, increasing the number of refinement steps.

Alternatively, using a larger population for differential evolution.

But given the time constraints, it's better to modify the code to try different optimization settings.

So, modifying the code:

In the previous code, the differential evolution is run for 3 iterations, then some refinement steps. Perhaps increasing the number of differential evolution iterations and the refinement steps.

Another idea is to use the initial_h_values and try to refine it further with different methods.

Another possible enhancement is to use a different objective function that penalizes higher values, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, since the objective is to minimize the maximum value, the problem can be transformed into a minimax problem. This is a standard form for optimization, and various algorithms exist. However, the code already uses differential evolution to tackle this.

In conclusion, the plan is to modify the existing code to:

- Use a different initial guess (such as even distribution of 1s and 0s with some 0.5 values).
- Increase the number of iterations for the optimization steps.
- Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for more thorough exploration.

But since the initial_h_values is provided, and the user says that if available, use it directly, I should not redefine or copy it. So the code would use the initial_h_values as the starting point. However, the previous code may not be sufficient, so modifying the optimization parameters to better refine the initial guess could be the way.

Another possible change is to increase the number of refinement steps. The current code runs refinement steps 5 times, with each step using SLSQP. Increasing this number could allow more refinement.

Additionally, for the refine function, perhaps changing the optimization method could help. For example, using a different method like COBYLA instead of SLSQP.

But given that the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a constrained method and suitable for this problem, it's possible that adjusting the parameters of SLSQP, like ftol and maxiter, could improve the results.

Let me think about the parameters. The previous code uses ftol=1e-12 for the SLSQP optimization. Maybe reducing this tolerance could allow for better convergence, but it might take more time. Alternatively, increasing the maxiter.

So, modifying the SLSQP parameters in the refine function.

In summary, the code should be adjusted to:

- Refine more times.
- Use a better initial guess.
- Adjust SLSQP parameters for better convergence.

But given the code's structure, I need to implement these changes.

Now, considering the required output, I need to write the code that does this.

The previous code uses initial_h_values. So if the initial guess is not optimal, maybe the code can improve it by using a more refined optimization process.

Another idea: use a different starting point, like the even distribution initial guess, but since the initial_h_values is provided, perhaps the code can generate a better initial guess and start from there.

But given the time, the code can try to use the initial_h_values and then refine it with the existing method, possibly with adjusted parameters.

In conclusion, the final code would modify the previous code to:

- Increase the number of iterations for differential evolution and refinement.
- Adjust the SLSQP parameters.
- Possibly try multiple initial guesses (but given time constraints, sticking to the initial_h_values is better).

The code would use the same structure as before but with improved parameters.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(
            obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
            options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(
            obj, bounds, popsize=20, maxiter=50,
            mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9
        )
        h_opt = refine(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(7):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```