<think>
Okay, let's try to figure out how to improve the upper bound for C₅. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP optimization and differential evolution, starting from some initial guesses. My goal is to find a better approach than that.

First, I need to understand what the problem is asking. The function h(x) is a step function on [0, 2] that integrates to 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Lower C₅ is better, so I need to find a h that minimizes this maximum overlap.

The previous code starts from initial_h_values and uses various guess functions (pulses, sawtooth, triangle) to generate different h candidates. Then it optimizes them with SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better way to approach this.

Hmm. Maybe instead of random guesses, I can use a different optimization strategy. For example, maybe using a genetic algorithm that's more efficient? Or maybe using a different kind of initialization. Also, the previous code uses a lot of parameters and multiple iterations. Perhaps I can streamline that.

Another thought: the problem has periodicity. Since we're dealing with a function on [0,2], adding a shift k could be periodic with some period. Maybe enforcing some symmetry in h could help. For instance, if the function is symmetric around 1, that might balance out the overlaps.

Wait, the integral constraint is ∫h(x)dx =1. So the average value of h is 0.5. So maybe the function has a certain structure, like being periodic with period 2, but that's not necessarily the case. Alternatively, maybe splitting the interval into parts where h is 0 or 1, but that might be too simplistic.

Alternatively, think about the overlap integral. For each shift k, the integral is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x+k) is 0, weighted by the overlap. To minimize the maximum of these over all k, maybe h should be designed such that for any shift, the overlap is limited.

What's the current best? The previous code got C₅ around 0.3811, which is slightly higher than the target 0.380876. So we need to improve that.

Another approach: maybe use a more efficient optimization technique. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, which might be slow. Maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach, or a surrogate model to guide the search?

Alternatively, maybe breaking the problem into parts. For example, if we can find a h that has a certain structure, like a piecewise constant function with specific intervals, that might be easier to optimize. For example, using a set of intervals where h is 0 or 1, but that's a bit vague.

Wait, the initial_h_values has 45 points. Maybe using a coarser grid would help? But the problem says to prefer smaller sequences. So perhaps trying a smaller n_points first. For example, starting with 20 or 30 points. But maybe that's not feasible if the initial solution is better on a coarser grid.

Wait, the user mentioned that the previous method used n=45. Maybe trying a larger n_points could help capture more detailed structures, but that might require more computation time. However, with the time budget of 100s, it's possible that trying a larger n_points with a smarter algorithm might be better.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method, like gradient-based with constraints. But the current code uses SLSQP. Maybe adjusting the parameters or using a more efficient solver? For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method if the function is not too smooth.

Wait, the objective function is the maximum of the correlation. The correlation is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, 'full'), then multiplied by dx. So for each shift k, the value is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx over [0,2]. The maximum over these is the value we want to minimize.

But the problem is that the correlation function is not smooth, so perhaps the optimization landscape is rugged, making it hard for gradient-based methods. So maybe using a more global optimization method, like differential evolution, but with better parameters and more efficient exploration.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution with a certain population and iterations. Maybe adjusting those parameters, like increasing the population size or the mutation scale, could lead to better results. However, with the time budget, it might be challenging.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe we can try to find a h that balances the overlaps across all possible k. For example, ensuring that no single shift k causes a large overlap. So, maybe using some symmetry in h. For instance, if h is periodic with period 1, but that's not necessarily true. Or, using a function that's symmetric around the midpoint of the interval.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that's based on a mathematical construction, like a sinusoidal wave with certain parameters. The previous code tried generating pulses, sawtooth, etc. Maybe trying different waveforms or optimizing their parameters.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given, but maybe the code can start with a different initial guess. For instance, starting with a uniform distribution but adjusted to meet the integral constraint. Or starting with a function that has a certain pattern that's known to perform well.

Another possibility: since the problem is about overlaps, maybe considering the h function as a binary (or step) function with certain intervals. For example, if h is a sequence of 1s and 0s with specific lengths, but the function is allowed to have any step values between 0 and 1. However, perhaps using a binary function (0s and 1s) could be optimal. But the previous code uses continuous values, so maybe that's not the case.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal h is a binary function. If that's the case, perhaps the problem becomes a combinatorial optimization problem, which might be NP-hard. But with 45 points, maybe we can try some heuristic approaches.

But maybe the previous code is already using a step function with values in [0,1], so perhaps trying to use a binary function (values 0 or 1) would be a better approach. But how to optimize that?

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient way to sample the function. For example, using a grid where h(x) is 0.5 in some regions, 0 or 1 in others, balancing the integral.

But perhaps the key is to improve the optimization process. Let's think about how the previous code works. It starts with initial_h_values, then generates several guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, etc.), applies SLSQP optimization, then differential evolution, then refines with SLSQP again.

Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough, leading to local optima. So, perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, trying different combinations of frequencies and duty cycles for the pulse and sawtooth functions.

Alternatively, maybe the code is not effectively exploring the search space. For example, the differential evolution uses a population size of 80 and 50 iterations. Maybe adjusting those parameters (like increasing the population size or iterations) could help, but within the time budget.

Another idea: use a hybrid approach. For example, using a genetic algorithm for global search and then local refinement with SLSQP. Or using a multi-start method from different initial points.

But given the time constraints, perhaps modifying the existing approach would be more feasible. For example, trying a different initial guess, like a binary function with certain properties, or a function that's designed to minimize overlap.

Wait, the current code's initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which might be the one that got the previous C5 of 0.3811. If we can find a better initialization, maybe the optimization can find a better solution.

Another approach is to consider the problem as an optimization problem with constraints. The integral constraint is a linear equality constraint, and the objective is the maximum of the correlations. However, the maximum is a non-smooth function, making the problem harder.

To handle this, perhaps using a different formulation. For example, for each k, the overlap is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The maximum over all k is the value to minimize. So, perhaps we can model this as a minmax problem and use some optimization techniques for that.

Alternatively, since the objective is the maximum of several functions (each corresponding to a different shift k), perhaps the problem can be approximated by sampling a set of k values and trying to minimize the maximum over those. However, the exact set of k values isn't clear.

But with the previous code, the correlation is computed for all possible k, so it's a full convolution. Maybe the maximum occurs at specific shifts, such as k=1, k=0.5, etc. So, if we can focus the optimization on these critical shifts, maybe we can reduce the problem's complexity.

Another thought: since the integral constraint is that the average of h(x) is 0.5, maybe the function h(x) can be represented as a base function plus some perturbation. For example, a base function that's symmetric and has a certain shape, and then adjusting it to meet the integral constraint.

Alternatively, given that we're working with a step function, maybe using an interval partitioning approach. For instance, the function is divided into intervals where it takes certain values, and the parameters of these intervals are optimized.

But integrating this into the code might be complex. However, if the code can generate different partitions and optimize their parameters, that might lead to better results.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values are given. Let's assume that they are a good starting point, but perhaps we can modify them. For example, starting with a function that has a repeating pattern, like a square wave or a triangular wave with certain parameters.

Alternatively, maybe using a piecewise linear function with certain properties. But without knowing the exact structure, this is difficult.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a function that is constant in certain regions. For example, h(x) is 1 for half of the interval and 0 for the other, but this is a simple case. However, this might not be optimal because the overlap integral would depend on the shifts. For instance, if h is 1 on [0,1] and 0 on [1,2], then the overlap integral for k=1 would be the integral of 1*(1 - 0) from 0 to1, which is 1, leading to a high C5. So that's not good.

But maybe a more complex arrangement, like alternating regions of 1 and 0 with certain lengths. For example, a function that is 1 for a certain length, then 0, then 1 again, etc. But this would be a binary function, which may be easier to optimize.

But the problem allows h(x) to take any value between 0 and 1. So, a binary function is allowed but not required. However, maybe the optimal solution is binary. If that's the case, then the problem reduces to finding a binary function (sequence of 0s and 1s) that meets the integral constraint and minimizes the maximum overlap.

But with a large n_points, this is a combinatorial problem. However, with the previous code's n=45, maybe it's feasible to try some binary functions.

But how to efficiently search for such a function? The previous code uses continuous optimization, perhaps leading to better results. But maybe a binary approach would find a better solution.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the previous approach is better. However, the previous code's performance is slightly above the target. So the goal is to find a better optimization method.

Another idea: using a more advanced optimization library, like scipy's basinhopping, which is good for finding global minima in rough landscapes. Or using a different optimization method like Bayesian optimization with a surrogate model.

But integrating that into the code within the time budget may be challenging.

Alternatively, perhaps adjusting the parameters of the existing optimization methods. For example, in the previous code, differential evolution uses 'popsize=80' and 'maxiter=50'. Reducing the population size but increasing the number of iterations might help, or vice versa. Also, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Wait, in the current code, the differential evolution uses mutation parameters (0.5, 1.0), which means the mutation is between 0.5 and 1.0. Maybe changing these values could lead to better exploration.

Another possibility: since the correlation function is computed for all k, but the maximum is taken, maybe the function is more sensitive to certain shifts. So, during the optimization, focusing on reducing the maximum values for those specific shifts could be more effective. However, determining which shifts are critical is non-trivial.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective optimization approach, where the objective is to minimize all the overlap integrals, but that's not straightforward.

Another angle: the problem resembles some kind of signal processing problem. The function h(x) can be thought of as a signal, and the overlaps with shifted versions are like cross-correlations. The goal is to design a signal (h) such that the maximum cross-correlation with (1 - h) shifted is minimized. This is similar to designing a sequence with low autocorrelation, but in this case, it's cross-correlation between h and (1-h).

In signal processing, sequences with low autocorrelation are used for things like radar and communication systems. However, this is a different problem, but maybe similar techniques can be applied. For example, using a sequence that is "balanced" in some way.

But how to design such a sequence. Perhaps a codebook of sequences with good properties, but that's vague.

Alternatively, the previous code's approach of generating various initial guess functions (pulses, sawtooth, etc.) is a good start. Maybe adding more diverse initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, trying different wave types or varying their parameters more.

Another thought: the code currently uses a fixed number of guesses (like pulses at different frequencies, etc.), but perhaps generating more guesses or using a different strategy for generating them could help. For example, varying the duty cycle and phase more systematically.

Additionally, after generating the initial guesses, the code applies SLSQP optimization. Maybe the number of SLSQP iterations is too low. Increasing the maxiter or adjusting the tolerance might help find better solutions.

Also, the refining step after differential evolution uses SLSQP with 200 iterations. Maybe increasing that, but this could be time-consuming.

Another idea: using a different method for the initial optimization. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method for the initial guesses, which might be faster for certain problems.

Alternatively, the code uses multiple refinements. Perhaps using more refinements or a different sequence of optimization steps.

In the previous code, the initial guess is initial_h_values, which is a specific function. Maybe trying different initial guesses based on known optimal properties. For example, starting with a function that's designed to have low overlap, such as a binary sequence with certain properties.

But without knowing the exact structure of the optimal function, this is hard.

Another approach: Given that the problem is about minimizing the maximum, perhaps we can use a penalty method. Convert the problem into a single objective function by adding a penalty for violating the constraints. However, since the objective is already the maximum of several terms, this might not directly help.

Alternatively, since the current code's main issue is potentially getting stuck in local optima, perhaps using a more robust optimization algorithm or combining multiple strategies.

In conclusion, possible improvements to the code could include:

1. Using a different optimization strategy, such as Bayesian optimization or basinhopping, for global search.
2. Generating more diverse initial guesses, especially varying parameters of different waveforms.
3. Adjusting the parameters of the existing optimization methods (like increasing iter limits or changing mutation rates).
4. Using a coarser grid (smaller n_points) to reduce computation time, allowing more iterations.
5. Exploring binary functions or other structured forms that might be optimal.

Given the time constraints and the previous code's structure, let's think of modifying the existing approach by increasing the diversity of initial guesses and optimizing parameters.

For example, in the previous code, the guesses include pulses, sawtooth, and triangle functions with varying frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe adding more such functions or varying parameters more systematically.

Also, adjusting the differential evolution parameters to have a higher mutation rate or larger population size could help explore more of the search space.

Another idea: Since the current code uses a fixed number of guesses, maybe adding some more guesses based on other waveforms or combining different frequencies.

Additionally, in the refinement phase, instead of applying SLSQP multiple times, maybe applying it once with higher settings could improve results.

Putting this all together, here's a plan for the new code:

- Start with initial_h_values as the base.
- Generate more diverse initial guesses by varying frequencies and parameters of different waveforms.
- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters to explore the space better.
- Use more refined optimization steps with SLSQP, possibly increasing the number of iterations.
- Potentially try smaller n_points to speed up the process.

But since the user wants a code block that fits within the constraints, I need to implement this in Python using the given tools.

Now, adapting this to code, the new approach would be to generate more initial guesses, adjust the DE parameters, and optimize more effectively.

For instance, in the code, increase the number of initial guesses by adding more functions with different parameters. Also, adjust the DE's maxiter and popsize.

Additionally, during the refinement phase, maybe reduce the number of SLSQP iterations to save time.

But with the previous code's structure, I'll have to modify the guess generation and DE parameters.

So, modifying the code:

1. Generate more guesses with varied parameters.
2. Increase the DE population size or mutation parameters.
3. Maybe use more SLSQP iterations during refinement.
4. Perhaps include other waveforms or random guesses.

Now, implementing this in the code.

Also, the problem says that the user is to return a code block. So, I'll write the code accordingly, taking into account these modifications.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty, phase):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip((np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x + phase) + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty, phase):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1 + phase) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty, phase):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1 + phase) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5, np.random.uniform()))
    for duty in [0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty, np.random.uniform()))
    for duty in [0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty, np.random.uniform()))
    guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))
    guesses.append(np.zeros(n_points) + 0.5)
    guesses.append(np.zeros(n_points) + 0.3)
    guesses.append(np.zeros(n_points) + 0.7)
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=80, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 1.0), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```