<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used a differential evolution and then some SLSQP refinement. The user wants me to create a new approach that might beat that. 

First, I should understand the problem better. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, for each shift k, we compute the integral of h multiplied by (1 - h shifted by k), and then take the maximum of those over k. Our aim is to minimize this maximum value. 

The previous code used a starting point from initial_h_values (with n=45 points) and then optimized using differential evolution followed by SLSQP refinement. But maybe that's not the most effective approach. The user is encouraging me to explore different algorithmic ideas, hyperparameters, etc.

Let me think about possible improvements. One idea is to use a better optimization strategy. Maybe instead of differential evolution, which can be slow and might get stuck, use a more tailored approach. For example, using a gradient-based method with constraints. However, the objective function is non-smooth because the maximum is taken over different k's. So, maybe using a surrogate function or some kind of smoothing could help.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm with a different mutation strategy. Or perhaps combining multiple optimization techniques. Also, considering that the problem has some structure, maybe exploiting symmetries or patterns in the optimal h function. For example, the optimal h might consist of a certain number of intervals where the function is 0 or 1. Since it's a step function, we can model it as a piecewise constant function.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points) which is 45. Maybe using a different number of points could lead to better results. For example, trying with fewer points (like 30) might be faster and allow more efficient exploration. But the user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred because they are faster to optimize. However, the initial construction has 45 points. The user's previous code used 45, but maybe experimenting with different numbers could be better.

Wait, the helper function 'initial_h_values' is provided, but I can't access it directly. The user says that if available, use it directly. So maybe the initial_h_values is a starting point, and I should try to improve on that.

Another idea: the previous approach used a differential evolution with some refinements. Maybe using a different optimization library, like using the SLSQP method with a more sophisticated setup. Also, maybe using parallel processing? But the user only has one CPU available. So that's not helpful.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is over shifted versions, maybe discretizing the integral and using some kind of convolution. Since the correlation is computed via np.correlate, maybe we can find a way to model this as an optimization problem with multiple constraints.

Alternatively, could we use a method like simulated annealing, which might escape local minima better? Or perhaps a Bayesian optimization approach, which is more efficient in high-dimensional spaces?

Another angle: the objective function is the maximum over k of the integral. So, to minimize this maximum, we need to make sure that for all k, the integral is as small as possible. So, perhaps the function h is designed to have minimal overlap with its shifted versions. 

But how to model that? Since the integral is over x and depends on the shift k. Maybe for certain k's, like k=0, the integral is zero. But for other shifts, it depends on how h overlaps with itself shifted by k. 

Wait, the integral for k=0 would be ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx = ∫ h(x) - h(x)^2 dx. Since ∫ h(x) dx = 1, this would be 1 - ∫ h(x)^2 dx. The minimum of this is achieved when h is as uniform as possible. But since the integral of h is fixed, the maximum of the integral would be when h is concentrated in some regions, leading to higher values for other k's.

But again, the problem is balancing all these overlaps. 

Maybe a better approach is to use a genetic algorithm with a different selection and mutation strategy. For example, using a tournament selection, or a crossover that preserves certain properties of the h function. Also, maybe using a representation where h is a list of intervals where the function is constant, and then optimizing over those intervals.

Alternatively, using a probabilistic approach, such as a reinforcement learning setup where we iteratively improve h by trying to reduce the maximum overlap. But this might be too complex.

Another idea: the current code uses differential evolution with a popsize of 20 and maxiter of 30. Maybe adjusting these parameters could help. For example, increasing the population size or the number of generations. But given the time budget, we need to be efficient.

Wait, the previous code used differential evolution for 3 iterations and then refinement. Maybe using a different method for the initial search. For example, starting with a better initial guess than the initial_h_values. 

But since the user says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So I can't change that. So the initial guess is fixed. Maybe using a different starting point could help. But the user allows us to start from the initial_h_values or create a different starting vector if there's no parent construction. But in this case, the user has provided the initial_h_values.

Alternatively, maybe using a random starting point with a different distribution. For example, generating a random h that satisfies the integral constraint. But the previous code uses the initial_h_values as the starting point, which could be a good baseline.

Hmm. Let's think about the structure of the problem. The overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum of this over k, perhaps the optimal h is piecewise constant with certain periodic structure. For example, if h is designed to have equal width intervals where it's 1 or 0, then shifting by certain amounts would lead to overlaps. 

For example, if h is a set of intervals where it's 1 for some periods and 0 otherwise, then for certain shifts, the overlap would be the product of the lengths of the overlapping regions. 

But how to model this? Maybe by dividing the interval [0, 2] into equal parts. Suppose we divide it into m segments, and set h to 1 in certain segments and 0 in others. The number of segments would affect the overlap. But since the integral of h must be 1, the total length of segments where h is 1 must be 1. So for example, if we divide into m equal segments of length 2/m, then we can select a subset of these segments whose total length is 1. 

But the choice of which segments to select would depend on how those segments overlap with their shifted versions. This seems complex, but perhaps for certain configurations, we can find a good h.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal h has a certain symmetry. For example, if h is symmetric around 1, then shifting by 1 would have some properties. 

But without knowing the exact structure, maybe it's better to think of using a more efficient optimization method. 

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, maybe using a constrained optimization approach where we directly model the maximum as part of the objective. However, the maximum of multiple integrals is non-convex, making it hard to optimize directly. 

Perhaps instead of using differential evolution, we can use a better local optimization method with a good initial guess. For example, using the SLSQP method with a more sophisticated setup. 

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of methods: first, use differential evolution for global search, then use local optimization for refinement. The previous code did that. So perhaps the problem is that the initial search is not thorough enough. 

Wait, in the previous code, they ran differential evolution three times and then some refinement steps. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution or changing the parameters could help. For example, using a larger population size or a longer maxiter. 

But given the time budget, I need to be careful. Let me think about the code structure. The user's code uses a differential evolution for 3 iterations with certain parameters. Then, it does a few refinement steps. Maybe the refinement steps are not sufficient. 

Alternatively, the problem with the previous code is that the differential evolution might not be able to find a good initial solution, and the refinement steps are too limited. 

Another possibility is that the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n=45), which might not be optimal. Maybe trying with a different number of points, like 60 or 90, could allow for a better solution. However, the user's previous code used n=45, and the current goal is to find a better solution. 

But the user's instruction says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, so perhaps using a smaller number of points (like 45) is better. But the initial code uses n=45, which is the initial_h_values. 

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values is not optimal and starting from a different structure could yield better results. For example, using a random initial guess with certain properties. 

Another approach could be to use a greedy algorithm. For example, iteratively adjust the h function to reduce the maximum overlap integral. But greedy methods can be tricky. 

Wait, considering that the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, which are all linear in h. So, perhaps the maximum is a convex function? If so, then we could use convex optimization techniques, but the maximum of linear functions is convex, so it's a convex problem. However, the constraint is that the integral of h is 1. So, the problem becomes a convex optimization problem if we can model the maximum of the integrals. But since the integrals involve shifts, it's not clear how to model this as a convex problem. 

Alternatively, since the integrals can be represented as the inner product between h and a shifted version of (1 - h), which is the same as the convolution. So, the maximum over k is the maximum of the convolution of h and (1 - h) evaluated at different positions. 

This seems complicated. 

Alternatively, maybe we can use some sort of Fourier analysis approach. Because convolution in the time domain is multiplication in the frequency domain. But the problem is to minimize the maximum of these convolutions. However, I'm not sure how to apply this to the problem. 

But let's think: the overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k )) dx. Which can be rewritten as the integral over x of h(x) [1 - h(x +k )] dx. 

This is similar to the cross-correlation between h and (1 - h). But for each shift k. So the maximum of the cross-correlation. 

The cross-correlation can be thought of as the inner product between h and (1 - h) shifted by k. 

But again, how to model this for optimization. 

Another idea: for a given h, the maximum overlap C5 is determined by the largest value of the cross-correlation. So, perhaps to minimize this maximum, we can try to make the cross-correlation as flat as possible. 

So, maybe the optimal h is such that its cross-correlation with (1 - h) is as uniform as possible. This might be similar to designing a function that is "spread out" in a way that its shifts do not overlap much. 

This is quite abstract. 

Going back to the code. Let's think about possible improvements. The user's previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but might not be the most efficient. Perhaps using a different global optimization method, like particle swarm optimization (PSO), which could be faster and more effective. 

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which could be more efficient in high-dimensional spaces. However, implementing Bayesian optimization with the current setup may be complex. 

But the user allows the use of scipy, numpy, and other libraries. Let me check if there's a way to use a more effective local optimization method. 

The previous code uses SLSQP for refinement, which is a local method. Maybe combining a more robust global search with better local refinement. 

Alternatively, using the genetic algorithm (GA) from scipy.optimize. But I'm not sure about the parameters. 

Wait, the code uses scipy.optimize.differential_evolution, which is a global optimization method. Maybe adjusting the parameters: increasing the population size, or the number of generations. But since the time budget is 100 seconds, I need to balance between the number of iterations and the computation time. 

Another idea: using a hybrid approach. For example, start with a global search, then perform local refinements. But how to structure that. 

Alternatively, using multiple starting points for the differential evolution. But that might be time-consuming. 

Another thought: the current code uses the same initial guess for all optimizations. Maybe varying the initial guess could help find a better solution. For example, using different initializations for the differential evolution. 

But given the initial_h_values is fixed, perhaps it's better to try to improve it. 

Another angle: the initial_h_values may be in some form that can be modified. For example, it could be a step function with certain properties. Suppose the initial_h_values is a list of 45 points. If I can modify it to have more balanced overlaps, that might improve the C5 value. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a different way to initialize the h_vals. For example, instead of starting with the initial_h_values, generate a random set of step function with the required integral. 

But the user says that if the initial_h_values is available, use it. So perhaps the initial_h_values is a good starting point, and modifying it in some way could lead to better results. 

Another idea: the problem is similar to designing a binary code with certain correlation properties. For example, in coding theory, designing sequences with low autocorrelation. Maybe the optimal h is designed to have minimal overlap with itself shifted by various k. 

So perhaps using a similar approach to low autocorrelation sequences. For example, using a spreading sequence with good properties. 

But how to translate that into the current problem. 

Alternatively, maybe using a randomized approach where the h function is constructed by placing intervals randomly, ensuring that the integral is 1, and then optimizing for the C5 value. 

But again, the code is supposed to be efficient. 

Let me think about the code structure again. The previous code uses a differential evolution for 3 iterations, then a few refinement steps with SLSQP. 

Maybe the problem is that the differential evolution isn't exploring the search space enough, or the refinement isn't sufficient. 

Another idea: using a different optimization method for refinement. For example, using a conjugate gradient method or another local optimizer. 

Alternatively, using more iterations of refinement. For example, increasing the number of refinement steps. 

But given the time budget, need to be careful. 

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, which are all linear in h, perhaps the optimal solution is to make all these integrals equal. So, if we can find a h such that all the integrals are equal, then that would be the minimal possible maximum, since any deviation would create a higher value. 

But how to achieve that. It's a system of equations, which could be difficult to solve. 

Alternatively, maybe the best we can do is to satisfy some of the constraints and then proceed. 

But in practice, solving such a system may be intractable. 

Another thought: the maximum overlap integral is sensitive to shifts that give large overlaps. So, perhaps focusing on the shifts that are most problematic and adjusting h to reduce their overlap. 

For example, for a given h, compute the C5 value, identify the k that contributes the most, and then adjust h to reduce that specific overlap. 

But this is a greedy approach and might not find the global optimum. 

Alternatively, using a gradient descent approach, where we adjust h in the direction that reduces the current maximum overlap. But the problem is that the objective is non-smooth, making gradient-based methods challenging. 

In summary, the previous code may not be effective enough due to the optimization method, parameters, or the number of iterations. To improve, perhaps using a different optimization method with better parameters, trying a different initial guess, or using a combination of global and local methods. 

Also, considering that the problem's current best is C5=0.38085, the user's previous code achieved a higher value of 0.381142. So the target is to improve this. 

To make it concrete, here's an idea for the code:

- Use a different starting point, such as generating a more random initial guess while satisfying the integral constraint.
- Use a different optimization algorithm, like the genetic algorithm (GA) from scipy.optimize.
- Use a combination of global and local optimization, such as differential evolution followed by multiple SLSQP refinements.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods for better performance.
- Use a larger population size in differential evolution to explore more of the search space.
- Increase the number of iterations in differential evolution to allow for more thorough exploration.
- Use more refinement steps to make sure the local minimum is as good as possible.
- Possibly try different numbers of points (n_points) to see which gives the best results.

But I need to fit this into the code within the 100-second time budget. 

Another possible approach: Instead of using the initial_h_values, generate a random initial guess. For example, divide the interval into m segments and assign a value to each segment such that the total integral is 1. Then optimize from there. 

But the user has provided initial_h_values, so I should use that unless I can find a better starting point. 

Alternatively, combining the initial_h_values with some random perturbations. 

Let me think about the code structure again. In the previous code, the optimize.differential_evolution is called with a population size of 20. Maybe increasing the population size to 30 would help. 

Also, the current code runs differential evolution three times. Maybe increasing that to 5 times. 

Also, the refinement steps are done with SLSQP, which might be more effective. 

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed dx (2/n_points). For the given n_points (45), dx is 2/45 ≈ 0.0444. Maybe trying with a larger n_points (like 60) could allow for finer adjustments. But the previous code used n=45. However, the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe keeping n=45 is better. 

But perhaps the initial_h_values is for n=45, and the code should stick to that. 

Another idea: the previous code computes the maximum correlation using the full mode of numpy.correlate. This could be inaccurate because it's a discrete approximation. Maybe using a more accurate method or adjusting the calculation. 

Alternatively, the code could be modified to compute the integral more accurately. 

But I think the main issue is the optimization method. 

So, to improve upon the previous code, perhaps:

- Use a different optimization algorithm for the initial search. For example, the genetic algorithm.
- Increase the parameters of differential evolution (number of iterations, population size).
- Use more refinement steps with SLSQP.
- Consider different starting points, such as a randomized initial guess or modifying the initial_h_values.

Now, let's think about implementing these ideas in code.

First, the code would use the initial_h_values as a starting point. Then, perform a differential evolution with adjusted parameters. 

But how to structure the code. Let me sketch the code steps:

1. Initialize h with initial_h_values.
2. Make sure the sum is correct (n_points / 2).
3. Define the objective function as the max of the cross-correlation (scaled by dx).
4. Use a different optimization strategy, perhaps with more parameters.

Alternatively, switch from differential evolution to another method. 

But scipy.optimize has several methods. Maybe using the 'SLSQP' method with constraints, but that's a local method. 

Alternatively, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method, but it may not be as effective as differential evolution for global optimization. 

Another idea: use a hybrid approach where we use differential evolution for global search, then use SLSQP for local refinement, and repeat multiple times. 

In the previous code, this approach was used, but perhaps the parameters could be adjusted. 

For example, increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution, and increasing the number of refinement steps. 

Also, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters in the differential evolution. 

But I need to fit this into the code. 

Another optimization could be to use a different initial guess. For example, generating a random h that satisfies the integral constraint and then optimizing from that. However, since the initial_h_values is provided, maybe using that is better. 

Another thing to consider: the current code uses the full mode for the correlation, which may not be the same as the integral over all shifts. Wait, the integral is over x in [0, 2], but the correlation as computed by np.correlate with mode 'full' gives the correlation for all possible shifts. However, the actual integral would be over x in [0, 2] for each shift k. So the correlation needs to be adjusted to capture that. 

Wait, in the previous code, the evaluate_erdos_solution uses np.correlate with mode 'full', and then multiplies by dx. But for the actual integral, when you shift by k, the x ranges are limited. For example, if k is larger than 2, then the overlap would be zero. So perhaps the code is correctly computing only the relevant shifts. 

But I'm not sure. Assuming that the code correctly computes the required integrals, then the rest is the optimization. 

So, to improve the code, I could try:

- Using a larger population size for differential evolution.
- Increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution.
- Enhancing the refinement steps with more SLSQP iterations.
- Trying different optimization strategies, like genetic algorithm.

But implementing all of this may be beyond the time budget. 

Another idea: the previous code uses 3 iterations of differential evolution and then 5 refinement steps. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution to 5, and keeping more refinement steps. 

Alternatively, run differential evolution multiple times with different parameters and choose the best result. 

In the code, the differential evolution is run with popsize=20 and maxiter=30. Maybe increasing maxiter to 50? But this would take more time. 

Given the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps the best way is to optimize the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP refinements. 

Another possible improvement: precompute the correlation for each shift and use it as a more accurate objective function. However, the current code already uses it. 

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method with the objective function as the maximum over the integral values. But this is what the code does. 

So, considering all that, perhaps the code can be improved by:

- Increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution.
- Increasing the population size.
- Using more refinement steps.
- Trying different optimization algorithms. 

But I need to code this. 

In the previous code, the differential evolution is called three times, each time with 30 iterations. Perhaps increasing that to 5 times and using a larger population. 

Also, increasing the number of refinement steps. 

Another possible change is to use a different initial guess. Like generating a random initial h that satisfies the integral constraint. 

But since the user says to use the initial_h_values if available, I should use that. 

In the code, the initial_h_values is used as the starting point. So the code proceeds from there. 

Another thing to check: the initial_h_values may have a certain structure that can be optimized. For example, if the initial_h_values is a piecewise constant function with certain intervals, perhaps adjusting the intervals can lead to better results. 

But without knowing the structure, it's hard to say. 

Another possible improvement: use a more efficient way to compute the maximum correlation. For example, precompute all possible shifts, but that's what the code does. 

Now, the code needs to be rewritten with these ideas in mind. 

In the previous code, the refinement steps after differential evolution are done with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps would help. 

For example, in the previous code, after the differential evolution steps, it runs refine 5 times. Maybe increasing this to 10 times? Or running more refinements with different parameters. 

Alternatively, using different optimization methods. 

Another idea: Instead of using scipy's differential evolution, use the covector algorithm or another global optimization method. However, scipy's implementation might be the best available. 

So, putting it all together, here's a possible plan for the new code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Use scipy's differential evolution with adjusted parameters (larger population size, more iterations).
- Perform multiple rounds of differential evolution and refinement.
- Use SLSQP refinement with more iterations.
- Track the best solution found throughout the process.

Now, how to implement this in code. Let's think about the previous code structure. 

The previous code uses:

- A differential_evolution with popsize=20 and maxiter=30, run three times.
- Then, a few refinement steps with SLSQP.

So, modifying this:

- Increase the maxiter in differential evolution.
- Increase the number of differential evolution runs.
- Increase the number of refinement iterations.

But time is limited. 

Another optimization: using the 'L-BFGS-B' method for refinement, but it requires bounds. 

Alternatively, use the 'SLSQP' method with more tolerance.

Another possible change: using the 'Nelder-Mead' method for refinement. But I'm not sure. 

In conclusion, the main changes to the previous code would be:

1. Increase the number of iterations in differential evolution to explore more.
2. Use a larger population size in differential evolution.
3. Increase the number of refinement steps.
4. Adjust other parameters for better performance.
5. Possibly use a different optimization method for refinement.

Now, considering the code's structure, here's how the improved code could look. 

The code will:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting guess.
- Run differential evolution with popsize=30 and maxiter=50 for more iterations.
- Perform 5 rounds of differential evolution.
- Refine each result with SLSQP for more steps.
- Track the best solution found.

Also, the code will use more refinement steps, and possibly adjust the optimization parameters.

Additionally, to ensure that the code finishes within the budget, the number of iterations is adjusted to fit within 100 seconds.

Finally, the code should return the best h_values, the computed C5, and the number of points.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=30, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = refine(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```