<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a genetic algorithm with some refinement steps, but it's not achieving the desired bound of 0.380876. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem is to find a step function h over [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The key constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1. The overlap is computed using the correlation of h and 1-h, and then multiplied by dx.

The previous approach used differential evolution followed by SLSQP refinement. Maybe that's getting stuck in local minima. Let me consider alternative methods.

I recall that for optimization problems with constraints, especially involving maxima, it's sometimes helpful to use convex optimization techniques. However, the problem here is non-convex because the max is over a set of linear functions (the correlation). Hmm.

Alternatively, perhaps I can model this as a bilevel optimization problem. But that might be too complex for the given time budget.

Another idea: since the correlation is max_k ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx, and the integral is over x from 0 to 2, maybe I can consider different shifts k. But how to choose which k's to focus on?

Wait, the original problem is to find h that minimizes the maximum value of these integrals. So maybe I can use a method that iteratively improves h by focusing on the largest current overlap. For example, in each iteration, find the k that gives the maximum overlap, then adjust h to reduce that overlap.

This sounds like a gradient descent approach. But how to compute the gradients?

Alternatively, think in terms of dual variables. Since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several expressions, maybe I can use a penalty method where the objective is the maximum of the overlaps, and then use some optimization algorithm to minimize that.

But how to handle the max function? Maybe use a convex relaxation? Not sure.

Another approach inspired by the previous code: use a different optimization method. The previous code used differential evolution, which is a global optimization method. However, differential evolution might not be efficient enough for the 100s time budget.

What if I use a more efficient local optimization method with a good initial guess? For example, starting from the initial_h_values, and then using a gradient-based method with constraints.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given. Maybe the previous approach is getting stuck because the initial guess is not good enough. Perhaps I should try different starting points. But the user says that initial_h_values is available, so I should use that.

Alternatively, maybe the problem is that the previous approach uses SLSQP with fixed maxiter. Maybe increasing the maxiter or adjusting the tolerance could help. Or using a different method like COBYLA, which handles bounds well.

Another thought: the correlation in the code uses the 'full' mode, which gives the convolution of h and 1-h. But for the integral over x, the shift k would correspond to different positions. However, the maximum over k would be over all possible shifts, which is equivalent to considering all possible overlaps.

But with the current code, the max is taken over all the correlation values. Maybe the maximum occurs at a specific range of shifts. For example, k between 0 and 2. But perhaps the maximum is achieved for small k, like k in [0, 1], since the function is periodic?

Wait, the integral is over x, and the expression is h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). The domain is [0,2], so when you shift by k, the integral is over x in [0,2 - k], and the other part is x + k in [k, 2]. So for k > 2, the overlap is zero. Hence, the maximum k should be up to 2. But when the code uses the full correlation, it includes all possible shifts.

But for the Erdős problem, the overlap is over all k such that the overlap is non-zero. However, the current code computes the max of all possible k. Therefore, maybe we can focus on specific ranges of k.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a semidefinite programming approach or some other convex relaxation. But I'm not familiar with how to model this exactly.

Another idea: since the integral is over x, and the function h is a step function, maybe we can model it with a finite number of parameters. For example, the step function can be defined by intervals where h is 0 or 1. But the optimization of these intervals might be complex.

Alternatively, perhaps the existing solution can be improved by using a different optimization algorithm. For instance, using the Simulated Annealing method which can escape local minima. However, Simulated Annealing might be too slow for the given time limit.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method. But with the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps it's possible to optimize the parameters of the differential evolution better.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with a better population size and mutation parameters. But again, time is a constraint.

Alternatively, I can use a combination of methods. For example, first perform a global search with differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then refine with a local optimizer like SLSQP.

But the existing code already does that. Let me check the parameters. The previous code uses differential evolution with popsize=20, maxiter=30, and then 3 refinement steps. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution or changing the mutation parameters could help.

Alternatively, use a different method like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm for the refinement steps, as it can handle constraints and bounds.

Wait, but the user's initial approach uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe switching to another method like COBYLA or SLSQP with better settings?

Another thought: the problem has a symmetry. Since the integral is over [0,2], perhaps the optimal h is symmetric in some way. For example, maybe h is symmetric around 1. If that's the case, then the initial_h_values might be symmetric. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal h has certain periodicity or other structure. But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to exploit that.

Another idea: the overlap integral for a given k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Let me think about the case where k is small. For example, when k is between 0 and 1.2, the overlap would be over different parts of the interval. The maximum overlap is likely to occur for some k where the regions where h is 1 and where 1 - h is 1 (i.e., where h is 0) overlap as much as possible.

So, the problem reduces to arranging the regions where h is 1 and 0 to minimize the maximum overlap. This is similar to a covering problem, where we want to arrange the 1s and 0s such that the overlap is minimized.

This seems like a combinatorial optimization problem. However, with the given constraints of a step function, perhaps we can model this with a discrete approach.

But again, with the time constraints, perhaps it's better to focus on the existing code and try to tweak it.

Looking back at the previous code:

- The initial guess is initial_h_values (n=45), which is from a previous solution.

- The code first performs differential evolution, then some refinement with SLSQP.

But maybe the differential evolution is taking too long. Let's see: the code does differential evolution for 3 iterations, each with maxiter=30. Then 5 refinement steps. Maybe the number of iterations can be increased, but within the time budget.

Alternatively, use a different method for the initial search. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a different crossover method.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model to guide the optimization, but that might be too complex.

Another idea: the constraint is that the integral of h is 1. So the sum of h's values multiplied by dx equals 1, which is equivalent to sum(h) = n_points / 2. Since the previous code uses sum(h) as a constraint, that's correct.

Another possible issue: the previous code uses the same bounds for all h[i], which is correct. But maybe the SLSQP optimization isn't converging to a good solution.

Alternatively, could the problem be that the initial guess is not sufficient, and we need to try multiple different starting points?

But the user says to start from the initial_h_values. So maybe that's the main starting point.

Alternatively, the code could try perturbing the initial h_values slightly and run the optimization from there to avoid local optima.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses a fixed list of optimization steps. Perhaps the refinement steps could be more aggressive, or using a different optimization method during refinement.

Wait, during refinement, the code uses SLSQP with a fixed maxiter of 200 and ftol of 1e-12. Maybe increasing the maxiter or adjusting the ftol can improve convergence. But ftol is for the function tolerance, which might not be necessary.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method for refinement. For example, the COBYLA method, which can handle bounds better.

Another angle: the evaluation of the objective function (the max of the correlation) is expensive. Maybe approximating it with some averaged value could help speed up the optimization. But that might lead to worse results.

Alternatively, precompute all the shifts and find the maximum, but that's what the current code does.

Another idea: consider that the correlation is a convolution. So the maximum overlap is the maximum of the convolution of h and 1-h. For a step function, this might have certain properties. For example, if h is a set of intervals where it is 1, then the overlap would be the integral of 1 - h over those intervals where the shift overlaps with the 1 regions.

But again, how to translate this into an optimization problem.

Alternatively, think in terms of the variables for the step function. For example, if h is a step function with m intervals where it is 1, then the problem becomes optimizing the positions and lengths of these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap. But with m being a variable, this could be complex.

But given the previous code uses a discrete approach with samples, perhaps sticking with that is better.

Let me think about possible improvements to the code:

1. Increase the number of iterations in differential evolution or refine steps.
2. Use a different optimization method for refinement (like COBYLA or SLSQP with different settings).
3. Try a different initial guess (but the user says to use initial_h_values if available).
4. Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution (popsize, mutation, recombination).
5. Combine differential evolution with other methods.

The current approach uses differential evolution with popsize 20, maxiter 30, which may not be sufficient. Maybe increasing maxiter to 50 would help, but I need to check time constraints.

Alternatively, using a smaller popsize to speed up the search.

Another thing: the 'full' mode of correlate gives the correlation for all possible shifts, but perhaps the overlap is dominated by certain shifts. For example, the maximum may occur for k around certain values. So instead of considering all possible k, maybe we can focus on a subset of k's. However, the code as written considers all k, which might be computationally more expensive.

But in the current code, the 'full' mode returns a longer array. For example, if h has n_points samples, then the correlation will have 2n_points - 1 elements. However, since the integral is over x, the maximum k is up to 2. So for a given dx=2/n_points, the maximum k is 2 - dx. Therefore, the maximum correlation value is for k in [0, 2].

But the number of possible shifts is O(n_points), so the correlation array has size O(n_points). Therefore, evaluating the objective function is O(n_points) time per evaluation.

This is probably the main computational cost. So any optimization that reduces the number of function evaluations would help.

Another idea: using a faster optimization method that can find good solutions with fewer iterations. For example, the L-BFGS-B method with bounds might converge faster than SLSQP.

But SLSQP is better for constrained problems. Since we have equality constraints (sum h = n_points/2), SLSQP is appropriate.

Alternatively, using a different method for the refinement steps, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm.

But the initial code already uses SLSQP with a fixed maxiter. Maybe increasing the maxiter or adjusting the tolerance would help.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first perform a global search with differential evolution, then apply a local optimization method with a higher tolerance.

Another possible issue: the initial_h_values might be a local minimum. So trying a few different perturbations of the initial guess might find a better solution.

But given the time constraints, it's better to focus on optimizing the existing code.

Let me think about the code's structure. The code runs differential evolution first, then some refinement steps. Perhaps the differential evolution is not converging sufficiently, and the refinement steps could be more effective.

Alternatively, use a different optimizer for the differential evolution step. For example, using a different mutation strategy or increasing the population size.

Another thing: in the previous code, the differential evolution is run for 3 iterations. Maybe increasing that number to 5 or 10, but within the time budget.

But given the 100 seconds time budget, I need to balance between the number of iterations and the time taken.

Alternatively, use the 'bounded' method for differential evolution to handle the constraints.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several overlapping integrals, maybe we can use a method that directly targets the largest overlap. For example, during each optimization step, compute the current maximum overlap, and adjust h to reduce that particular overlap. This would be a gradient-based approach, but it's unclear how to compute the gradient with respect to the overlaps.

Alternatively, using a proximal method where the objective is the maximum overlap, and the gradient is computed for that particular overlap value.

But this seems complicated.

Another angle: the current code's initial_h_values may not be optimal. What if we try a different initial guess? For example, a uniform distribution? But the initial_h_values is provided and should be used.

Hmm. Given that the user provides initial_h_values, it's probably a good starting point, but maybe we can perturb it slightly to avoid local minima.

Wait, the previous code uses the initial_h_values and then runs differential evolution. Perhaps trying a few different perturbations of the initial guess and selecting the best one.

But given the time, maybe that's not feasible.

Let me think of possible code adjustments:

- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution (popsize, maxiter) to run more iterations.

- Use a more aggressive refinement with SLSQP, possibly increasing the maxiter.

- Try a different optimization method during refinement, like COBYLA, which might handle constraints better.

Let me also recall that the current code uses the 'full' mode for the correlation, which might include some unnecessary shifts. However, the maximum is taken over all shifts, which is correct.

Now, thinking about how to modify the code:

First, in the differential evolution step, perhaps increasing the maxiter from 30 to 50 would allow for more thorough exploration. Similarly, increasing the number of iterations for refinement.

Alternatively, using a higher mutation rate or different recombination parameters.

Another idea: since the integral is over [0,2], and h is a step function, the optimal h may consist of intervals where it's 1 and 0. Maybe the problem can be modeled as selecting these intervals such that their sum is 1 (integral) and the maximum overlap is minimized.

But turning that into an optimization problem with a large number of variables is challenging.

Another possibility: using a gradient descent approach with backtracking line search, but how to compute the gradients?

The objective function is the max of several integrals. If we can track which integral is the maximum, then the gradient would be the gradient of that particular integral.

But how to compute the gradient of the integral with respect to h?

Let me think: the integral for a particular k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Let's denote this as I_k. Then, the gradient of I_k with respect to h at position i would be the derivative of I_k with respect to h[i].

Assuming that x is in a certain interval, and that the shift k causes overlaps with different x positions.

But this is getting complicated. Let me think in terms of discrete points. Suppose h is a step function with values at discrete points. For each i, the value h[i] affects the integral I_k for all k such that x + k falls within the domain.

This seems complex but perhaps manageable for small n_points.

However, given the time constraints, maybe relying on an existing optimization method is better.

So, back to the code. Perhaps the main issue is that the refinement steps after differential evolution are not sufficient. Perhaps combining the differential evolution steps with more aggressive SLSQP refinement.

Alternatively, using a different optimization library, like scipy.optimize's COBYLA or SLSQP with different parameters.

Let me think about the current code's refinement steps. After differential evolution, it does 5 refinement steps, each calling refine, which uses SLSQP with 200 iterations. Perhaps this is overkill and taking too much time.

Alternatively, reduce the number of refinement steps, but adjust the parameters for better convergence.

Another idea: the initial code uses the 'full' mode of the correlation, which includes all possible shifts. But when the n_points is 45, the full mode correlation will have 45*2 -1 = 89 elements. Taking the max of these is correct.

But maybe the maximum is always achieved for k between 0 and 1, and the code can focus on those k's, but that's speculative.

Given all these thoughts, here's a possible plan for improving the code:

- Keep the initial guess as initial_h_values.

- Use differential evolution with a larger population size and more iterations to find a better initial guess.

- Refine the solution using a more effective local optimizer, like SLSQP with adjusted parameters.

- Possibly use multiple refinement steps with different methods.

Additionally, to optimize the code for speed, perhaps reducing the number of function evaluations by caching or precomputing some values.

But for now, let me try modifying the code to use a different optimization method during refinement. For example, using COBYLA instead of SLSQP.

Alternatively, adjust the SLSQP parameters, such as increasing the maxiter or decreasing the tolerance.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of refinement steps. But perhaps running more refinement steps with a lower tolerance could lead to better results.

Let me also think about the parameters for the differential evolution. The current code uses mutation (0.7, 0.95), which might be too low. Maybe increasing the mutation bounds to encourage more exploration.

Another angle: the problem is highly constrained, with the sum of h being fixed. This might make the optimization landscape have many local optima, so the differential evolution needs to explore more.

Considering all these, here's how I can adjust the code:

- Increase the maxiter for differential evolution.

- Increase the number of iterations in refinement steps.

- Use a different optimization method for refinement, like COBYLA.

But I need to code these changes.

Also, to speed up, maybe reducing the number of points. However, the user says to prefer smaller sequences with less than 1k samples. The initial_h_values has 45 samples, which is acceptable.

Another idea: use a larger n_points? Wait, the initial_h_values is already 45, and the user prefers smaller sequences. So maybe use the same n_points.

So, modifying the code:

In the differential evolution step, increase maxiter from 30 to 50, and increase the number of iterations in the loop. Also, adjust the mutation parameters for more exploration.

For refinement steps, instead of refining with SLSQP, perhaps use a combination of methods.

Additionally, possibly using a more efficient optimization method for the refinement steps, like the L-BFGS-B method with bounds.

But I'm not sure. Another approach is to use the 'fmin' function with default settings.

But I think the main changes would be to optimize the parameters of the differential evolution and refinement steps.

Another thing: the current code uses a seed, but with the given seed, the initial guess is fixed. Perhaps trying different seeds could lead to better results, but the user's code uses seed=42. Maybe this is a problem, but the code uses the initial_h_values directly, so the seed might not have a significant impact.

In conclusion, the code needs to be adjusted to:

- Run differential evolution for more iterations.

- Use a better optimization method for refinement.

- Possibly adjust parameters like mutation rates and population sizes.

Based on these thoughts, here's the modified code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-6})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=30, maxiter=40,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 1.0), recombination=0.95, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = refine(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```