<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and I want to get even lower, like 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP optimization and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, let me think about the problem. The goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h(x) is between 0 and 1.

The previous code tried generating pulse and sawtooth functions as initial guesses, then used SLSQP and differential evolution. However, maybe I can explore different initializations or more efficient optimization strategies.

Let me think about the structure of the problem. Since the integral is over [0,2], and the function is periodic in some way, perhaps a better approach is to model h as a combination of periodic functions. Alternatively, using a more structured approach than random guesses.

The initial construction is given as initial_h_values with n=45 samples. Maybe instead of generating more random guesses, I can start by modifying that initial construction in a more systematic way.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a covering problem, where we want to minimize the maximum overlap. Maybe using a greedy algorithm where we adjust the function to reduce overlaps. However, greedy methods can get stuck in local minima.

Alternatively, maybe I can use a different optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe a Bayesian optimization approach could be better, but that's more complex. Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm might be more efficient for this problem.

Wait, the constraints require that the integral is exactly 1, which is a hard constraint. So the optimization problem is constrained. The previous code used SLSQP with equality constraints. Maybe using a more efficient solver or adjusting the parameters could help.

Another thought: the integrals are over shifted versions of h, so the overlap is related to cross-correlation. The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the full cross-correlation. The maximum of this cross-correlation multiplied by dx is the C₅ value.

To minimize this maximum, perhaps the optimal h is a periodic function that evenly distributes the density to avoid overlaps. For example, a function that is high in some regions and low in others, such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Let me consider symmetry. The interval [0,2] is twice the length of the unit interval. Maybe splitting the interval into regions where h is high and low. For example, a function that is high on intervals of length 1/3 and low otherwise. But the exact structure isn't obvious.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps it's useful to use a function that has multiple pulses, spaced apart such that their shifts don't cause high overlaps. For example, a periodic function with multiple peaks, each separated by a certain distance.

Alternatively, maybe using a function that is a combination of sine waves or other periodic functions. The previous code tried some generated pulses and sawtooths, but perhaps more sophisticated ones could help.

Wait, the code uses different frequencies for generating pulses. Maybe varying the duty cycle and frequencies more systematically could lead to better solutions. Also, the current code includes some random guesses. Maybe generating more structured guesses would be better.

Another idea: the problem can be transformed into a minimax optimization problem. The goal is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation values. So, perhaps using a multi-objective optimization approach where we try to reduce the maximum values across all shifts.

But how to implement that? Maybe using a surrogate model, like a neural network, to approximate the objective and guide the search. However, that might be too complex for the given time constraints.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. For example, the previous code used differential evolution with a population size of 100. Maybe increasing the population size would improve the exploration, but that might take more time. However, the budget is tight, so maybe using a better initial population could save time.

Alternatively, use a hybrid approach: start with a good initial guess and then refine it with local optimization. The previous code used SLSQP after generating different initial guesses. Maybe trying different initial guesses based on existing structures, like the initial H values.

Another thought: the initial H values are given as a starting point. Maybe we can perturb that initial H values and optimize it further. The previous code tried several guesses, but maybe focusing on the initial H could lead to better results.

What if I use an initial guess based on the existing initial_h_values but with some modifications? For example, adjusting the positions or amplitudes of the pulses to better distribute the density.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method that can handle the constraints better. For example, using a penalty method with different penalty coefficients.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP, maybe use a stochastic optimization method like simulated annealing. However, simulated annealing can be slower and might not converge quickly within the time budget.

Wait, the code already uses differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe the issue is that the code is not exploring enough different structures. For example, maybe the current set of initial guesses is not sufficient. Perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses based on different patterns could help.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a grid search over certain parameters, or generating functions with different waveforms (like triangular, square, etc.) with varying parameters.

Another approach: since the problem involves integrating over shifts, perhaps the optimal h has a certain symmetry. For example, h(x) could be a function that is symmetric around 1.0, or has some periodicity that makes the overlaps more uniform.

But how to model that? Maybe looking for functions that are constant in certain intervals, like a piecewise constant function. For instance, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments where h is either 0 or 1, adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

But the problem allows h to be any step function, not necessarily only 0 and 1. So, maybe using a combination of different levels.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is 1, the average value of h over [0,2] is 0.5. So, the function is somewhat balanced between 0 and 1.

Hmm. Maybe the optimal function has several pulses of varying amplitudes and widths. For example, multiple clusters of high values spaced apart so that when shifted, they don't overlap much.

The previous code tried generating pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Perhaps trying more complex waveforms or combinations could help. For example, a function that is high in some areas, low in others, and has a specific pattern that minimizes overlap.

Alternatively, using Fourier series. Since the problem involves cross-correlation, which is related to convolution, maybe a function with low frequency components would be better. However, I'm not sure how to translate that into a step function.

Another idea: the maximum overlap occurs when the shift k aligns two regions of high density in h. Therefore, the optimal h should be designed such that no two regions of high density are aligned when shifted. This suggests that h should have regions of high density that are spaced apart by certain distances, preventing overlaps when shifted.

For example, if the function has a high density region of length L, then the spacing between these regions should be such that when shifted by k, they don't overlap. But the exact spacing would depend on the frequency of these regions.

But how to model that? Maybe using a periodic function with period T, where the density is high for a fraction of the period. However, the exact structure would need to satisfy the integral constraint.

Alternatively, considering that the interval is [0,2], perhaps dividing it into three equal parts. For example, h is high in two of the three parts, and low in the third. But the integral constraint would require the sum to be 1, which would be achieved by certain proportions.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to model. Maybe trying different patterns and adjusting them.

The previous code tried generating pulses, sawtooth, and triangle functions. Maybe generating more structured initial guesses, such as a combination of these.

Another approach: instead of using a single initial guess, generate multiple initial guesses with different patterns, such as different pulse counts, duty cycles, etc. Then optimize each one and pick the best.

But how to generate these guesses efficiently. For example, varying the frequency and duty cycle for pulses, and so on.

Wait, in the previous code, the guesses are generated by varying frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe expanding that to include more parameters. For example, using more frequencies, or different waveform combinations.

Alternatively, maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach where the parameters of the initial guesses are tuned. However, Bayesian optimization could be complex to implement quickly.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to explore the parameter space. For instance, using a grid search over possible parameters for generating initial guesses.

But perhaps the previous code's approach is already sufficient, and the issue is that the initial guess is not optimal. Maybe trying to generate more structured initial guesses based on the initial_h_values.

Wait, the previous code starts with the initial_h_values, which may already be a good solution, but there's potential to improve it. So perhaps trying to refine that initial guess with local optimization.

The previous code uses SLSQP after generating various guesses. Maybe instead of generating a lot of guesses, focusing on optimizing the initial_h_values and then refining it further.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization algorithm, like a genetic algorithm, which is better at exploring the search space. However, genetic algorithms can be slower, but with proper parameters, they might find better solutions.

Another idea: considering that the problem is convex in some aspects. The integral is a linear function in h, but the maximum over k makes it non-convex. So the problem is non-convex, which complicates optimization. Therefore, local minima are possible, and the algorithm's ability to escape from them is critical.

So, perhaps mixing different optimization methods, like using a genetic algorithm for global search and then local optimization for refining the solution.

But how to implement that within the time budget. Maybe using differential evolution as the global search and then SLSQP for local refinement.

The previous code already used differential evolution. Maybe adjusting its parameters could help. For example, increasing the population size or the number of iterations.

Another thought: the code uses the full cross-correlation. For each shift k, the integral is computed. But for the interval [0,2], the shifts can range from -2 to 2, but the code's implementation might only be considering certain shifts. However, the max over all k is required.

Alternatively, the code might not be considering all possible shifts. But according to the problem description, the cross-correlation is computed for all possible shifts, which is what the full mode of np.correlate does.

Another possible optimization: since the overlap integral is symmetric, perhaps focusing on shifts that are most likely to cause maximum overlap. For example, shifts that align the regions of high density in h.

But without knowing the structure of h, this is harder to implement.

So, putting it all together, the approach could be:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as a base.
2. Generate several structured initial guesses based on different waveforms (pulses, sawtooth, etc.).
3. Perform a global optimization using differential evolution on these guesses to explore the search space.
4. Refine the best solution found with local optimization (SLSQP) to improve the C₅ value.
5. Use various parameters for the optimization methods to balance exploration and exploitation.

Additionally, consider using more sophisticated initial guesses, such as combining multiple waveforms or varying the parameters more broadly.

Another idea: instead of using np.correlate, which might have some numerical issues, compute the overlap integrals more accurately. However, the previous code already uses this method.

Another possible improvement is to use more efficient numerical methods. For example, using vectorized operations or precomputing certain values to speed up the evaluation of the objective function.

In the previous code, the obj function is defined as computing the cross-correlation and taking the maximum. This could be optimized further. For example, using FFT-based convolution for faster computation, but with the constraints of the problem, it might not be necessary.

Another idea: the current code allows the use of scipy.optimize, including methods like COBYLA, which might handle bounds better. Maybe switching the optimization method.

But the main challenge is to find a better initial guess and optimize it effectively.

Perhaps the previous code's initial guesses are not sufficient. For example, generating more initial guesses that are more structured, like a combination of multiple pulses at different positions.

Alternatively, using a grid search over certain parameters for generating initial guesses, such as varying the number of pulses, their positions, and amplitudes.

In summary, the plan is to:

- Start with the initial_h_values and refine it.
- Generate more diverse initial guesses, possibly based on different patterns.
- Use a combination of global and local optimization methods.
- Adjust parameters of the optimization algorithms to find better solutions within the time budget.

Now, implementing this in code. The previous code already has some initial guesses, but I can try to expand them or change the approach.

For example, consider using a different waveform generation function, such as using a combination of pulses with varying spacing. Or using a more systematic way to generate initial guesses based on parameters.

Let me think about how to generate more initial guesses. Maybe using a base function with certain parameters, varying them, and creating different guesses.

Alternatively, using a parametrized function where the parameters can be adjusted. For instance, a function that is a sum of multiple pulses with different widths and positions.

But how to generate these efficiently? For example, generating a function with multiple pulses by varying the positions and widths.

Another approach: for the initial H values, perhaps trying to adjust the peaks to make them more evenly spaced. For example, if there are multiple peaks, ensure that they are spaced such that their shifts do not overlap too much.

Alternatively, trying to reduce the maximum value of the cross-correlation by adjusting the positions of the peaks in the initial H values.

However, without knowing the exact structure of the initial H values, it's hard to adjust them directly. So the previous code's approach of generating guesses with different waveforms might be the way to go.

Perhaps the previous code's main issue is not enough initial guesses. For example, generating more guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles.

In the previous code, for frequencies from 2 to 11, and duty cycles from 0.2 to 0.8. Maybe expanding this range or adding more types of waveforms.

Another idea: using a more efficient way to generate guesses. For example, using the initial H values as a base and then modifying them by adding noise or perturbing certain parts.

Alternatively, using a more systematic approach to generate guesses based on the frequency domain. For example, generating functions that have certain Fourier coefficients.

But this is getting complex. Maybe the key is to increase the number of initial guesses and use different waveforms, then optimize them with differential evolution and SLSQP.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of guesses, but perhaps generating more guesses could help explore the search space more thoroughly. However, this would take more time, which might not fit within the budget.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, the previous code uses differential evolution with popsize=100 and maxiter=50. Maybe reducing the popsize and increasing the maxiter?

Or using a different algorithm, like the Nelder-Mead simplex method. However, that might not be as effective for this problem.

Another possible improvement: the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap, so maybe the objective function could be approximated with a surrogate model, and then the model is optimized. But again, this might be complex.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code by adjusting the initial guesses and parameters. For example, using more initial guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles, or using a different waveform generation method.

Additionally, exploring the use of different optimization methods. For instance, instead of SLSQP, using COBYLA for bound constraints.

Another idea: the initial_h_values might already be a good starting point, so focusing on optimizing that with more detailed local optimization steps could help.

Let me think about how to implement this. The previous code generates several guesses, then optimizes them with SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe trying to focus more on the initial_h_values and its variations.

For example, perturbing the initial_h_values slightly and optimizing those.

Alternatively, trying to find a better way to generate initial guesses that are more varied. For example, using different pulse patterns.

Let me try to code this. The main changes would be:

1. Generate more initial guesses with different parameters.
2. Use a different optimization method for the initial guesses.
3. Adjust the parameters of the existing optimization methods.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include various pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe expanding this to include more types of waveforms, like square waves, or other patterns.

Additionally, using the initial_h_values as one of the guesses, then refining it.

Another possible improvement is to use a time-based approach, where the code first runs for a certain time with different methods and then switches to another method.

But within the code, the main changes would involve generating more initial guesses and optimizing them with different strategies.

Eventually, the code would need to return the best h_values, c5_bound, and n_points.

Considering all this, I'll modify the previous code to include more varied initial guesses, use different optimization parameters, and possibly adjust the number of iterations or other factors to better explore the search space and find a lower C₅ value.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    def gen_square(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 12):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_square(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in np.linspace(0.2, 0.8, 4):
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    random_guess = np.random.rand(n_points)
    random_guess = (target_sum / np.sum(random_guess)) * random_guess
    guesses.append(random_guess)
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-11, 'eps': 1e-7})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(1):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.85), recombination=0.6, tol=1e-10)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```