<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution with some initial guesses. The user wants a better approach, maybe different from the previous algorithm.

First, the problem is to find a step function h(x) on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. And the goal is to find a lower C₅ value than the current record of 0.38085.

The previous approach tried several initial guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random guesses. Then it used SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better way. Let me think.

One idea is to use a more structured approach. Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model it as an optimization problem with constraints. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe using different optimization methods or better initial guesses can lead to better results.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed n_points of 45. Maybe using a different number of points (like 60 or 100) could help. But the user said smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe using a higher n_points increases computation time, but the budget is 100 seconds. However, the previous code's n_points was 45, which is manageable.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided. The previous code starts from there. Maybe I can improve on that initial guess by using local optimization techniques more effectively. Or maybe try different initial guesses that are not just pulses or random.

Another approach: perhaps using a more intelligent initialization. For example, creating a function that alternates between high and low values in a way that spreads out the 1s and 0s to reduce overlaps. Alternatively, using a more sophisticated heuristic for generating initial guesses.

Wait, the previous code tried several generated functions. Maybe I can generate more varied initial guesses. For example, using different frequencies and duty cycles, or combining different waveforms. Also, maybe using a more diversified set of initial guesses to avoid getting stuck in local minima.

Another thing: the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but it might be too slow. Maybe using a combination of methods, like starting with differential evolution to find a good initial guess and then refining with SLSQP. But the previous code already does that.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. For example, genetic algorithms could be another approach, but they might be too slow. Or maybe using a gradient-based method with a better objective function.

Wait, the objective function here is non-convex and non-smooth, so gradient-based methods might have issues. However, the previous code used SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, and differential evolution as a global one. But perhaps using a more efficient way to handle the constraints.

Another thing: the constraints. The integral of h(x) over [0,2] must be 1. The previous code enforces this by using a constraint in the SLSQP and differential evolution steps. That's correct.

Let me think about the current code. It starts from initial_h_values, then generates some guesses based on sine waves, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Then, for each guess, it runs SLSQP to refine it. Then does some differential evolution steps, and then some more SLSQP iterations.

What could be improved here? Maybe the number of initial guesses. The previous code generates a few guesses. But perhaps generating more and better initial guesses would help.

Alternatively, using a different approach for generating initial guesses. For example, instead of using sinusoidal functions, use functions that have sharp transitions, like square waves with varying duty cycles. Or maybe using binary patterns that are periodic or have certain properties.

Another thought: maybe the problem can be transformed into a different space. Since h is a step function, maybe modeling it as a set of intervals where h is 0 or 1. But since the code uses a discretized version, maybe using a more sophisticated way to model the intervals.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. This is equivalent to finding k such that the overlap between h and the shifted (1 - h) is maximized. So, the C₅ is the maximum overlap between h and its shift. So, minimizing this maximum overlap is the goal.

In some sense, this resembles a problem where we want to avoid putting too much mass in regions that shift into other regions. So, the idea is to arrange h(x) such that when you shift it by any k, the overlap (area where h and 1 - h overlap) is minimized.

This is similar to a covering problem. Perhaps the optimal solution is a set of intervals that are spaced in a way that their shifts don't overlap too much. For example, if we arrange h to be 1 on intervals that are spaced with a certain gap, then shifting by k would not cause too much overlap.

But how to translate that into a discretized step function?

Maybe the previous initial guess is a good starting point. Let's see: the initial_h_values is given as n=45 points. The user's previous code achieved C₅ of 0.381142, which is slightly worse than the target of 0.380876. So the goal is to get lower than that.

Another approach is to use a more aggressive optimization. For example, using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, which might be computationally expensive. Maybe using a different method, like a metaheuristic or a Bayesian optimization, but within the 100-second budget.

Alternatively, using a different way to generate the initial guesses. Maybe combining different patterns. For example, trying to generate functions that have alternating high and low regions, but with varying lengths.

Another idea: using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach. But implementing that might be complex. Alternatively, maybe using a hybrid approach, like first doing a global search with differential evolution, then using local optimization.

Wait, the previous code already does differential evolution. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or trying different parameters could help. For example, using a larger population size or different mutation rates.

Another possibility is to use a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate, which is vectorized and efficient. But maybe there's a way to optimize the calculation of the correlation.

Alternatively, considering that the integral over [0,2] for a shift k is equivalent to a convolution. But since the function is on a finite interval, the correlation is computed over the full mode.

Another point: the problem is to minimize the maximum over k of the integral. The previous code uses the maximum of the correlation. But perhaps, during the optimization, the maximum over the correlation values is the key, and some transitions in the function could be adjusted to reduce that maximum.

Another thought: using symmetry. The interval is [0, 2], and the function is periodic? Or maybe not. But if we can create a function that is symmetric in some way, that could help in balancing the overlaps. For example, a function that is symmetric around x=1.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap for k=0 is zero, but for other k's, the overlap depends on how much h(x) and 1 - h(x +k) overlap. So, the maximum is over all shifts. To minimize that maximum, the function h should be designed such that no shift causes a large overlap.

This seems like a problem where the optimal solution is a set of non-overlapping regions when shifted, but given the integral constraint, there's a trade-off.

Perhaps the previous code's initial guess is a good starting point, but the optimization could be improved. Maybe using a different method for the local optimization steps, like using more advanced solvers.

Wait, the previous code uses scipy.optimize's SLSQP method. The constraints and objective are handled correctly. But maybe using a different solver, like IPOPT, if available? But the user's constraints say that scipy's optimization can use various solvers like CVXOPT, GLOP, etc. However, in the previous code, the method is set to SLSQP.

Alternatively, the code uses the same bounds and constraints, but maybe using a different approach for the initial guesses. For example, instead of generating pulses and sawtooth, create functions that are more optimized for the problem. Like, using a binary pattern that has certain spacing.

Alternatively, generating a function that is a combination of several overlapping intervals. For example, if h is 1 for intervals that are spaced in such a way that their shifts don't overlap too much. For example, placing the 1s in positions that are spaced more than a certain distance apart.

But how to model that into the optimization problem.

Another idea: using a regular pattern. For example, if h(x) is 1 on intervals of length L, spaced periodically. For instance, placing each 1 interval at positions that are spaced more than L apart. But since the total integral is 1, the sum of the lengths of intervals where h=1 must be 1. Given the interval [0,2], if the length is L, then the number of intervals would be 2/(L + gap) * L. But this is a rough idea.

But how to translate this into a discrete function. For example, for n_points = 45, the length of the interval would be 2/n_points. If we spread the 1s in a regular pattern, perhaps that would help.

But the previous code starts with a certain initial guess. Maybe that initial guess is close to the optimal, and the problem is to fine-tune it. However, the previous result was 0.381142, which is slightly higher than the target. So, maybe there's a way to improve it by adjusting the initial guess.

Another approach: the problem is similar to the problem of minimizing the maximum overlap, which is known in some contexts. For example, in signal processing, this is like minimizing the maximum cross-correlation between a signal and its shifted version. Maybe existing literature or methods can be adapted here.

But since the user wants a code that can run within 100 seconds, and using the given setup, I need to think of a way to make the optimization more effective.

Maybe the key is to use more sophisticated initial guesses. For example, generating a set of guesses that have different structures, not just pulses and sawtooth. For example, using a combination of square waves with different frequencies, or functions that have multiple peaks.

Alternatively, trying to use a more optimized way to generate initial guesses. For example, for each k, ensuring that the function h is spread out enough to avoid overlaps. But how?

Alternatively, generating a function that is a binary sequence with certain properties. For example, a binary vector with 1s and 0s arranged to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted. This is similar to a binary code with certain properties, but I'm not sure.

Another idea: using a more effective optimization. For example, using a covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy (CMA-ES) for the differential evolution steps, as it might be more efficient in higher dimensions.

But I'm not sure how to implement that in the given code. Alternatively, using more iterations in the differential evolution, but giving up on some steps to save time.

Alternatively, considering that the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 45). Maybe a different number of points would allow for a better solution. For example, using 60 points might allow more flexibility. However, increasing n_points increases the computation time. Let's think: with 45 points, each optimization step is O(n_points^2), which is manageable. If we increase to 60, it's still acceptable. But the user's previous code used 45 points, so perhaps that's a good balance between resolution and speed.

Another point: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe the number is too small. Increasing the number of initial guesses could help in finding better solutions. For example, generating more guesses based on different waveforms.

Wait, in the previous code, the guesses are generated by varying frequency and duty cycle for pulses, saw, and triangles. Maybe adding more such variations would help. For example, generating more different frequencies or duty cycles.

Alternatively, using functions that are more tailored to the problem. For example, creating a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged to minimize overlap when shifted.

Another thought: the problem resembles a TSP (Traveling Salesman Problem) in a way where we have to balance different shifts. But I'm not sure how to model that.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is over all k. So, maybe the optimal solution is to have the integral for each k bounded by a certain value. But how to ensure that.

Alternatively, using a greedy approach: start with the initial guess, and iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, identify the k that currently has the highest overlap, and adjust the function to reduce it. But how to do this in practice.

But implementing such a greedy approach would require a way to compute the gradient or some direction to adjust the function. However, with the constraints, this might not be straightforward.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the existing code by enhancing the initial guess generation and perhaps using more iterations in the optimization steps, but within the budget.

So, modifying the previous code to generate more initial guesses, use different waveforms, and adjust the parameters of the optimization methods.

Another idea: using fractional frequencies. For example, instead of integer frequencies, using fractions to generate more varied waveforms. For example, varying the frequency to create different patterns.

Alternatively, using a random pattern generator that ensures the integral is 1. For example, generating a random binary vector with the correct sum, and then smoothing it.

But how to do that in code.

Alternatively, using a more advanced initial guess that is a binary function with optimal spacing. For example, a binary vector where the 1s are spaced out as much as possible. This is similar to the problem of placing points on a line to maximize minimal distance, but here we need to balance between the number of points and their spacing.

But how to create such a function. Perhaps generating a binary vector where non-overlapping windows are placed to spread the 1s.

Alternatively, for the initial guess, use a set of intervals that are as non-overlapping as possible when shifted. For example, placing intervals such that their distance apart is more than a certain threshold.

However, without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to generate such a function. But given the time constraints, perhaps using a more varied set of initial guesses would help.

So, to modify the code, I can:

1. Generate more initial guesses with different waveforms and parameters.

2. Use more iterations of differential evolution with different settings.

3. Perhaps use a different optimization method, like a genetic algorithm.

But the code is to be written concisely, so maybe the best way is to generate more initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters.

For example, in the previous code, the guesses are generated with frequencies up to 10 and certain duty cycles. Maybe increasing the number of frequencies or using more varied duty cycles.

Alternatively, generating initial guesses based on sine waves with different frequencies and phases, or using a combination of functions.

Another idea: using a Fourier series approach. Represent the function h as a sum of sine waves and optimize the coefficients. But this might be complex and not necessarily helpful.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess based on the initial_h_values. For example, modifying the initial guess by adding some random noise and then smoothing it to ensure the integral constraint.

But again, the code must be written in a compact way.

Considering all these thoughts, the plan is to generate a more diverse set of initial guesses, use more advanced optimization steps, and perhaps adjust the parameters of the optimization to get better results.

So, modifying the code as follows:

- Increase the number of initial guesses by generating more functions with different parameters.
- Use a different mutation rate in differential evolution.
- Increase the number of iterations in differential evolution.
- Use a better initial guess based on the initial_h_values, perhaps by applying a smoothing or adjustment.

But how to implement this concisely.

Another thing to note: the current code's initial_h_values is given, but perhaps using that as a starting point and then applying some optimization steps.

Another possible improvement: instead of using purely Sinusoidal or piecewise functions, try to generate functions that are more spread out. For example, using a random binary vector with the correct sum and then smoothing it.

But in the code, the initial_h_values is given, perhaps already optimized. So the previous code's approach is to try to refine it with many guesses.

Alternatively, using a more effective local optimization. For example, using a more precise method like BFGS with constraints.

But the code currently uses SLSQP, which is suitable for constrained optimization.

So, to improve, perhaps modifying the code to generate more initial guesses and use more diverse waveforms, and also increase the number of iterations.

So, modifying the code's guesses section to generate more functions. For example, adding more frequencies, different waveforms, and varying duty cycles.

Moreover, adjusting the differential evolution parameters, like increasing the population size, using different mutation and recombination rates.

Another possible change is to use a different way to generate initial guesses. For example, instead of generating fixed waveforms, create a random guess that is a binary vector with the correct sum and then smooth it.

Alternatively, using a ternary search or other methods.

But given the time, I'll proceed to code modify the previous code by generating more initial guesses and adjusting the optimization parameters.

Let me think about the code structure.

The code starts with the initial_h_values. Then generates several guesses: pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and a random guess.

To generate more guesses, I can add more variations, like different frequencies, or more waveform types. For example, adding more pulses with different frequencies, more duty cycles, etc.

Alternatively, create a function that generates a binary pattern with certain spacing.

But how to code that concisely.

Another idea: use a different initial guess that is a more evenly spaced binary vector. For example, placing 1s at regular intervals. However, with the integral constraint, the number of 1s would depend on the length.

But for the discretized case, this would involve selecting positions where h is 1, and others 0. However, since the function is a step function, but the code represents it as a discretized array.

But the code allows h to have values between 0 and 1, not just 0 and 1. So maybe, for the initial guess, create a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, but with some transitions to smooth out the edges.

Alternatively, using a more optimal initial guess, like the previous code's initial_h_values, and then applying a local optimization.

Alternatively, the code can use more iterations of differential evolution with different parameters.

So, the modified code would:

- Generate more initial guesses by varying frequency and duty cycles for different waveforms.
- Use different parameters in the differential evolution step (like increasing population size or changing mutation rates).
- Perform more iterations of the optimization.

But how to code this in a concise manner.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with frequencies 2-11, duty cycles 0.2-0.8 for saw and triangle waves. Maybe adding more frequencies, say up to 20, or different waveforms.

Another thing: the previous code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess, but maybe adding a guess that is a smoothed version of the initial_h_values.

But the code already has that.

So, in code, modifying the guesses section to generate more functions.

Also, in the differential evolution, perhaps adjusting the parameters. For example, increasing the population size to 150, or reducing the mutation rate.

Moreover, after the initial guesses, the code runs differential evolution for 3 iterations, then some SLSQP steps. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution.

But the time budget is tight, so the code must be efficient.

Another idea: precompute the objective function in a way that's faster, but given that numpy's correlate is already efficient, perhaps not.

Alternatively, using the fact that the maximum over k is determined by certain values of k, and focusing the optimization on those values.

But this might be too abstract.

In conclusion, the plan is to generate more diverse initial guesses, use more iterations of differential evolution with different parameters, and refine using SLSQP.

So, modifying the code's guesses to include more functions. For example:

Adding more frequencies for pulses, and more duty cycles for saw and triangle waves.

Also, adding a guess based on a binary pattern that's spread out.

Alternatively, generating a guess with a different waveform, like a square wave with a higher frequency.

Also, in the SLSQP steps, adding more iterations.

But without knowing the exact code, I need to write it in Python.

So, the modified code would have more guesses, and adjust the parameters of the differential evolution.

Let me now try to write the code based on these ideas.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 16):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for freq in range(3, 16):
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.7))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.7))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.3))
    random_guess = np.random.rand(n_points)
    random_guess = (target_sum / np.sum(random_guess)) * random_guess
    guesses.append(random_guess)
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```