<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and my goal is to get lower than that. The previous code used differential evolution and SLSQP refinement, but maybe I can do better.

First, let me understand the problem again. The task is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The integral is calculated by taking the convolution of h and 1-h, then multiplying by dx. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1.

The previous approach starts with an initial_h_values and uses a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP for optimization. But maybe I can use a different strategy. Since the previous code didn't reach the target, I need to think of better optimization techniques or different initial configurations.

Hmm, maybe using a gradient-based method with a better initial guess could help. Or perhaps using a more efficient algorithm like genetic algorithms with better parameters. Alternatively, maybe using a different starting point, like a more evenly spaced or structured initial h.

Wait, the user mentioned that the initial_h_values are available. So using that as a starting point might be good, but maybe there's a way to generate other initial configurations. For example, alternating blocks or something else that could distribute the mass more optimally.

Another idea: perhaps the optimal h is a piecewise constant function with certain intervals. If I can model h as having certain segments with high and low values, maybe I can find a configuration that balances the overlaps. For example, if h has several blocks where it's 1, then 0, etc., but arranged to minimize the overlap.

But how to translate that into code? Maybe instead of using a general optimization, I can parameterize h in terms of intervals. However, that might complicate things. Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization method, like a Bayesian optimization approach with a surrogate model, but that might be too slow within the time budget.

Wait, the previous code used differential evolution with a popsize of 20 and maxiter=30. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but with the time limit, it's not clear. Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm, like basin-hopping, which can escape local minima.

Another thought: the previous code used the 'full' mode in numpy.correlate. Let me check what that does. The 'full' mode returns the convolution of h and 1-h, which for shifted versions. But maybe I need to make sure that the overlap is computed correctly. Also, the dx is 2/n_points, which is correct.

Wait, the objective function is the maximum of all the correlations multiplied by dx. So for each shift k, compute the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. The maximum of these is C5. So the problem is to minimize this maximum value.

Now, to find a good h, maybe the optimal h has some symmetry. For example, if the function is symmetric around 1, then the overlap might be balanced. Alternatively, it could be a periodic or quasi-periodic structure.

Alternatively, maybe using a more systematic approach. For instance, trying to model h as a set of pulses, such that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. For example, if the h is a union of intervals that are spaced out in such a way that overlapping with their shifts is minimized.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem? If I can parameterize h with certain parameters, like the positions and lengths of intervals, then the optimization could be over those parameters. However, that might not be straightforward with the current setup.

Alternatively, since the previous code uses a sample-based approach, perhaps increasing the n_points could help. However, the user says that smaller n_points are preferred. The initial_h_values has n=45. Maybe trying n around 100? Wait, the problem says that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe using a larger n_points would be better, but the example uses 45. However, the previous code's initial_h_values is 45 samples. So perhaps trying to use that.

But the problem is that the code might be getting stuck in local minima. So maybe using a different optimization strategy. For example, instead of using differential evolution, which is a global optimizer, perhaps using a hybrid approach where we use a local optimizer after some initial global steps.

Another thought: the previous code uses SLSQP for refinement. Maybe using a different local optimizer or adjusting the constraints? Also, maybe using more iterations in the refinement steps.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the correlation for all shifts, but that's already what the code does.

Another idea: the previous code uses the initial_h_values, which might be a suboptimal starting point. Maybe generating a better initial guess. For example, using a randomized version of the initial_h_values, or a different construction. But since the user says to use initial_h_values if available, perhaps that's the way to go.

Wait, the user mentioned that the initial_h_values are available and I should use them directly. So maybe starting from there is the right approach, but perhaps the previous code's optimization parameters aren't optimal.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code first uses differential evolution to find a good solution, then applies SLSQP refinement. But maybe the differential evolution parameters are not set optimally. For example, increasing the mutation range or the number of iterations might help. Also, perhaps using a different population size.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm with some parameters tuned.

Alternatively, instead of using differential evolution, maybe using a local search that's more efficient. Or a combination of simulated annealing and gradient descent.

Another angle: the problem is similar to a minimax problem, which are often approached with alternating methods or duality. However, I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Wait, the key is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. This is a bi-level optimization problem. But solving it directly is challenging.

Perhaps trying to find a h that has minimal overlap with its shifted versions. For that, the h should be as non-overlapping as possible when shifted. So maybe using a periodic structure where each pulse is spaced out enough to avoid significant overlap when shifted.

For example, if h is designed to have peaks spaced out over the interval [0,2], then shifting them by certain amounts would cause the peaks to align with zero regions of h, thus minimizing the overlap.

But how to construct such a function? Maybe using a pulse train with certain spacing.

But given that the integral of h is 1, the total area under h is 1. So if the pulses are spaced out, their widths must be adjusted to maintain the area.

But this is getting too abstract. Let's think about code again.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values is used as the starting point. The code does differential evolution with popsize=20, maxiter=30, and then refinement steps with SLSQP. But perhaps the code can be modified to use more efficient methods, or to try different starting points.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess. If the initial_h_values is not the best, perhaps generating a different initial guess, like a more uniformly spaced pulses.

But how to generate that? For example, using a function that creates a set of intervals that divide [0,2] into n_points, and assigns h to be 1 in certain intervals. But that's a bit vague.

Alternatively, using a random initialization. But since the previous code uses the initial_h_values, which is a known construction, maybe that's a better starting point.

Another idea: the previous code runs the differential evolution and then SLSQP refinement. Maybe combining multiple refinement steps with different methods.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, but that might be too slow.

Another thought: the time budget is 100 seconds, so the code needs to be efficient. The previous code has two refinement loops, maybe reducing the number of iterations there.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization algorithm, like the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which is derivative-free and can work with constraints.

But I need to consider that the optimization problem has constraints: sum(h) = target_sum, and 0 ≤ h_i ≤ 1.

So for the constraints, the code uses SLSQP with an equality constraint. The differential evolution has no constraints, which is okay since the initial solution is feasible.

Wait, but in the previous code, the initial h is already feasible. So during differential evolution, the code doesn't need to handle constraints, but during the refinement with SLSQP, the constraint is enforced.

Hmm, but perhaps during the optimization, even the initial points are feasible, so the differential evolution could be run with constraints. But maybe the previous code didn't do that.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to handle the constraints. For example, using a penalty method or other techniques. But that's probably already handled by the SLSQP method.

Another idea: the code uses a fixed number of refinement steps. Maybe varying the number of iterations based on how much improvement is made. Or using a trust-region method.

Alternatively, checking if the current best solution meets the required target. If not, trying more aggressive optimization steps.

But given the time constraints, it's challenging to explore all possibilities. So perhaps modifying the previous code's parameters for differential evolution and SLSQP, and trying to get a better result.

Alternatively, using a different starting point. For example, if the initial_h_values is not good, maybe generating a random initial h. But the user says to use initial_h_values if available. So perhaps that's the way to go.

Another thought: the current code's differential evolution has a mutation parameter of (0.7, 0.95). Maybe adjusting this to have a wider mutation range could help escape local minima. Or using a different recombination strategy.

Alternatively, increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution. But the budget is tight.

Another approach: perhaps using a combination of local search and global search. For example, using differential evolution to find a good candidate and then using SLSQP to refine it further.

In the previous code, after the initial differential evolution, it runs multiple refinements. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps could help.

Alternatively, trying a different optimization method for the refinement. For example, using the COBYLA method instead of SLSQP, which might handle bounds better.

Another idea: the objective function is the maximum correlation. So in the code, when computing the correlation, it's possible that the maximum is not at the shift that's most critical. But the code computes it correctly.

Wait, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full'. Let me check what that returns. For two arrays a and b, the full mode returns the convolution at all possible shifts. The length of the result is len(a) + len(b) -1. So in this case, since h and 1-h are both length n_points, the full convolution will be 2n_points - 1 elements. But the actual overlap integrals are for shifts k such that x+k is within [0,2]. So for each k, the integral is computed over the overlapping interval.

But the code multiplies the correlation by dx, which is correct. However, the way the correlation is calculated might need to be checked. Maybe there's a mistake here.

Alternatively, perhaps the code is correct, but there's room for improvement in how the optimization is performed.

Another point: the previous code's initial_h_values has n_points=45. Maybe trying with more points could lead to better results, but the user prefers smaller n. However, the initial_h_values is provided, and if that's the case, maybe using n=45 is the way to go.

But how to improve from there. Maybe the previous code's result was 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. So a small improvement is needed.

What could cause higher C5? If the function h has regions where it is 1 and 0 in a way that when shifted, the product h(x)(1-h(x+k)) has a high integral.

To reduce C5, the function h should be such that for any shift k, the overlap between h and 1-h is minimized. This likely requires h to be as "spread out" as possible.

Another idea: the current code uses a random seed, so maybe adjusting the seed or using multiple random initializations could help, but given the time constraints, that's not feasible.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to handle the optimization. For example, using a local optimizer that can handle constraints and is faster than SLSQP. Or using a different algorithm like the BFGS method with constraints.

But I'm not sure. Let's think about the code again. The previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimizer, and then SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe the combination is effective, but maybe there's a way to get better results.

Another idea: the function to be minimized is the maximum of the correlation values. However, minimizing the maximum is a challenge for optimization algorithms. Maybe using a different formulation, such as using a penalty function that penalizes the maximum, but this might not help directly.

Alternatively, using a Lipschitz constant for the function. But again, not sure.

Another angle: the problem is similar to designing a signal with minimal autocorrelation, which is a sliding window. The optimal solution might resemble a signal with low autocorrelation, like a Barker code. However, the problem here is different, but the concept of minimizing overlap could be similar.

But the current optimization techniques are already in place. What else can be done?

Perhaps trying to use a different initial guess. For example, creating a h that has more regular spacing of 1's and 0's. Let's think: if h is a set of intervals with equal width and spaced such that shifting by certain amounts doesn't cause overlap. For example, if h is 1 in intervals of length L, and spaced by 2-L. But with the integral of h being 1, the total number of intervals would be 1/(L*(average distance between intervals))... This is getting too vague.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as a starting point, but trying to find a way to refine it better. Maybe adjusting the refinement steps and using more aggressive parameters.

Testing if changing the SLSQP options would help. For example, increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance.

Another idea: in the previous code, after the initial differential evolution, the refinement loop runs 5 times. Maybe increasing the number of refinement iterations, but that could take more time. Alternatively, trying different optimization methods during refinement.

In the code's refine function, the SLSQP is called with maxiter=200 and ftol=1e-12. Maybe reducing the ftol or increasing the maxiter could help find a better solution.

Alternatively, using a different method for refinement, like the Nelder-Mead simplex.

But given that the code already has this, perhaps modifying the parameters could yield better results.

Another thought: the code computes the correlation using numpy.correlate. Perhaps there is a more efficient or accurate way to compute the convolution. For example, using FFT-based convolution. However, the current method is correct, but using FFT might be faster, allowing more iterations.

Wait, the code uses numpy.correlate, which is straightforward. But using FFT-based convolution could be faster, especially for larger n_points. However, for the given n=45, it's negligible. But in the previous code, the optimization is done on the h array, so the correlation calculation is done as part of the objective function. Maybe optimizing the objective function for speed could allow more iterations of the optimization steps.

Alternatively, precomputing the correlation for all shifts, but again, it's already being computed.

Another idea: the code may be able to use a more efficient way to calculate the correlation. For example, for each shift k, compute the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x+k)) * dx. Since dx is 2/n_points, and the sum is over x, which is the same as the convolution sum.

But I think the code is correct in that.

Another thing to check: the initial_h_values. Maybe the initial construction is not optimal, and generating a better initial guess could lead to better results. However, the user says to use the initial_h_values if available. So I can't change that.

Hmm. Given all these considerations, maybe the previous code can be improved by:

1. Increasing the number of differential evolution iterations.
2. Using a different optimization method for refinement.
3. Adjusting parameters like mutation, population size, or recombination for differential evolution.
4. Trying different starting points if possible.
5. Using a more efficient way to compute the objective function.

But given the time constraints and the code structure, what can be done?

Let me think about the previous code's differential evolution parameters. The mutation is (0.7, 0.95). Maybe increasing the mutation range could help explore more of the search space. Alternatively, using a different mutation strategy.

Also, the recombination is set to 0.9. Maybe adjusting this could help.

Another idea: using the SLSQP method with more iterations. For example, increasing the maxiter.

Alternatively, combining the differential evolution with other methods.

Another thought: the code uses a fixed number of refinement steps. Maybe using a different approach during the refinement steps, such as using a local search that adapts based on previous results.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach with a surrogate model to guide the search. But that would require more code complexity.

Another angle: the current code's best_c5 is the maximum of the correlations. To improve, perhaps the code can be adjusted to prioritize certain shifts. For example, during the optimization, the code could focus on minimizing the worst-case shifts, but this is already the case, as the objective is the maximum.

Another idea: the code computes the correlation as the full convolution. However, the actual shifts that contribute to the maximum are those where x +k is within the interval [0,2]. For shifts k that cause the overlap to be zero, they don't contribute. So the correlation for each k would be the sum over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx, where x and x +k are within [0,2]. For example, for k = 0, the integral is sum h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx, which is the same as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx. For larger k, it depends on the overlaps.

But the code computes the entire correlational, which includes all possible shifts, and takes the maximum. That's correct.

Another thing to optimize: the code uses a loop for refinement, applying SLSQP multiple times. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps would help. However, the time budget is tight.

In the previous code, after the differential evolution, there are two loops: one with 3 iterations and another with 5. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the parameters would help.

Alternatively, trying to find a better initial guess by perturbing the initial_h_values.

But given that I need to code this, perhaps modifying the parameters of the optimization steps. For example, increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution, or adjusting the SLSQP parameters.

Let me try to modify the code in the following way:

- Use a larger population size in differential evolution for the initial steps.
- Increase the number of iterations in differential evolution.
- Use a more aggressive mutation range in differential evolution.
- Adjust the SLSQP parameters to allow more iterations or tighter tolerances.

But how to code this. Let's see.

In the previous code, differential evolution is called with maxiter=30. Maybe increasing that to 50 or 100 would help. But with the time budget, it's a trade-off.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, like genetic algorithm with elitism, but that would require more code.

Another idea: combining multiple optimization strategies. For example, using differential evolution for global search and then using a local optimizer with a trust-region method.

But given time constraints, perhaps focusing on adjusting the parameters in the existing code.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed seed. The user might have a specific initial_h_values, but if the seed is fixed, perhaps using different seed values could help. However, since the seed is given as 42, and the code uses that, it's not that flexible.

In conclusion, the code could be improved by:

1. Increasing the mutation range in differential evolution to explore more of the search space.
2. Increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution.
3. Adjusting the SLSQP parameters to allow more iterations or tighter convergence.
4. Trying different starting points if possible.
5. Using a more efficient way to compute the objective function.

But since the user has provided initial_h_values, and the code uses that, perhaps focusing on these parameter changes.

Now, translating this into code changes. The previous code's differential evolution is done with:

res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=20, maxiter=30,
                                     mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)

Maybe increasing the maxiter to 50, and adjusting mutation parameters. Also, in the refinement steps, increasing the maxiter of SLSQP.

For example, in the refine function, the SLSQP is called with:

res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                       constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                       options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12})

Maybe increasing 'ftol' or 'maxiter' could help.

Alternatively, using a different method for SLSQP, like BFGS, but that might not handle constraints.

Another change: the initial_h_values has 45 points. Maybe trying with 100 points could yield better results, but the user prefers smaller sequences. So using n=45 seems better.

Putting it all together, the modified code would have adjusted parameters for differential evolution and SLSQP.

But how to implement this. Let's adjust the differential evolution parameters:

Increasing maxiter from 30 to 50, population size to 30, and mutation to something like (0.7, 1.0) to encourage more exploration.

Then, in the refinement steps, maybe allowing more iterations in SLSQP.

Another thing: the objective function could be vectorized for faster computation, but the current code uses numpy.correlate, which is already efficient.

Another idea: the code's refinement loop runs 3 times with differential evolution and 5 times with SLSQP. Maybe adjusting the number of iterations there.

Finally, after all these changes, I need to write the code with these adjustments.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    # First global search with DE
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=30, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 1.0), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = refine(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    # Local refinement
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```