<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better approach. 

First, the problem is to find a step function h: [0,2] → [0,1] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h(x) is between 0 and 1.

The previous approach tried various initial guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves, then used optimization methods. But maybe there's a different strategy. 

Let me think about the structure of the problem. The overlap integral can be thought of as the maximum correlation between h and 1-h, scaled by dx. To minimize the maximum overlap, the function h needs to be arranged such that when shifted, the regions where h is high and 1-h is high overlap as little as possible.

The initial h_values has 45 points, which is a moderate size. But maybe using a larger n_points could help? However, the user prefers smaller sequences. So perhaps 45 points is sufficient, but the code needs to optimize it effectively.

The previous code used SLSQP with constraints and differential evolution. Maybe using a different optimization strategy could help. For instance, using genetic algorithms or other global optimization methods. However, with the time budget, maybe it's better to focus on local optimization with better initial guesses.

Another idea is to use a more structured approach. Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h has some regular structure, like periodic or piecewise constant. The previous code tried some waveforms, but maybe there's a better way to construct h.

Wait, maybe using a combination of pulses with different spacings and widths. For example, placing pulses at intervals that minimize the overlap. The key is to arrange the pulses such that their shifted versions don't overlap much.

Alternatively, using a probabilistic approach: think of h as a probability distribution on [0,2], and the problem becomes finding a distribution that minimizes the maximum of the expected value of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). This might be related to some measure concentration or information theory concepts, but I'm not sure.

Another angle: the problem resembles the covering problem, where we need to cover the interval [0,2] with a certain amount of mass (since the integral is 1) in such a way that overlapping with any shifted version is minimized.

What about trying to model this as a convex optimization problem? However, the objective function is not convex, since it's the maximum over k of some integral. So direct convex optimization might not be feasible. But maybe using some kind of smoothing or relaxation.

Alternatively, since the maximum is over k, perhaps we can compute the integral for certain critical values of k, which are more likely to give the maximum. For example, the maximum might occur when k is such that the shift causes the peaks of h and 1-h to align. So, for the optimization, it's possible that the worst-case k is when the shift is such that the h function and the shifted 1-h function overlap maximally. Maybe focusing the optimization on those specific k values would be more efficient.

But how to determine those k values? That might be tricky. Alternatively, instead of computing the maximum over all k, approximate it by evaluating it at a finite set of k values. Since the integral is over x, and k can be any real number, but for the purpose of the integral, the critical shifts might be those that align the intervals where h is 1 and 1-h is 1. 

But perhaps for numerical optimization, the previous approach of using differential evolution and SLSQP is still viable, but with better initial guesses or parameters. 

Looking at the previous code, the guesses were based on various generated waveforms. Maybe the initial guess could be improved. For example, instead of generating pulses, sawtooth, triangle, perhaps a more optimal initial guess can be constructed.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point. Maybe the current code starts from that. But perhaps there's a way to improve upon that.

Another idea: the problem is similar to finding a function h that is as "uniform" as possible, avoiding overlaps. But given the integral constraint, it's not possible to have uniformity over the entire interval. So, perhaps the optimal h is a combination of a few intervals where h is 1, spaced in a way that their shifted versions don't overlap much. 

For instance, if the h is composed of m intervals where h(x) is 1, and the rest is 0, then the total length of these intervals is 1. The question is to arrange these intervals such that for any shift k, the overlap between the set where h is 1 and the set where 1-h is 1 (i.e., the complement) is minimized. 

But since 1-h is 1 where h is 0, the overlap integral becomes integrating over x where h(x) is 1 and 1-h(x +k) is 1. So, this is the same as integrating over x where h(x) =1 and x +k is in the complement of h. So, the overlap is the measure of the set {x | h(x) =1 and x +k not in h's support}.

But to minimize the maximum of this over all k. 

This seems like a covering problem. If h is constructed as the union of intervals, then the optimal arrangement would be to have the intervals spaced in a way that their shifted versions don't overlap. However, since the total length is 1, the spacing is constrained. 

For example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into two parts, each of length 0.5, but this is not enough. Wait, the total integral is 1, so if we have two intervals of length 0.5 each, their total length is 1. Then, when shifted by 0.5, the intervals would overlap. 

But the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap. So, perhaps a better approach is to arrange the h's support in a way that maximizes the minimal distance between any two points in the support, but given that the total measure is 1.

Alternatively, using a random construction where the support is randomly placed, but with some density. However, this may not be efficient for optimization.

Another thought: since the problem is to minimize the maximum integral, perhaps the optimal solution is to spread the mass of h as evenly as possible. For example, if h is a step function with many small intervals, arranged periodically. But with the integral constraint, this could be a way to avoid overlaps. 

But with n_points being fixed, maybe the previous approach of using more sophisticated initial guesses could help. 

In the previous code, the guesses included pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe trying other waveform constructions, like a combination of different waveforms, or modifying the existing ones to better fit the problem. 

Alternatively, considering the problem as an optimization with a large number of variables, and using a more efficient local optimizer. The previous code used SLSQP with a limited number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a better convergence criteria.

But with the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps the key is to generate better initial guesses and then optimize effectively. 

Wait, the previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a more focused optimization approach, like Bayesian optimization, could be better. However, implementing Bayesian optimization in the time constraints may be challenging. 

Another idea: since the overlap integral depends on the maximum value of the correlation, perhaps we can model this as a problem where we need to minimize the maximum value of the convolution between h and 1-h. This is similar to the problem of minimizing the maximum of the cross-correlation. 

In signal processing, this is related to the concept of a "matched filter" or "cross-correlation minimization". Maybe there are existing techniques or heuristics for this. However, I'm not familiar with specific methods, so I'll have to think from scratch. 

Another angle: the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx can be rewritten as the expected value of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) when x is uniformly distributed over [0,2]. So, the problem becomes finding a function h that minimizes the maximum expected value of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) over all shifts k. 

This seems similar to minimizing the maximum correlation between a function and its shifted version. To minimize this, the function should be designed to avoid alignment with its shifted versions. 

If h is a periodic function with certain properties, perhaps this can be achieved. For example, if h is a tile of a certain pattern that, when shifted, doesn't align well with itself. 

But with the integral constraint, perhaps a good approach is to create a function that has a certain "periodic" structure. For example, a function with a specific number of "on" and "off" intervals that are spaced in such a way that their overlap is minimized. 

Alternatively, using a greedy approach: start with the initial guess and iteratively adjust the points to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, for each shift k, compute the overlap, and then adjust the function to reduce the overlap for the worst k. But this is a bit vague.

Another thought: since the previous code uses the initial_h_values, which might be a better starting point than random guesses, perhaps focusing the optimization on that starting point with more iterations would yield better results. 

In the previous code, after generating guesses based on waveforms, it did a few iterations of differential evolution and then local optimization. Maybe adjusting the parameters of the optimization could help, such as increasing the population size in differential evolution, or allowing more iterations. 

But with the time constraint, there's a balance between the number of iterations and the time spent. 

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where the initial guess is optimized with differential evolution, then refined with SLSQP for local optimization. 

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The previous code computes the full convolution and takes the maximum, which may be computationally expensive. However, with n_points of 45, it's manageable. 

Wait, the previous code uses np.correlate(mode='full'), which returns the convolution. The maximum of that is then multiplied by dx. But the maximum is over all possible shifts k. However, since the function h is piecewise constant, the shifts that matter are those that align the steps with the edges of the intervals. So perhaps there's a way to sample fewer shifts, but I'm not sure. 

In any case, the code is already doing that. 

So, what can be improved? Maybe the way the initial guesses are generated. The previous code used a fixed set of waveforms, but perhaps there's a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, instead of using pulses, saw, triangle, maybe using a combination of overlapping intervals with varying widths, or other patterns. 

Alternatively, using a more systematic approach, like generating multiple random initial guesses and then optimizing each one. However, this might be time-consuming. 

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of points (45), but perhaps using a smaller number of points could lead to better optimization. However, the user prefers smaller sequences. For example, n_points=45 is manageable. 

Wait, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The initial h_values has 45 points. So, 45 is acceptable. 

Perhaps the key is to use more effective optimization techniques. For example, using a more precise local optimizer with better parameters, or using a different optimizer altogether. 

The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a genetic algorithm approach with a larger population size could find better solutions. 

But implementing genetic algorithms may be complex. Alternatively, using a simulated annealing approach. However, with the time constraints, this might not be feasible. 

Another option: since the problem is convex in some aspects, maybe using a gradient-based method with more precise settings. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method in scipy.optimize with proper constraints. However, the objective function may have multiple local minima, making gradient-based methods prone to getting stuck. 

Alternatively, using a combination of differential evolution for global search and local optimization for refinement. The previous code does this, but perhaps with more iterations. 

Wait, the code runs differential evolution for 3 iterations, and then a few local optimizations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or allowing more steps could help find a better solution. 

But with the time budget, there's a trade-off. For example, each differential evolution iteration takes time, so increasing the maxiter might take more time. 

Another thing to note: the current best is 0.38085. The target is 0.380876, which is just slightly higher. So any improvement that brings the bound below 0.38085 would be a success. 

Perhaps the previous code could be modified to use a more precise optimization. For example, adjusting the tolerance in the SLSQP method. Alternatively, adding more constraints or changing the objective function. 

Wait, the objective function is maximizing the overlap integral. Wait, no, the code is trying to minimize the maximum overlap. So the objective function in the code is obj(h_vals) which returns the maximum of the convolution, which is what needs to be minimized. 

But in the code, the optimization is done for minimizing this value. 

So, perhaps the code is correct in this aspect. 

Another idea: the previous code uses the initial_h_values, which may be a good starting point. However, if there's a way to generate a better initial guess, that could lead to better results. 

For example, perhaps constructing a h that is a combination of a few pulses arranged in a specific pattern. For instance, placing pulses in a way that their positions are spaced to minimize overlap. 

Alternatively, generating a more "balanced" h function. For example, ensuring that the function h has equal spacing between the intervals where it is 1. 

But how to translate that into code? 

Alternatively, perhaps the initial_h_values can be modified by adjusting certain points. But without knowing the exact structure of initial_h_values, this is challenging. 

Assuming that initial_h_values is a good starting point, the main improvement could be in the optimization process. 

In the previous code, the SLSQP optimizer is used with a limited number of iterations (200). Maybe increasing the number of iterations could lead to better convergence. Also, the tolerance (ftol) is set to 1e-11, which is quite strict. Maybe adjusting this could help. 

Another thing to check: the code uses a fixed number of guesses. Perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could help escape local minima. 

For instance, instead of generating a fixed set of waveforms, generating random initial guesses with different structures, such as varying densities and positions. 

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initial guess generation. For example, creating a function that has a certain number of intervals of equal length, spaced periodically. 

But again, without knowing the structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to say. 

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of the integrals, and given that the integral is the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k, perhaps focusing on reducing the worst-case k for the initial guess. 

In the previous code, the initial guess is optimized using SLSQP, then differential evolution is applied. Maybe after differential evolution, doing more local optimization steps could refine the solution. 

Another thing is the evaluation of the objective function. For example, in the code, the obj function is computed as the max of the convolution multiplied by dx. However, the convolution includes all possible shifts. But in reality, for a given h, the maximum overlap might be achieved for specific shifts. 

But since the code computes the full convolution, it's correct. 

Maybe using a finer grid for evaluating the convolution. However, the code uses the same number of points as h, so the resolution is already determined by that. 

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral. For example, instead of using np.correlate, which may be computationally intensive, but with small n_points, it's manageable. 

Alternatively, precompute all possible shifts and find the maximum, but again, that's what the code is already doing. 

In summary, to improve upon the previous code, I could consider:

1. Enhancing the initial guess generation by trying more diverse patterns, like combinations of pulses, or more complex structures.
2. Adjusting the optimization parameters, like increasing the number of iterations or changing the tolerances.
3. Using a different optimizer or combining optimizers (like using differential evolution for global search and SLSQP for local refinement).
4. Evaluating the effect of using a different number of points (maybe 45 is sufficient, or maybe a slightly larger or smaller one?).
5. Adding more variations of the initial guesses to potentially find better solutions.
6. Implementing a more systematic approach to explore the solution space.

Considering that the previous code already uses a combination of different waveforms as initial guesses, but perhaps generating more of them or with different parameters could help. For example, varying the frequency or duty cycle of the generated waves. 

Alternatively, maybe using a more sophisticated initial guess based on the problem's structure. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into intervals where h is 1 and 0, arranged in a way that their shifted versions don't overlap much. 

But how to design such a function? 

For example, suppose we divide the interval into m intervals of length 1/m. Since the total integral is 1, each interval would have length 1/m, so m = 2. That's not enough. So, perhaps using a more complex arrangement. 

Another idea: if the optimal solution is a function with a certain symmetry, then the code could take advantage of that. For instance, making the function symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], which is 1. So, the function is mirrored on both sides. This could potentially reduce the overlap when shifted. 

But again, without knowing the specific structure of the initial guess, it's hard to implement this directly. 

Another thing to consider is that the current code uses a fixed number of guesses (like 12 initial guesses, including the initial_h_values, etc.). Maybe generating more initial guesses could help, but with the time constraints, this might not be feasible. 

In terms of code, perhaps modifying the initial guesses generation to include more variations, like more random guesses, or more structured ones. 

Also, adjusting the parameters in the optimization, like increasing the maxiter in SLSQP or the population size in differential evolution. 

Another possible improvement is to use more accurate evaluations, such as using a higher precision in the optimization steps. However, the previous code already uses a high ftol of 1e-11, which may be too strict and causing the optimizer to take longer. 

Alternatively, using a lower ftol to allow for faster convergence, then refining with higher tolerance. 

In code terms, for the SLSQP optimizer, adjusting the 'ftol' and 'gtol' parameters, perhaps increasing the maximum iterations. 

Another idea is to use parallel processing, but since the user has only one CPU, this is not possible. 

In conclusion, the key improvements might be:

- Generating more diverse initial guesses.
- Adjusting the optimization parameters to allow more iterations and better convergence.
- Using a different optimizer or combination of optimizers.
- Focusing the optimization on the most promising initial guesses.

So, modifying the code to generate more initial guesses, such as more random ones, and possibly using a more aggressive optimization approach while respecting the time budget.

Now, translating these ideas into code changes. 

First, in the current code, the guesses are based on waveforms. Maybe adding more random guesses. Also, perhaps using a different waveform generation. 

Second, adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution, like increasing the maxiter. 

Third, possibly using a different optimizer, like the 'BFGS' method, but with constraints. However, with the existing code structure, perhaps sticking with the SLSQP and differential evolution is better. 

Another thing: in the previous code, the 'gen_saw' and 'gen_triangle' functions may not cover all possibilities. Maybe generating more functions, like square waves, or step functions with varying positions. 

Alternatively, generating a series of random initial guesses that are random samples, but adjusted to have the correct sum. 

For example, in the current code, there's a 'random_guess' that is generated by taking random numbers, scaling them to meet the sum constraint. This could be a good way to generate diverse initial guesses. 

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with various waveforms and a random guess, but maybe adding more random guesses could help. 

Another thing: the code runs differential evolution for 3 iterations and then local optimization. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution could allow it to explore more of the solution space. 

So, modifying the code to:

- Generate more initial guesses, such as more random samples.
- Increase the number of iterations for differential evolution.
- Allow more local optimization steps.

Also, ensuring that the initial_h_values is used as one of the guesses, as it may have already been optimized. 

Another possible change: using a different mutation and recombination strategy in differential evolution. For example, using a higher mutation factor to explore more widely.

In terms of code, modifying the differential evolution call to have a larger population size, more maxiter, or better parameters. 

Moreover, ensuring that the code doesn't exceed the time budget by running too many iterations. For example, if differential evolution takes too long, the code may exit early.

Putting this all together, the modified code could generate more initial guesses, including more random ones, and use differential evolution with higher parameters, followed by more local optimization steps. 

But since the code must stay within the time limit, I need to balance between the number of iterations and time spent. 

Another idea: using the initial_h_values as the first guess, and then generating several other guesses based on it, like perturbations. 

In summary, the code can be modified as follows:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, including more random guesses and modified versions of existing waveforms.
2. Adjust the differential evolution parameters to allow more iterations but within the time limit.
3. Use more iterations of local optimization after differential evolution.

Now, translating these thoughts into code changes.

The original code's guess generation includes:

- initial_h_values
- pulses
- sawtooth
- triangle
- random_guess

Maybe adding more random guesses. For example, generating several random guesses with varying parameters.

Additionally, adjusting the differential evolution parameters to have a higher maxiter and better mutation/recombination settings.

So, in the code, the 'guesses' list could be expanded with more random guesses. Also, in the differential evolution part, increasing the maxiter.

But I need to ensure that the code runs within the 100s budget.

Another thing: in the current code, the differential evolution is run for 3 iterations, then a few local optimizations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations.

Now, writing the code changes.

First, modifying the 'guesses' list to include more random guesses. For example, adding several random guesses.

In the code:

    random_guess = np.random.rand(n_points)
    random_guess = (target_sum / np.sum(random_guess)) * random_guess
    guesses.append(random_guess)

But this is done once. Instead, maybe generate multiple random guesses. For example, generating 5 random guesses. 

Then, in the code, the 'guesses' list would have more initial points to explore.

Another change: in the differential evolution call, increasing the maxiter from 50 to 100, and possibly adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters. For example, using mutation=(0.5, 1.0) instead of (0.5, 0.95), which could allow for more exploration.

Also, increasing the population size from 100 to 200 may help, but this depends on the time constraints.

Moreover, after the differential evolution, running more local optimization steps.

Another possible change is to use a different initial guess for the differential evolution. For example, starting from the initial_h_values.

But the current code already includes initial_h_values in the guesses.

An alternative approach could be to use the initial_h_values as the first guess for the differential evolution. 

However, the current code already uses that.

Overall, the code should be modified to include more diverse initial guesses, adjust the differential evolution parameters, and increase the number of local optimization steps.

Implementing these changes would probably lead to better performance. 

Now, writing the code changes step by step:

1. Generate more random guesses: perhaps generate 5 random guesses.

2. Increase the maxiter in differential evolution from 50 to 100.

3. Adjust mutation parameters to (0.5, 1.0) to allow for more mutations.

4. Increase the number of iterations for the differential evolution loop to run more times.

5. After differential evolution, perform more local optimization steps.

But the exact parameters need to be tuned to fit within the 100 seconds budget.

Another possibility: reduce the number of differential evolution iterations but increase their maxiter. For example, running differential evolution for 5 iterations with higher maxiter per iteration.

However, without testing, it's hard to know the exact parameters. 

In the final code, the previous code's guess generation can be modified to include more random guesses and perhaps other waveforms. The differential evolution part can be adjusted to run more iterations with better parameters.

Implementing these changes in the code.

Now, writing the code.

The code will:

- Use the initial_h_values as one guess.

- Generate more random guesses (e.g., 5 random guesses).

- Use different waveform generators to create more initial guesses.

- Use differential evolution with increased maxiter and mutation parameters.

- Perform several local optimizations after differential evolution.

Also, adjust the SLSQP parameters, like increasing the maxiter.

This should lead to a better optimization process, potentially achieving a lower C5 value.

Finally, ensuring that the code is within the token limit and concise.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 11):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in np.linspace(0.2, 0.8, 4):
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in np.linspace(0.2, 0.8, 4):
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        random_guess = np.random.rand(n_points)
        random_guess = (target_sum / np.sum(random_guess)) * random_guess
        guesses.append(random_guess)

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'gtol': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 1.0), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```