<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The user has provided an existing code that uses differential evolution and SLSQP optimization, starting from an initial_h_values array. The current best is 0.381142, and the target is to get under 0.380876.

Hmm, the previous approach uses a combination of differential evolution and local refinement with SLSQP. But maybe there's a better way. Let me think about how to approach this problem differently.

First, the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral, which is the max of the convolution of h and 1-h. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So I need to find a step function h that makes this maximum as small as possible.

The existing code starts with an initial guess and then refines it. But maybe using a different starting point or a different optimization strategy could lead to better results. Also, the problem mentions that smaller n_points (number of samples) are preferred because they are faster. The initial code uses n=45, but perhaps using a lower n could help, but I need to check if that's possible.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, which is a starting point. Maybe I should try optimizing from that point using different methods. Alternatively, maybe a different initialization could lead to better convergence.

Another thought: the existing code uses differential evolution followed by local optimization. Maybe the differential evolution can be more effective if the bounds are adjusted or the parameters are tuned. Also, perhaps using a more efficient method for the local optimization.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP for refinement, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using another local optimizer like L-BFGS-B or a different method could help. But the user has access to various solvers via scipy.optimize, like COBYLA, SLSQP, etc.

Alternatively, maybe using a different objective function formulation. For example, instead of directly minimizing the max of the convolution, perhaps using a penalty method or transforming the problem into a constrained optimization.

But the problem is that the max of the convolution is non-smooth, which can make optimization challenging. So perhaps using a more robust optimization method that can handle such non-smooth objectives.

Another angle: the current code uses the max of the convolution as the objective, but perhaps the evaluation can be made more efficient. For example, using FFT-based convolution could speed up the computation, but the user's code already uses numpy.correlate, which might be efficient enough.

Wait, the existing code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the full convolution. The overlap integral for each shift k is calculated, then the max is taken. The code multiplies by dx to get the integral value. The max over all k is the C₅ value we want to minimize.

So the key is to find a h that makes this maximum as small as possible. Let's think about possible structures of h. Maybe using a periodic or symmetric pattern? Or maybe a piecewise constant function with certain intervals.

The initial_h_values might have a certain structure. For example, if the initial h is a periodic function with certain intervals, we can try to adjust that structure. Maybe the h is made up of intervals where it's 1 or 0, or some other values. But how to translate that into code?

Alternatively, considering that the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], the average value of h is 0.5. So maybe distributing the 'active' regions of h evenly could help reduce overlap.

But the optimization is tricky. Let's think about how to improve the existing approach. The previous code uses differential evolution (DE) first, which is a global optimization method, followed by local refinement with SLSQP. But maybe DE can be tuned with better parameters, or perhaps using a different global optimization method.

Another idea: use a more efficient local optimizer. For example, maybe using the SLSQP method with more iterations, or using a different constraint handling. Also, the DE parameters might be set to a suboptimal value. For instance, the mutation parameters in DE can be adjusted to explore better.

Wait, the current DE uses mutation (0.7, 0.95), which might be too small. Increasing the mutation range might allow better exploration. Alternatively, maybe using a different recombination strategy.

Another possible improvement: instead of using DE and SLSQP, maybe using a gradient-based method with a different formulation. However, since the objective is non-smooth (because of the max), gradient-based methods might struggle. But if we approximate the max with a smooth function, perhaps we can use gradient descent.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm with a better mutation strategy, or using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach.

But given the time constraints (100 seconds), it's better to focus on optimizing the existing methods.

Also, the current code runs DE and then refines with SLSQP. Maybe the DE can be run more efficiently. For example, increasing the popsize or adjusting the maxiter.

Wait, the previous code runs DE for 3 iterations, then 5 refinements. Maybe that's not sufficient. Perhaps increasing the number of DE evaluations or the refinement steps could help.

Another point: the initial_h_values might be a good starting point. If the initial h is already close to the optimal, then the refinement steps would be more effective. But if it's a local minimum, then DE might find a better solution.

But the user says that using the initial_h_values is encouraged. So perhaps sticking with that initial guess is better.

Another thought: the existing code uses the same bounds for all samples. Maybe allowing some samples to be fixed or vary with different bounds could help, but that's probably not necessary.

Another possible optimization: check the current C₅ value and see if there's a way to perturb the initial h to get a better value. For example, using a local search method that explores small changes to the current solution.

Alternatively, maybe using a different objective function that approximates the max. For instance, using the average of the convolution values, but that might not directly lead to the desired result.

Alternatively, the problem could be viewed as an optimization with constraints. Let's consider that the C₅ is the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. Since the integral is over x, and the shift k is varying, perhaps there are certain critical shifts that need to be minimized.

But how to model that? For a given h, compute the convolution and then take the maximum. So the current code's approach of optimizing the maximum is correct.

Another idea: since the convolution is involved, maybe using a Fourier transform approach. The integral can be expressed in terms of Fourier coefficients. But I'm not sure how that would help in optimization.

Alternatively, since the overlap integral is a bilinear form, maybe there's a way to express this as a quadratic optimization problem, but the max over k complicates things.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to improve the existing code. Let's see what the current code does.

The current code uses differential evolution with popsize=20, maxiter=30, and then refines using SLSQP with maxiter=200. It does a few rounds of this. Maybe increasing the DE maxiter or the population size could lead to better exploration.

Also, the DE uses a mutation range of (0.7, 0.95), which is the default. Perhaps adjusting this to a higher mutation rate might help escape local optima. Or using a different mutation strategy.

Another possibility: using a hybrid approach, where after some DE steps, switch to a more local optimization method. But that's what the code is already doing.

Another angle: the evaluation of the objective function is time-consuming. The code uses np.correlate, which is O(n^2), but for n=45, it's manageable. However, for larger n, this would be a problem. But since the user prefers smaller n, maybe trying with n=45 is better.

Wait, the initial_h_values has n=45 points. The user is allowed to use smaller n. But why not try with n=40 or n=50? Maybe changing n could lead to better results. For example, if the initial_h_values is for n=45, maybe adjusting the number of points could give a better solution.

But the code as written uses the initial_h_values, which is given. So the user must use that as a starting point, but perhaps the number of points is fixed. Or maybe it's possible to adjust. However, changing n would require different code. The user says that smaller sequences are preferred, but the code should use the initial_h_values, which is already for a certain n. So probably n is fixed.

So, focusing on the existing code:

To improve the result, perhaps the following changes could be made:

1. Tune the DE parameters to allow better exploration. For example, increasing the popsize, maxiter, or using a different mutation scheme.

2. Use a different local optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method which handles bounds well.

3. Consider using a multi-start approach with different initial points, but that might be time-consuming.

4. Implement a better stopping condition for the DE steps to avoid wasting time.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess. If the initial_h_values is not the best, but the user says that when initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So we can't change that.

Another thought: the current code evaluates the objective function as the max of the convolution. However, the convolution for k=0 is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx, which is the same as the integral of h(x) - h(x)^2 dx. Since ∫h(x) dx =1, this integral is 1 - ∫h(x)^2 dx. So this term is minimized when h is as evenly spread as possible. But the maximum over all k might involve other shifts.

But the problem is to minimize the maximum of all these terms. Maybe the initial code's approach of minimizing the max is correct.

Another idea: Maybe the objective function can be transformed. For instance, instead of directly maximizing the convolution, perhaps use an approximation that makes it differentiable. However, that might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, using a penalty function approach: instead of taking the max, include all terms in the objective with penalties. But that might not lead to the same result as minimizing the max.

Hmm, perhaps the existing code is already doing a good job, but with some parameter tuning. For example, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters in DE.

Looking at the DE parameters in the existing code:

mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9.

If we increase the mutation range to (0.8, 1.0), maybe the algorithm can explore more diverse solutions. Also, perhaps increasing the maxiter to 50 or 100.

Alternatively, using a different recombination strategy. However, the user's code is already using DE, so experimenting with those parameters may lead to better results.

Another possible change: use a different optimization method for the DE, like the 'best' or 'bounds' strategies.

Alternatively, using a different solver, like the 'L-BFGS-B' method for the local optimization. But that might require different constraints.

Another angle: the current code uses a fixed number of DE steps (3 iterations) and then refines with SLSQP. Maybe performing more DE steps would lead to better initial points for refinement.

Also, the DE steps are run once, then the best solution is refined with SLSQP. Perhaps running DE multiple times with different parameters, and then selecting the best solution.

But given the time budget, perhaps focusing on adjusting the DE parameters and the local optimization to get better convergence.

Another thought: perhaps using a combination of DE and gradient descent. For example, after some DE steps, switch to a gradient-based method with a smooth approximation of the objective.

But the problem is that the objective function is non-smooth. However, if the max is approximated with a smooth function, say using a maximum of the convolution terms, but with some smoothing, then gradient descent could be applied. However, this would require modifying the objective function, which may not be straightforward.

Alternatively, using the fact that the maximum over k of the convolution terms is equivalent to the maximum of the individual terms. So maybe the code can compute all the terms and take the max, which is what the current code does.

Another idea: since the convolution is evaluated for all k, and the maximum is taken, maybe the code can focus on the shifts where the convolution is large. For example, if some shifts are more critical, then maybe the algorithm can prioritize optimizing those shifts. But this would require changing the objective function, which may complicate things.

In summary, the main avenues for improvement are:

- Tuning the DE parameters for better exploration.
- Using a more effective local optimization method.
- Increasing the number of DE iterations or refinement steps.
- Exploring different starting points (though the user says to use the initial_h_values if available).
- Changing the way the objective function is evaluated or handled.

Given that, I'll try to modify the existing code by adjusting the DE parameters and using a different local optimization method.

For example, changing the mutation parameters in DE to a higher range, increasing the maxiter, and using a different local optimization method like L-BFGS-B. Also, perhaps using the COBYLA method for the constraints.

Additionally, the current code runs DE for 3 times and then refines. Maybe increasing the number of DE steps.

But I need to make sure that the code runs within the budget of 100 seconds. The existing code has 3 DE steps and 5 refinements. Maybe increasing the number of DE steps could help, but it's a trade-off.

Another possible improvement: using the 'bounded' method for the local optimization, which handles bounds better. Or using a penalty method for the constraints.

But since the problem has a constraint that the sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2, the existing code uses SLSQP with an equality constraint. That's correct.

Another idea: using a more efficient way to compute the convolution. Currently, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which for a 45-point array would give a convolution of length 45 + 45 -1 = 89. But actually, since the function is over [0,2], the shifts k can go from -2 to 2. However, the code's convolution might not be handling that correctly. Wait, no. The convolution for h and 1-h in the code is calculated as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), which returns the cross-correlation. Then, each element corresponds to a shift k. But perhaps the code is not correctly aligning the shifts. However, the current code seems to compute the integral for each k, so it's likely correct.

Alternatively, the code could precompute the possible shifts and compute the integrals, but that's already handled by the convolution.

In any case, the main changes I can make are:

1. Adjust the DE parameters, such as increasing maxiter or mutation range.
2. Change the local optimization method to something else, like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B.
3. Perform more DE steps or refinement steps.
4. Use a different initial guess, but the user says to use the initial_h_values.

So, in the code, perhaps I can replace the SLSQP with COBYLA, which handles bounds and constraints better. Also, increase the number of DE iterations.

Let me try to implement these changes.

Another thing: the current code uses the SLSQP with maxiter=200, which might be too long. Maybe reducing that if time is a constraint. But the code has a time check to stop before the budget.

Alternatively, using the covariance matrix adaptation (CMA-ES) algorithm, but scipy doesn't have that out of the box. So perhaps not.

Another possible change: using a different starting point. If the initial_h_values is not the best, but the user says to use it, so we can't change that.

So, for the code:

Modify the DE parameters to use a higher mutation range, like (0.8, 1.0), increase maxiter to 50.

For the local optimization, change the method to 'COBYLA' instead of 'SLSQP'.

Also, maybe tweaking the options for the optimization.

Let me try to write this into code.

Another point: the current code uses the same bounds for all variables. Since the user's problem can have h[i] in [0,1], the bounds are correctly set.

Also, in the initial code, the refine function calls optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe changing that to COBYLA.

Wait, the code uses optimize.minimize with method='SLSQP', but if we change that to 'COBYLA', it might perform better for bound-constrained problems.

Alternatively, using 'L-BFGS-B' if the constraints are handled properly.

But since the code uses constraints (equality), maybe COBYLA is better.

So, putting this together, the modified code would:

- Use DE with higher mutation parameters.
- Use COBYLA for the local optimization.
- Increase the number of refinement steps.

Let me outline the code changes.

The existing code has:

def refine(r):
    res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                           constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                           options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12})
    return res.x if res.success else r

Change the method to 'COBYLA' and adjust the options.

Also, adjust the DE parameters.

In the DE call:

res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=20, maxiter=30,
                                     mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)

Change mutation to (0.8, 1.0), maxiter to 50, and maybe popsize to 30.

Additionally, in the for loop for refining, perhaps increase the number of iterations.

But I'm not sure. Let me try to code these changes.

Another thing: the existing code runs DE three times, then five refinements. Maybe increase the DE steps to 5, or more.

Also, adjust the tolerance in the DE to a higher value, allowing for more steps.

Another possible change: for the DE, using the 'best' strategy, which focuses more on the best individual, maybe leading to faster convergence.

But in scipy, the differential_evolution method has options like 'best1bin', 'best1exp', etc. The default is 'best1bin'.

So, perhaps changing the strategy might help.

But the user's code doesn't specify the strategy. So, adding that as a parameter.

But I'm not sure. This could complicate the code, but perhaps it's worth trying.

In summary, the main changes would be:

- Adjust DE parameters (mutation, maxiter, popsize).
- Change local optimization method to COBYLA.
- Increase the number of DE and refinement steps.

These changes should be implemented in the code.

Now, putting this into the code.

Let me write the modified code with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=25, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 1.0), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9,
                                             strategy='best1bin')
        h_opt = refine(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(6):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```