<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for C₅, the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant. The current best is around 0.38085, and my goal is to get even lower, like 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of genetic algorithms and Sequential Least Squares Programming (SLSQP) to optimize the step function h. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, let's understand the problem again. The function h is a step function on [0,2], with integral 1. We need to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is calculated as the maximum correlation between h and 1-h shifted by some k. The overlap integral is computed using a convolution, and the maximum over all shifts gives C₅.

The previous code starts with an initial guess (initial_h_values) and then uses a series of guesses, including pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random guesses. Then it applies SLSQP optimization on each guess and uses differential evolution for a few iterations. Finally, it applies more SLSQP steps on the best solution found so far.

To improve this, maybe we should consider different optimization strategies. Maybe using a more efficient optimizer, or a different initial guess. Also, the previous code uses a lot of different guesses, which might not be the most effective. Perhaps focusing on specific patterns or structures that could lead to better overlap properties.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a signal that minimizes the maximum overlap with its shifted version. This is similar to some problems in signal processing or coding theory. Maybe there's a way to model this with a more structured approach, like using periodic functions or functions with certain symmetry properties.

Wait, the initial construction uses a 45-sample h with a certain pattern. Maybe starting with that and then using a local optimization method could be better. Alternatively, using a different initial guess, such as a more balanced or symmetric function, could lead to better results.

Also, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method. Maybe adding some other optimization techniques, like simulated annealing or particle swarm optimization, could help escape local minima. But considering the time budget, maybe combining different methods in a smarter way would be better.

Another idea: the problem can be viewed as a continuous optimization problem. Maybe we can model h as a piecewise constant function with certain intervals and parameters, then use optimization to adjust these parameters. However, that might complicate the code.

Alternatively, maybe using a different discretization approach. The previous code uses n_points=45. What if we try with a different number of points, like 60 or 90? But the problem mentions that smaller sequences are preferred because they are faster to optimize and evaluate. So maybe sticking to around 45-60 points is better for efficiency.

The current code uses differential evolution for a few iterations, then refines with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution could help, but that might be time-consuming. Alternatively, using a more efficient differential evolution setup, such as a higher popsize but fewer generations.

Wait, the previous code has a loop where differential evolution runs for 50 iterations with a popsize of 100. Maybe reducing the popsize could save time, allowing more iterations. Or perhaps using a different mutation or recombination strategy.

Another approach is to focus on specific structures. For example, the optimal function might have a certain symmetry or periodicity. If we can design h to have certain properties that minimize the maximum overlap, that could lead to better results. For instance, using a function that is as flat as possible when shifted, so that overlaps are minimized.

Another idea is to use a greedy approach to adjust the function h. For example, iteratively find the shift that causes the largest overlap and then adjust h to reduce that overlap. But since the problem is a global optimization, this might not be sufficient, but it could be part of a larger strategy.

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of evolutionary algorithms with local optimization. The previous code uses differential evolution followed by SLSQP, which is a common approach. But maybe trying a different initial guess, such as a more random one or a structured one, might lead to better results.

Let me think about the initial_h_values. The code uses that as the starting point, but if the initial construction is not optimal, maybe starting with a different one could be better. However, the user says that initial_h_values is provided and we should reference it directly. So we can't change that.

Wait, but the user allows us to use other starting points if available. The current code uses the initial_h_values, but maybe generating other starting points from different waveforms could lead to better results. For example, the previous code used pulses, saw, triangle, etc. Maybe replacing those with other patterns, like a square wave with different duty cycles, or more complex shapes.

Another possible improvement is to use a better optimizer. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a different optimization algorithm, like COBYLA, which handles bounds well, or using some form of Bayesian optimization to guide the search.

But given the time constraints, it's better to stick to methods that are faster. So perhaps using a combination of several initial guesses and then refining them with SLSQP, and doing more rounds of differential evolution with different parameters.

Also, the current code uses a fixed number of iterations for differential evolution. Maybe trying more iterations but with lower tolerance would help. Or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Another thing: the function obj is the maximum correlation over all shifts. The current code computes this via convolution, which is efficient. But maybe the way the convolution is handled could be optimized. For example, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the full cross-correlation. However, the maximum over all shifts might be within a certain range, so maybe focusing on a subset of shifts could reduce computation time. But given that the code is already using the full correlation, that might not be necessary.

Hmm, perhaps the main issue is getting stuck in local optima. The previous code tried a variety of initial guesses, but maybe trying more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, generating more different patterns, like using different frequencies or duty cycles, or even non-symmetric functions.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initialization method. For example, generating multiple initial guesses based on different waveforms and then using them as starting points for optimization.

Another approach could be to use a multi-objective optimization, where we balance the different overlaps. But that's more complex and might not be necessary.

Wait, the problem requires that the integral over h is 1. The previous code uses a constraint that the sum of h is n_points / 2, since dx = 2.0 / n_points. That's correct. The constraints are handled via SLSQP with the equality constraint.

In the previous code, the obj function is the maximum correlation, which is what we want to minimize. The optimization is trying to find h that minimizes this maximum value.

So, to improve this, perhaps the following steps could be taken:

1. Use a more efficient optimization algorithm for the initial guesses. Maybe using a different method for the initial optimization steps.

2. Generate a wider variety of initial guesses, not just the ones used before. For example, including more complex waveforms or patterns that could potentially minimize the overlaps.

3. Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP to better explore the search space and refine the solution.

4. Consider using a different initial guess based on the initial_h_values, but with some modifications to potentially improve the result.

Let me think about possible changes in code structure. The previous code uses a loop over guesses, which are generated from pulse, saw, triangle, etc. Perhaps adding more types of waveforms or varying parameters could give better initial points.

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations for each step. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution or allowing more refinement steps with SLSQP could lead to better results.

Also, the code uses SLSQP with a maximum of 200 iterations and ftol=1e-11. Maybe adjusting the tolerance or the number of iterations could help, but that might not be necessary.

Another idea: since the optimal solution is likely to have a certain structure, maybe using a more structured approach. For example, designing h to have certain intervals where it's 0 or 1, arranged in a way that when shifted, overlaps are minimized. This could be similar to the way binary codes are designed to minimize overlap.

But designing such a structure is non-trivial. Maybe using a heuristic approach where we try to balance the areas where h is high and low, ensuring that when shifted, the overlaps are as small as possible.

Alternatively, thinking of the problem as an optimization over the positions of the "on" and "off" regions in h. For example, if h has several "spikes" that are spaced apart, their shifted versions would overlap less. But the exact positioning would need to be optimized.

But how to translate this into code? Perhaps using a different initial guess that has more balanced intervals, or using a different waveform that spreads out the 1's in h.

Another angle: the current code uses a fixed n_points (45) based on initial_h_values. Maybe trying with a different number of points could yield better results. For example, using 60 points instead of 45, which might allow for more detailed adjustments. But the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred, so 45 is better than 60. However, maybe the current initial_h_values is for 45, so sticking to that is better.

So, perhaps the main changes would be in the initial guesses and the optimization steps. Let's think about the code structure.

The previous code uses several different functions to generate initial guesses: pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Maybe generating more of these, or using different parameters, could help find a better starting point.

For example, varying the frequency and duty cycle of the pulses and sawtooth functions. The current code uses frequencies from 2 to 10 for pulses, and duty cycles from 0.2 to 0.8. Maybe increasing the range or adding more frequencies.

Alternatively, generating more diverse shapes, such as combinations of different waveforms or more complex patterns.

Another idea: using the initial_h_values and then applying a small perturbation to it, then optimizing. This could be a way to refine the initial solution.

Additionally, the code does a few rounds of differential evolution followed by SLSQP refinements. Maybe increasing the number of differential evolution iterations with a smaller population size could allow exploring more of the search space, then refining with SLSQP.

Alternatively, using a combination of differential evolution and genetic algorithms (GA) with a different mutation strategy.

But given the time budget, the code needs to be efficient. Maybe simplifying the initial guesses and focusing on a few key structures could save time while still leading to better solutions.

Let me consider modifying the initial guesses. For example, instead of generating a lot of different waveforms, focus on a few key ones that are more likely to lead to a good solution.

Alternatively, using a simpler initial guess, like a uniform distribution with some adjustments, but that might not be helpful.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but perhaps there's a way to improve it by adjusting certain points. For example, using the initial guess and then applying a local optimization to refine it.

Another possibility is to use a different optimizer for the initial steps. For instance, using COBYLA instead of SLSQP for the initial guesses, which might be faster and handle constraints better.

But the code already uses SLSQP. Maybe changing the method in the minimize function could help, but that would require testing.

Another thought: the problem is convex? No, it's likely non-convex, so local minima exist. Therefore, using multiple starting points and different optimization methods is essential.

In summary, possible improvements include:

1. Generating more diverse initial guesses, perhaps with more varied waveforms or parameters.

2. Adjusting the parameters of the optimization algorithms (like mutation rates, population sizes, etc.) in differential evolution.

3. Increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution to allow more exploration.

4. Using different optimization methods (like COBYLA, Nelder-Mead, etc.) for refining the solution.

5. Trying to find a better way to generate initial guesses that are more likely to lead to better solutions.

Now, considering the code structure, here's how I could modify it:

- Instead of generating a wide variety of guesses, focus on generating a few more structured options. For example, using different frequencies and duty cycles, but in a more systematic way.

- Perhaps adding a guess based on a binary pattern, like alternating 1s and 0s in a certain way, which might help minimize overlaps.

- Or using a more complex waveform, such as a combination of a sine wave and a square wave.

- Also, maybe using the initial_h_values and applying a small perturbation, then optimizing.

But given the time constraints and the need to keep the code concise, perhaps the main changes are in the initial guesses and the optimization steps.

Another idea: in the previous code, the gen_saw and gen_triangle functions are used to generate guesses. Maybe generating more guesses from these with varying duty cycles could help. For example, using more duty cycles or frequencies.

Also, the code uses a random guess, which might not be as effective as other structured guesses.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a combination of different waveforms and frequencies, and possibly adding a series of small perturbations to the initial h_values.

Alternatively, maybe using a better random guess. The current code scales the random guess to satisfy the integral constraint, but perhaps a different method could be better.

In the code, the random guess is generated as a random array, scaled to meet the sum constraint. Maybe generating a more structured random guess, such as using a random sine wave or something similar.

In terms of code changes, here's what I can do:

- In the guesses list, add more structured waveforms with varied parameters.

- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP steps to allow more iterations or better settings.

- Maybe replace some of the guess generation methods with others that could potentially yield better starting points.

- Consider using a different initial guess based on the initial_h_values, perhaps with some modifications.

Also, the code currently uses a fixed number of iterations for SLSQP, but maybe allowing more iterations could refine the solution better.

Another thing: the current code uses a tolerance of 1e-9 for differential evolution. Maybe adjusting this could lead to better results without increasing the number of iterations too much.

Putting this all together, I need to write a Python function that follows the required structure, starting with the initial_h_values, generating several initial guesses, using different optimization methods, and refining the solution to find the best possible C₅ bound.

To make the code concise, I'll focus on generating a few more structured initial guesses, possibly using different frequencies and duty cycles, and refine using SLSQP and differential evolution with adjusted parameters.

I'll also make sure that the code is within the token limit, so I'll avoid adding too many lines.

Let me outline the steps for the new code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.

2. Generate a variety of initial guesses, including pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves with different parameters.

3. Use SLSQP to optimize each guess, keeping track of the best solution.

4. Run differential evolution for multiple iterations, using the best solution found so far as a starting point.

5. Further refine the best solution with additional SLSQP steps.

6. Return the best h_values and the corresponding C₅ value.

I'll also adjust the parameters of the differential evolution, such as the population size, mutation rates, and number of iterations, to potentially explore the search space more effectively.

In the previous code, the differential evolution was run for a few iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the parameters could help.

Another consideration: the time budget is 100 seconds, so the code must be efficient. Therefore, the number of iterations and the complexity of the guesses must be balanced.

Now, implementing these changes in code:

First, define the initial guesses. The previous code had a list of guesses, including pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random. I'll add more variations, perhaps with different frequencies and duty cycles. Also, maybe generating a guess based on the initial_h_values with some adjustments.

Then, use differential evolution with adjusted parameters. For example, using a popsize of 50, mutation parameters between 0.5 and 0.95, recombination of 0.8, and more iterations.

In the SLSQP steps, perhaps allowing more iterations or adjusting the tolerance to find a better minimum.

Finally, ensure that the code is concise and doesn't exceed the token limit.

Now, writing the code with these ideas in mind, making sure to keep it within the required structure and constraints.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 13):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in np.linspace(0.2, 0.8, 6):
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in np.linspace(0.2, 0.8, 6):
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    random_guess = np.random.rand(n_points)
    random_guess = (target_sum / np.sum(random_guess)) * random_guess
    guesses.append(random_guess)

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```