<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code uses a combination of genetic algorithms and SLSQP optimization, starting from an initial guess. But maybe I can find a better approach.

First, I should understand what the problem is asking. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral with its shifted version. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since we're working with a step function, the function h is piecewise constant, and we need to sample it at n_points intervals. The key is to find a function that when shifted, the regions where h is 1 and 1-h is 1 (i.e., where h is 0) overlap as little as possible.

The previous code starts with an initial guess and then uses differential evolution followed by SLSQP. But maybe I can do better by using different initial guesses, more efficient optimization techniques, or even different strategies for constructing h.

Hmm, the initial_h_values are provided. Maybe I can use a different starting point. The previous code tried various pulse and sawtooth waveforms. Perhaps trying more structured patterns, like using multiple pulses with different spacing, or optimizing the positions and widths of the pulses.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a greedy approach where we try to cover the interval [0,2] with regions where h is 1, ensuring that when shifted by any k, the overlap is minimized. But how to model that?

Alternatively, since the function is over [0,2], maybe we can model h as being composed of multiple intervals where it's 1, and the rest are 0. But the integral must be 1, so the total length of these intervals should be 1. The challenge is to arrange these intervals such that when shifted, their overlap with the original is minimized.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem. The previous code uses numerical optimization with constraints. Perhaps using more advanced optimization techniques or better heuristics.

Wait, the problem constraints are that h is a step function. So maybe the optimal h is made up of a certain number of intervals where it's 1. For example, maybe using a symmetric pattern with multiple peaks. But how to determine the optimal positions and widths?

Alternatively, since we're working with a finite number of samples (n_points), perhaps using a genetic algorithm with a more efficient selection process, or using a different population-based approach.

Another thought: the previous code used SLSQP with constraints, but maybe the constraints are causing issues. Maybe reparameterizing the problem could help. For example, instead of directly optimizing h, maybe parameterize the positions and widths of the intervals and optimize those parameters.

But how to handle that in the code? Maybe using a different approach for generating initial guesses, like using patterns that are known to be good for such problems. For example, using a specific number of intervals arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap too much.

Alternatively, consider that the maximum overlap occurs when the shift k causes the regions where h is 1 to overlap with regions where h is 0. So for each possible shift k, the integral is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. To minimize the maximum of these, we need to arrange h's regions such that for any shift, the overlap is small.

Another approach is to use symmetry. For example, arranging h's 1's regions in a symmetric pattern around the center of [0,2]. For instance, placing intervals at regular intervals, but with varying lengths. For example, if we have m intervals, each of length l, such that m*l = 1. But how to find the optimal m and l?

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to a covering problem where the area covered by the intervals and their shifts is minimized. But I'm not sure how to apply this directly.

Let me think about the previous code. It uses differential evolution to sample a lot of possible h functions and then refines them with SLSQP. Maybe I can try a different initialization method. For example, instead of generating random guesses, using a more informed initial guess based on known optimal structures.

Wait, the initial_h_values are provided. Let's assume that they are a starting point. Maybe I can use them as a base and perform some modifications. However, the previous code tried various guesses but perhaps didn't explore enough.

What if I use a different optimization strategy? For example, using a more global optimization method first, then fine-tuning with local optimization. Or, maybe a hybrid approach combining simulated annealing with gradient-based methods.

Alternatively, using Bayesian optimization to search for the best parameters, but that might be more complex to implement.

Wait, the previous code had a problem with the initial guess. Maybe the initial_h_values are not the best starting point, and generating better initial guesses could help. For instance, generating a series of pulses with different spacing and widths, and optimizing their positions.

Another idea: the overlap integral is equivalent to the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. So for each shift k, this is the area where h is 1 and h is 0 after shifting. To minimize the maximum over k, we need to make sure that for any shift, the area of overlap is as small as possible.

This seems like a problem where the function h should be such that it's not too similar to its shifted versions. So, perhaps using a function that is aperiodic, or has certain properties that prevent overlaps.

But how to model this in code? Perhaps by trying to spread out the pulses in h so that when shifted, they don't overlap much.

Wait, let's think of the problem in terms of the Fourier transform. The overlap integral can be related to the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. But since h is periodic with period 2, maybe there's a Fourier analysis approach here. However, I'm not sure how to translate that into an optimization problem.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is a convex function, but I'm not sure. Maybe using convex optimization techniques. However, the problem is non-convex, so standard convex optimization methods may not work.

Given the time constraints, maybe sticking with numerical optimization is better, but with improved strategies.

Another thought: in the previous code, the initial guesses include pulses and sawtooth functions. Maybe generating more structured initial guesses, like using a combination of different pulse patterns, or using a more systematic way of generating initial h values.

For example, using a grid search over possible parameters (like number of pulses, their positions, and widths) and then optimizing those parameters.

But with limited time, perhaps a better approach is to modify the existing code to use more efficient optimization. For instance, using a more aggressive differential evolution setup, or using a different initial guess.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different patterns could help. For example, using a combination of different pulse configurations, or using a base pattern and perturbing it.

Alternatively, perhaps adding more constraints or using a better way to evaluate the objective function.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the cross-correlation. However, for the overlap integral, the shift k can range from -2 to 2? Or perhaps from 0 to 2? Wait, the integral over x is from 0 to 2, and when you shift by k, the integral becomes over x such that x +k is still in [0,2], so the overlap is for k in [-2, 2]. But since the integrand is h(x)(1 - h(x +k)), when x +k is outside [0,2], the value is zero. However, the correlation function as computed by np.correlate with 'full' mode includes all possible shifts, but in our case, the actual shifts that contribute to the integral are those for which x +k is within [0,2], but in the code, the maximum over all possible shifts is taken. However, the problem states that the maximum over k of the integral, which could be over all real numbers. But since h is a step function over [0,2], the integral for a given k would be the area where x is in [0, 2 -k] (if k is positive) or x is in [k, 2] (if k is negative), but the code computes the maximum over all possible shifts. However, the actual maximum might occur for particular shifts. So maybe the code is correct in computing the max over all shifts.

But given that, perhaps the code's approach of using the full cross-correlation is correct.

Another possible improvement: instead of using SLSQP, which can be slow, maybe using a more efficient local optimizer, like Nelder-Mead. But again, the previous code uses SLSQP with the constraints.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum value, perhaps formulating it as a minimax problem and using a different optimization approach. However, I'm not sure how to implement that.

Let me think about what's different from the previous code. The previous code uses a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP, starting from various guesses. Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, the code generates guesses based on pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions. Perhaps adding more diverse initial guesses, such as ones with variable widths, different numbers of intervals, or other waveforms.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess that is randomized but satisfies the integral constraint. For example, generating a random h that is normalized to have integral 1.

Another idea: since the function is over a 2-unit interval and the integral is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is 0.5 on average, but with regions where it is 1 and 0 to minimize overlaps. However, since it's a step function, we need to arrange the regions where it's 1 and 0 such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

But how to model that? Maybe the optimal h has regions that are as spread out as possible, so that when shifted, they don't overlap much. For example, having multiple isolated 1 regions spaced apart.

Let me consider the case where h is composed of m intervals of length L, such that m * L = 1. Then, the total length of intervals is 1. The positions of these intervals would need to be arranged so that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

For example, if the intervals are placed at various positions, ensuring that their shifts do not overlap. But this might be difficult to optimize directly.

Alternatively, let's think about the maximum overlap integral. For any shift k, the integral is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. To minimize the maximum over k of this value, we need to arrange h so that for any shift k, this area is as small as possible.

Imagine that for each shift k, the integral is the area of overlap between the regions where h is 1 and the regions where h is 0 when shifted by k. So the problem is similar to designing a pattern of 1s and 0s that when shifted, the overlap with the original pattern is minimal.

This seems similar to a covering problem or a scheduling problem where overlapping is minimized. However, designing such a pattern is non-trivial.

Perhaps using a more structured approach. For instance, considering that the optimal h might have a certain symmetry or periodicity. For example, if h has a pattern that repeats every certain interval, but with adjusted parameters.

Alternatively, using a binary optimization where h takes values 0 or 1, and then applying a solver. But since the previous code uses step functions, which could have any values between 0 and 1, maybe using more flexible patterns is better.

Another angle: the previous code's best result was 0.381142, which is higher than the target of 0.380876. So, there's a small improvement needed. How to achieve that?

Maybe focusing on the specific structure of the current initial_h_values. If I can refine the initial guess by adjusting the positions and widths of the intervals to better minimize the overlaps.

Alternatively, trying different optimization strategies. For example, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm or another global optimization technique that might explore the search space more effectively.

But given the constraints of using only scipy and numpy, and the need to stay within the time budget, maybe the previous code's approach can be modified to be more efficient.

Let me consider the following optimizations:

1. Reduce the number of initial guesses to avoid excessive computation.
2. Use a more efficient method for the differential evolution phase.
3. Improve the SLSQP optimization by adjusting parameters or using better initial guesses.
4. Try different patterns for generating initial guesses, such as more varied pulse configurations.

Let me think about how to modify the code. The previous code tried generating guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles for pulse and sawtooth functions. Maybe adding more variations, such as varying the number of intervals or using different shapes.

Alternatively, generating guesses based on the initial_h_values but modifying them. For example, taking the initial_h_values and then perturbing them slightly to see if that leads to better results.

Another possible improvement: instead of using differential evolution with a large population size, which can be slow, use a smaller population with more iterations, or adjust the mutation and recombination parameters to find better solutions faster.

Also, the code uses a fixed number of iterations for the differential evolution. Maybe adjusting the maxiter or mutation parameters could lead to better results.

Additionally, the code performs multiple rounds of optimization. Maybe reducing the number of rounds but increasing the iteration count in each round.

Another idea: the previous code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point, but maybe the initial guess isn't the best. Perhaps generating a different initial guess, such as a uniform distribution of 1s and 0s with the required integral.

Wait, the code uses a random guess that's normalized. Maybe generating a random guess with uniform distribution, then normalizing, could help escape local optima.

But how to implement that? For example, in the code, after generating random_guess, they scale it to meet the sum constraint. That could be a valid approach.

Alternatively, incorporating more structured initial guesses. For example, generating a function that is a series of pulses spaced at certain intervals, with varying widths.

But how to implement that in code? For example, creating a function with multiple pulses of varying widths and positions.

However, since the code must be concise, generating such a function algorithmically using numpy's linspace and other functions is necessary.

Another thought: perhaps the key is to find a function h that is 1 over certain intervals where their shifts do not overlap much. For example, placing the intervals such that their shifts (by certain k's) do not fall into overlap regions.

But how to find those positions?

Alternatively, considering that for the maximum overlap, it's likely that the worst-case shift k is one that is equal to the length of the intervals. For example, if the intervals are of length L, then shifting by L/2 may lead to overlaps. So, perhaps designing the intervals so that no two intervals are shifted by a certain amount that could cause overlaps.

But this is quite abstract. Maybe trying to find a pattern that approximates this.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different initial guess and adjust the parameters of the differential evolution to explore more effectively.

Additionally, using a different optimizer for the local optimization step. For example, using the Nelder-Mead method instead of SLSQP.

But the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. Perhaps increasing the maxiter or adjusting the ftol parameter to allow more precise optimization.

Another idea: using the initial guess from the initial_h_values and then doing a more thorough optimization on it, rather than starting from multiple guesses.

Alternatively, trying a different initial guess, like a function that is 1 over two intervals, each of length 0.5, placed symmetrically around the center of [0,2].

But how to model that in code?

Wait, the initial_h_values are provided, so I should use them as the base. Maybe trying to perform a fine-tuning optimization on that initial guess.

Alternatively, combining the initial guess with other patterns. For example, taking the initial_h_values and applying some transformations to it.

But I'm not sure. Let's think about the code again.

The previous code generates many guesses, which might be computationally expensive. Maybe reducing the number of guesses and focusing on more effective ones.

Alternatively, trying a different optimization method for the initial guess. For example, using genetic algorithms with a more efficient representation.

But given that the code must be written in a limited number of lines, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the parameters of the existing code to make it more efficient.

For example, reducing the number of iterations in the differential evolution phase, but allowing more precise optimization in the subsequent steps.

Another thought: since the problem is to minimize the maximum value, the maximum over k can be considered as the largest value of the cross-correlation. So perhaps the code can optimize for a lower maximum value.

In the previous code, they use the maximum of the cross-correlation multiplied by dx. So, perhaps ensuring that the cross-correlation is minimized for all shifts.

But how to find that in the code.

Another possible improvement: instead of using the full cross-correlation, compute the correlation for each possible shift k in a certain range. However, the current code already uses the full cross-correlation, which includes all shifts.

I think I need to implement a different approach. Let me outline the steps I can take:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Perform a series of optimization steps using different methods.
3. Try different initial guesses, such as using pulses with varying positions and widths.
4. Adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms (like population size, max iterations) to find better solutions.
5. Use more efficient local optimization methods to refine the solutions.

Given the time constraints, perhaps focusing on the first point and trying to optimize the initial guess.

Alternatively, let's consider the following approach for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Perform a local optimization (like SLSQP) with enough iterations to refine the initial guess.
- If the result is not satisfactory, try a different initial guess, such as a grid of pulses.
- Use differential evolution to explore the search space more widely.

But how to implement that in code within the character limit.

Another idea is to use a different initial guess, such as a function that is a periodic sequence of 1s and 0s, but with specific spacing.

For example, suppose we have a function that is 1 for a certain number of points, then 0 for another, repeating. However, the total integral must be 1.

Let me think of generating such a guess. For example, a function that is 1 for a period of L, then 0 for the rest. But since the integral is 1, the total length of 1s is 1, so if the period is p, then the fraction of the period where the function is 1 is 1/p. But this is getting too abstract.

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use more efficient parameters and reduce the number of guesses, focusing on the initial guess and refining it.

In the existing code, the differential evolution is run for 50 iterations with a population of 100. Maybe increasing the population size or adjusting the parameters to get better results.

But given the limited time budget, perhaps it's better to try a different approach. For example, using a different optimizer like the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints well.

Alternatively, changing the initial guess to one that is more promising than the initial_h_values.

Wait, the initial_h_values are provided as a starting point, but maybe they are not the best. What if I use a different initial guess? For example, generating a function that is a series of pulses spaced in a certain way.

But how to generate that in code.

Another idea: the optimal h might be a binary function (0 or 1) with certain positions. So, perhaps trying to solve the problem for binary functions and then applying a step function approximation. But since the problem allows for step functions (any values between 0 and 1), this might not be the case.

Alternatively, considering that the minimum overlap is achieved when the function is as spread out as possible. So, for a function with integral 1, perhaps the optimal is a square wave with certain properties.

But without knowing the exact solution, it's hard to proceed.

In summary, given the time constraints, perhaps modifying the existing code to focus on the initial guess and using more efficient optimization parameters could lead to a better result.

Another thing is that in the previous code, after generating a random guess, they scale it to have the required sum. Maybe generating a random guess with more variance could help, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, trying different initial guesses for the differential evolution. For example, generating a random initial guess and then running differential evolution on it.

In the code, the previous approach tries a few different initial guesses and then performs differential evolution. Maybe reducing the number of initial guesses but allowing more iterations in differential evolution.

But since the code is already long, I need to make it concise.

In the end, perhaps the best way is to modify the previous code to use a better optimization strategy. For example, using a more aggressive differential evolution phase, combined with SLSQP refinements.

Another possible change: instead of using the full cross-correlation, precompute the maximum shift and focus on optimizing for that. But that might not be straightforward.

In conclusion, I'll modify the existing code to use the initial_h_values as the initial guess, run a more thorough optimization with differential evolution, and then refine it with SLSQP. Additionally, I'll adjust the parameters of the differential evolution to improve exploration.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 128
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty, shift):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2 + shift, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    
    for freq in range(2, 11):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5, np.random.uniform()))
    for duty in np.linspace(0.2, 0.8, 4):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(5, duty, np.random.uniform()))
    random_guess = np.random.rand(n_points)
    random_guess = (target_sum / np.sum(random_guess)) * random_guess
    guesses.append(random_guess)
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=30, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.8), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```