<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem step by step. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and our target is to get even lower, say 0.380876. The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution with various initial guesses. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, I need to understand what exactly the problem is asking. The function h is a step function on [0, 2] that integrates to 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Lower C₅ means better, so we need to minimize this maximum.

The previous approach uses several initial guesses, including pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random guesses. Then it applies optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe we can do better by adjusting the search strategy or using different techniques.

Hmm. One thought: maybe using a more informed initial guess. The current initial_h_values is given, but perhaps generating a better initial guess could help avoid local optima. For example, using a combination of pulses and periodic functions with adjusted parameters.

Another idea: instead of using differential evolution and SLSQP, maybe using a genetic algorithm with a more efficient population setup. Or maybe using a more tailored optimization method that directly addresses the constraints.

Wait, the constraints are that the integral of h is 1. The current code enforces that with a constraint in the optimization. Maybe using more efficient solvers, like those with better handling of constraints? But the previous code uses scipy.optimize, which might have some limitations.

Another angle: the problem resembles a covering problem or a binary optimization. The function h is a step function, so it's piecewise constant. Maybe partitioning the interval [0, 2] into segments where h is 0 or 1, but that's too simplistic. Alternatively, maybe using a more structured pattern, like a periodic sequence with certain properties.

Wait, the Erdős problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap when shifting. So the function h should be designed such that shifting it by any k doesn't result in too much overlap. Maybe using a function with a structure that avoids high overlaps across different shifts.

Another idea is to use symmetry. For example, if h is symmetric around the midpoint of [0, 2], perhaps that could help balance the overlaps. Or maybe designing h to have certain intervals where it's high and others where it's low, ensuring that when shifted, these intervals don't overlap much.

The previous code uses several shapes: pulses (sawtooth, triangle, etc.), but maybe combining them in a more sophisticated way. For instance, a single pulse with adjustable width and position, or multiple pulses with varying positions and durations.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral is maximized over all shifts k, perhaps focusing on specific shifts that are critical. For example, shifts of 1, since the interval is [0, 2], shifting by 1 would map x in [0,1] to [1,2], which could be a critical overlap point.

But how to model this? Maybe using a function that has high values in regions that don't overlap when shifted by certain amounts. For example, a "checkerboard" pattern that alternates between high and low values, but ensures that shifting doesn't align the regions.

Another approach: since the integral is over the entire interval, perhaps using a function h that has regions of high value separated by gaps. When shifted, the overlap between high regions of h and low regions of 1 - h would be minimized. The challenge is to arrange these regions such that all shifts result in minimal overlap.

But how to translate this into a concrete function? Maybe using a periodic function with a certain period that is a fraction of the interval [0, 2], ensuring that different shifts don't overlap too much.

Wait, the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 45), but the user wants to prefer smaller sequences. The previous code uses 45 points, which might be too much for the 100-second budget. Maybe reducing the number of points could help. However, the lower the number of points, the coarser the approximation, so we need a balance.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method that doesn't require as many iterations. For example, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) with a population that's tuned for the problem. Or using a Bayesian optimization approach, which could be more efficient in exploring the search space.

But implementing PSO would require some code. Let's think about the previous code's structure. It starts with an initial guess, then generates multiple other guesses (pulses, sawtooth, etc.), and then runs SLSQP and differential evolution on those guesses, refining them.

Perhaps we can improve this by generating better initial guesses. For instance, instead of random pulses and sawtooth, maybe create structured guesses that are more likely to be optimal. For example, using a combination of two or three overlapping pulses with adjusted positions and widths.

Also, the objective function is the maximum of the correlation. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation of the two signals. But maybe there's a way to compute this more efficiently or in a way that's more suitable for optimization.

Wait, the correlation in mode 'full' for two arrays of length n_points gives an output of length 2n_points -1. For each shift k, the integral is computed as the cross-correlation value at position k. So the maximum over all k of these values, multiplied by dx (the step size) is the C₅ value.

So the problem is to minimize the maximum value of this cross-correlation.

Another thought: the maximum cross-correlation might be achieved for certain shifts. For example, shifts that align the intervals where h is high with other regions where h is lower. So perhaps ensuring that the function h avoids having large overlapping regions with 1 - h for any shift.

To model this, maybe using a function h that is periodic or has certain symmetries. For example, using a function that is high in the first half of the interval and low in the second, but shifted versions would align with different regions, leading to lower maximum overlaps.

Alternatively, using a function that has high values in multiple non-overlapping regions. For example, dividing [0, 2] into several intervals where h is 1, but spaced out so that shifts don't align them with high regions of h.

But how to arrange this optimally? It's a complex combinatorial problem, and maybe heuristic approaches are needed.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1 over [0, 2], the average value of h is 0.5. So the function can't be too skewed. So any attempt to have regions with high value must be balanced by regions with low value.

Perhaps trying a function that consists of several "pulses" (high regions) spaced apart in such a way that shifting them would not overlap with other pulses. For example, if there are two pulses, each of width w, spaced such that the distance between their centers is greater than w. Then, shifting by the distance between them would cause the pulses to overlap, but maybe the maximum overlap can be minimized.

But this is a bit vague. Let's think about the previous code's approach. It generates a variety of initial guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, etc., then uses optimization. Maybe the current approach is stuck in local optima, and we need a different initial setup.

Alternatively, using a more systematic approach: for example, using a Latin hypercube or other space-filling design to generate initial points for the optimization. But this would require more code.

Another angle: perhaps the problem can be approximated by using a function h that is a binary-valued function (0 or 1) with certain properties. Since the actual function can be a step function with any number of segments, but the optimal is likely to have a certain structure, maybe approximating with such a binary function could be helpful. However, the previous code already uses a step function.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization method. For example, using a hybrid approach: first doing a global optimization to find a good solution, then refining with local optimization. But the previous code already does that with differential evolution followed by refinement.

Maybe increasing the population size in differential evolution could help find better initial guesses. Or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Wait, in the previous code, the differential evolution is run with popsize=80 and maxiter=50. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help. However, this would take more time and might exceed the budget.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method for the refinement step, like L-BFGS-B with constraints. But the previous code uses SLSQP, which may be suitable for the problem.

Another idea: since the problem is symmetric (shifting the interval [0, 2] by any k), perhaps enforcing some symmetry in the function h could reduce the search space. For example, making h symmetric around the midpoint of [0, 2], which is 1. That would mean that h(1 + x) = h(1 - x). This could help in balancing the overlaps for different shifts.

But how to enforce this symmetry in the optimization? Well, the current code's initial guess is not symmetric. So modifying the initial guesses to be symmetric could help. For example, generating symmetric pulses or sawtooth waves.

Alternatively, the function h could be designed as a symmetric function with certain properties. For instance, using a triangular function that is symmetric around 1. But again, this is a guess.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed n_points, maybe using a smaller n_points, like 30-40, which would reduce computation time. However, the initial_h_values is given for 45 points. But the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe using 30 points, for example. However, the initial_h_values may not be available if there's no parent construction. Wait, the note says: "You may want to start your search from the current construction, which you can access through the `initial_h_values` global variable (n=45 samples)." So assuming that the initial_h_values is available, but the code can use a different n_points if needed. Wait, no. The initial h_values is given, and the code uses len(h) as n_points. So perhaps the code should stick to the same n_points as the initial_h_values (45), which is fixed.

But maybe the user is allowed to choose a different n_points. However, the problem states that "Smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred - they are faster to optimize and evaluate." So perhaps reducing the number of points could be beneficial.

But then, how to generate the initial_h_values for a smaller n_points? The previous code uses initial_h_values which is 45 points. So maybe the code should be modified to use a smaller n_points? But how?

Wait, the problem says that the initial_h_values is available if a parent construction exists. So, the code can start with that. But the user may want to generate a different initial guess. However, without knowing the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. But since the user provides the previous code that starts from 45 points, perhaps we should stick to that.

Alternatively, the code can generate a different initial guess for a different n_points, but that would require a different approach.

Another thought: using a more efficient way to evaluate the C₅ value. The cross-correlation computation is O(n^2) for an n-point array, which can be slow for large n. The previous code uses np.correlate in mode 'full', which is O(n^2). However, maybe there's a way to optimize this. But given the time constraints, perhaps this is not the main issue.

Alternatively, using a different way to compute the maximum overlap. For example, precomputing the positions where the maximum occurs for a given h, and focusing the optimization on those points. But how?

Another idea: since the maximum overlap is over all shifts k, perhaps the maximum occurs for certain values of k, such as k=1, 0.5, or other critical shifts. So, focusing the optimization on minimizing the overlaps for those specific k values might lead to better results.

But how to know which shifts are critical? It's hard to determine without evaluating all possibilities. However, the previous code computes the maximum over all k, which is the correct approach.

So, given all that, how to improve the previous code? Let's think about the previous code's structure.

The main steps are:

1. Start with initial_h_values.

2. Generate several initial guesses (pulses, sawtooth, triangle, random, etc.).

3. For each guess, perform SLSQP optimization to minimize the objective.

4. Run differential evolution on those guesses to find better solutions.

5. Refine using SLSQP.

The problem with this approach is that it's possible the initial guesses are not good enough, leading to suboptimal solutions. So generating better initial guesses could help.

For example, instead of generating random pulses, maybe create pulses with specific parameters. For instance, using a pulse with a certain width and position, tuned to avoid overlaps.

Alternatively, creating a combination of multiple pulses with different widths and positions, ensuring that their total integral is 1.

But how to generate such pulses algorithmically? For example, if we have m pulses, each with width w_i and position x_i, their total integral would be sum(w_i) = 1 (since the total area is 1 and each pulse is 1 over its width). However, this would require adjusting the widths and positions to satisfy the constraints.

But this approach is more complex. Maybe a simpler way is to create a function that is a combination of several high and low regions, spaced out to minimize overlap when shifted.

Another idea: using a periodic function with a certain period. For example, a function that repeats every certain interval, ensuring that when shifted by that period, the overlap is minimized. However, the function is over [0, 2], so the period must fit into that interval.

Alternatively, using a function that has a certain structure where the regions are arranged to avoid maximum overlap. For example, placing the high regions in a way that they are spaced apart, so that shifting by any amount doesn't align too much with the high regions.

But how to translate this into a step function?

Maybe using a function that is high in certain intervals and low in others, ensuring that the high intervals are spaced in a way that their shifts don't overlap with other high regions. For example, if the high regions are evenly spaced, then shifting by a certain amount would cause overlap, but maybe the maximum overlap is minimized.

This is similar to the concept of "avoiding" overlapping, like in a scheduling problem where you want to schedule tasks with certain intervals to avoid conflicts.

But again, how to model this in code? Perhaps by defining certain intervals and optimizing their positions and widths.

Alternatively, using a function that is a comb of high values at regular intervals. For example, a function that is high for a certain duration, then low, then high again, etc., with the duration and spacing adjusted to minimize overlap.

This could be modeled as a combination of rectangular pulses with certain parameters.

But how to implement this in code? For example, for a given number of pulses, say m, each with width w_i and positions x_i, such that the sum of the widths is 1, and the positions are arranged to avoid overlaps when shifted.

But this seems complex, and the previous code might not handle that.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed set of initial guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using different combinations of frequencies and amplitudes in pulse and wave functions, or generating random functions that are more likely to be optimal.

Alternatively, the previous code uses several functions but they may not be the best. For example, using a combination of different shapes with varying frequencies and duty cycles.

But how to implement this efficiently?

Another idea: the previous code uses a lot of different guesses but might not explore the search space effectively. Maybe using a different optimization method, like a Bayesian optimization approach, which could be more efficient for high-dimensional problems.

But implementing Bayesian optimization might be time-consuming, and the code may not fit within the time budget.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method for the refinement steps. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method and might be more effective.

Alternatively, combining different optimization steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm to explore the search space and then refining with SLSQP.

But given time constraints and the need to fit within the 100-second limit, perhaps the best way is to improve the initial guesses and optimization steps.

So, perhaps modifying the initial guesses to include more structured patterns, such as multiple pulses with specific parameters, and adjusting the optimization parameters to find better solutions.

Another possible improvement is to use a different initial guess that is based on the previous best, but with some modifications. For example, perturbing the initial guess slightly and optimizing from there.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess that starts with a higher number of high regions, such as using a function with three high regions spaced evenly.

But again, without knowing the exact structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include pulses with frequencies from 2 to 10, and sawtooth and triangle waves with varying duty cycles. Maybe adding more types of functions or varying the parameters more could help.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 45). If we can use a smaller n_points, say 30, which might allow for faster optimization, but how to generate the initial guess?

Assuming that the initial_h_values is not available, but the user prefers smaller sequences, the code could generate a smaller initial guess. However, since the initial_h_values is provided, it's probably best to stick to that.

Another possible improvement: adjusting the hyperparameters of the optimization methods. For example, increasing the maxiter in differential evolution or SLSQP, or adjusting the ftol and other tolerances to get a better convergence.

Alternatively, using a combination of multiple optimization strategies, such as first running differential evolution for a few iterations and then using SLSQP for refinement.

Another idea: using a different way to compute the objective function. For example, instead of computing all cross-correlations and taking the maximum, perhaps focusing on the most critical shifts. But how to know which ones are critical without knowing the optimal h?

In summary, the main improvements could be:

1. Generate better initial guesses that are more likely to lead to lower C₅ values.

2. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for more thorough search.

3. Use a different optimization method that is more efficient for the problem.

But given the time constraints and the need to fit within the 100-second budget, the code needs to be efficient.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses a lot of initial guesses but may not explore the search space effectively. Perhaps reducing the number of initial guesses and focusing on a few promising ones could save time.

Alternatively, using a more intelligent way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a function that is a combination of two other functions, like a pulse and a triangle wave, to get a more complex shape.

In conclusion, the approach should focus on:

- Generating better initial guesses that are more likely to be optimal.

- Optimizing the parameters of the optimization methods (like SLSQP and differential evolution) to find better solutions.

- Possibly using a different optimization strategy or combining methods.

Now, I need to translate these ideas into code. The previous code uses several functions to generate initial guesses, and the code could be modified to generate more diverse initial guesses or adjust their parameters.

But given the time, perhaps the best way is to modify the previous code's initial guess generation to include more structured patterns and adjust the optimization steps to find better solutions.

For example, instead of generating random pulses, create pulses with fixed parameters, such as widths and positions, that are spaced to minimize overlaps. Or generate a function that is a combination of multiple pulses with certain properties.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess that is based on the current best, but slightly modified.

Another idea: instead of adding random guesses, focus on creating structured guesses, like a function with regularly spaced high areas. For example, for a given number of high intervals, spaced evenly across [0, 2], with widths that sum to 1.

But how to implement that? For example, if we have m intervals, each of width w = 1/m, spaced evenly. Then, h(x) would be 1 in each interval and 0 elsewhere. However, this might not be optimal.

But perhaps combining this idea with some optimization, allowing the widths and positions to vary.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to code.

Given the time constraints, I'll proceed to modify the previous code by improving the initial guess generation and optimization steps. For example, adding more structured initial guesses, adjusting the differential evolution parameters, and refining the solution more thoroughly.

So, the steps for the code could be:

- Use the initial_h_values.

- Generate more structured initial guesses, such as a combination of pulses with fixed parameters.

- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters to explore the search space.

- Perform refinement with SLSQP, possibly increasing the number of iterations.

- Ensure that the code fits within the time budget.

Thus, the modified code would include:

- More structured initial guesses.

- Adjusted differential evolution parameters.

- More refinement steps.

But given the previous code's structure, perhaps the main change would be in generating more informed initial guesses.

For example, instead of random phases, generating pulses with certain frequencies and duty cycles, such as 1/3, 1/2, 2/3, etc., which may lead to better overlaps.

Alternatively, generating pulses with fixed frequencies and adjusting their duty cycles.

But this is speculative. Another idea is to use a different function for generating pulses, such as using a fixed number of pulses with optimal spacing.

However, without concrete knowledge of the optimal structure, it's challenging.

Given the time, the best course is to adjust the previous code by improving the initial guess generation and optimization parameters, and returning a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty, phase, n_points):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip((np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x + phase) + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty, phase, n_points):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1 + phase) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty, phase, n_points):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1 + phase) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 10]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5, np.random.uniform(), n_points))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty, np.random.uniform(), n_points))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty, np.random.uniform(), n_points))
    guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))
    guesses.append(np.zeros(n_points) + 0.5)
    guesses.append(np.zeros(n_points) + 0.3)
    guesses.append(np.zeros(n_points) + 0.7)
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=40, maxiter=30,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 1.0), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```