<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of different functions like sine, pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves, then optimized using SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, I should understand the problem better. The goal is to find a step function h: [0,2] → [0,1] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k is minimized. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)*(1-h(x+k)) dx. The maximum of this over k is C₅, and we need to minimize that.

The previous code starts with an initial guess and tries various functions as initial points, then uses optimization. But maybe I can think of a different starting point or optimization strategy. Let me consider possible approaches.

One idea is to use a more structured approach, like a periodic function or a specific pattern that can be adjusted. Since the interval is [0,2], maybe using a function that has some symmetry or periodicity could help. For example, maybe a function that is piecewise constant with certain intervals set to 0 or 1, arranged to minimize the maximum overlap.

Another thought: the problem is similar to optimizing for maximum overlap, which is related to avoiding certain shifts. So perhaps the optimal h has regions where it's 1 and then 0, arranged in such a way that overlapping with shifted versions is minimized. But how to model that?

The current code uses a variety of guess functions. Maybe I can create a new set of guess functions. For example, instead of sine waves, maybe use pulse trains with specific duty cycles, or functions that have certain properties.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm approach, where we start with multiple candidate solutions and evolve them. However, the previous code used differential evolution and SLSQP, which might not be as effective as a more tailored approach.

Wait, the problem is a constrained optimization problem. The current code uses constraints to maintain the integral. But maybe using a different optimization method or adjusting the constraints could help.

Another angle: the overlap integral for a given shift k is the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k))dx. Since h is a step function, maybe we can model it as a set of intervals where h(x) is 0 or 1, and then compute the overlap for different shifts. However, with n_points samples, the exact analysis might be complex.

But for the code, the previous approach uses numerical optimization with random initial guesses. Perhaps I can improve that by using a better initial guess. The code starts with initial_h_values, which might be a good starting point, but maybe generating more diverse initial guesses would help.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given, so I can use that as a starting point. The code also generates various sine, pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves as initial guesses. Maybe adding more types of functions could help. For example, maybe a square wave with varying duty cycles, or functions that are combinations of different waveforms.

Also, the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe the optimization parameters can be adjusted. For example, using a larger population size in differential evolution, or adjusting the mutation and recombination rates. However, the time budget is tight, so maybe a more efficient algorithm is needed.

Alternatively, could I use a different optimization method? For example, a gradient-based method like BFGS, but I need to make sure that the constraints are handled properly. However, with the constraints being the integral, which is a linear constraint, perhaps using a method that handles constraints better, like Sequential Quadratic Programming (SQP).

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with some options. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in SLSQP or adjusting the tolerance could lead to better results. But how much time would that take?

Another thought: the overlap integral is maximized over all shifts k. To minimize this maximum, the function h should be designed such that for any shift, the overlap is low. This is similar to a covering problem or a hitting set problem. Maybe designing h to have certain properties like being spread out over the interval, avoiding large regions where it's 1 or 0.

But how to translate that into a function? Perhaps a function that is 1 for certain intervals and 0 for others, arranged so that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, if h is 1 on [0, a], [b, c], etc., then shifting by k would overlap these regions with the 0 regions.

But designing such a function could be complex. Maybe a better approach is to use a structured initial guess that has this property. For example, a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in certain intervals, but with specific lengths to minimize overlaps.

Another idea: use a function that has a repeating pattern, but with varying lengths. For example, a function that has a period of 2 units, but with different duty cycles. However, the integral constraint might make some patterns harder to adjust.

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of the overlap integral. For the maximum overlap integral, we can think of it as the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since the integral over x is from 0 to 2, and x + k is a shifted version. If k is within [0, 2], then the overlap region would be overlapping parts of h(x) and 1 - h(x + k).

To minimize the maximum of this over k, perhaps the optimal h is such that for any shift k, the overlap is balanced. This is similar to a problem in signal processing where you want to design a signal that has low cross-correlation with itself, but in this case, it's more about the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h shifted.

In signal processing terms, the overlap integral for shift k is the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h. So, we want to minimize the maximum value of this cross-correlation. This is similar to designing a function with low cross-correlation, which is a known problem. For example, in the case of binary sequences, you want to minimize the maximum autocorrelation, which is related to the concept of Barker codes. However, this is for binary sequences (0 and 1), and our problem allows for step functions with possible intermediate values (but in the code, the samples are discrete).

But the problem here is that our h is a step function, but with a continuous domain. However, since the code uses discrete samples, maybe we can model it as a binary sequence. Wait, the code uses a step function with samples, but the function is constructed from step values, not necessarily binary. However, the initial_h_values is a step function with values in 0 and 1, but maybe the code can use higher precision values.

Wait, the initial_h_values might have values other than 0 and 1. For example, if it's a step function with 0s and 1s, but the code allows for any values in [0,1]. Maybe allowing some intermediate values between 0 and 1 could lead to better results. But how?

Alternatively, maybe the optimal function is a set of intervals where h is 1 for some parts and 0 for others, arranged such that when shifted, they don't overlap much. But since the integral is fixed, the total area under h is 1. For example, if the function is 1 for a length of 1 and 0 otherwise, the integral is 1. But shifting it would create overlaps, leading to higher overlap integrals.

But maybe using multiple intervals. For example, having two intervals where h is 1, each of length 0.5, placed in such a way that shifting them causes minimal overlap. But how to model this?

Alternatively, think of the problem as covering the interval [0,2] with intervals where h(x) is 1, such that when shifted, the overlapping areas with the 0 regions are minimized.

But designing such intervals is challenging. Maybe using a greedy algorithm: place intervals where they are spaced apart as much as possible. For example, placing each 1-interval separated by a certain distance.

But again, how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem. The code's current approach is to use numerical optimization on the samples of h, with constraints.

Another idea: the previous code uses a large number of initial guesses, which might be inefficient. Instead, generating a few diverse initial points and then focusing on optimizing them might be more effective. Also, using a different optimization method. For example, instead of SLSQP, use a more global optimization method like genetic algorithms, but with a larger population.

But given the time constraints, maybe combining differential evolution with SLSQP would be better. The previous code uses differential evolution for a few iterations and then refines with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution, or adjusting parameters.

Another possible improvement: instead of using the initial_h_values as the initial guess, maybe use multiple initial guesses based on different patterns. For example, a function that is 1 for a certain fraction of the interval, and 0 otherwise. Or functions that have peaks and valleys.

But given the code's structure, the main challenge is to generate better initial guesses and optimize them effectively. Also, the code's current approach may get stuck in local optima. To avoid that, the code uses multiple initial guesses, which is good, but maybe generating more varied guesses could help.

Wait, the code generates guesses for different frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe adding more types of functions or adjusting the parameters for those functions could generate better initial points. For example, using a mix of more complex waveforms or introducing randomness in the generation.

Alternatively, perhaps the code could use a different initial guess derived from the initial_h_values. For example, perturbing the initial_h_values slightly or applying some transformation.

Another approach: since the overlap integral is maximized over k, maybe the maximum occurs at specific shifts. For example, shifts that align the regions where h is 1 with the regions where 1 - h is 1 (i.e., where h is 0). So, to minimize this maximum, the function should be designed to have these regions as spaced as possible.

But how to model that in the code. Perhaps during optimization, the code can focus on particular shifts, but that's not feasible for a general solution.

Alternatively, the code could use a more efficient optimization method that handles the constraints better. For example, using a gradient-based method with a more accurate estimation of the gradient, leading to faster convergence.

Another thought: the current code uses the maximum of the cross-correlation, which is the same as the maximum of the overlap integral. Maybe there's a way to model this problem as a convex optimization problem, but since the overlap integral is non-convex, it's unlikely. However, for the sake of trying, perhaps some relaxation of the problem could be considered, but this might complicate things.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is a min-max problem, maybe converting it into a single optimization problem by introducing a variable for the maximum and then minimizing that variable, subject to constraints that for all k, the overlap integral is less than or equal to that variable. But since there are infinitely many k, this is not directly feasible. However, in practice, the code evaluates the cross-correlation over the samples, which gives an approximation of the maximum overlap integral. So the code approximates the maximum by checking the cross-correlation over the shifts corresponding to the samples.

But the previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. However, the maximum of these values is taken. So the code is optimizing over the samples to minimize this maximum. The problem is that the cross-correlation is computed for all k such that x + k is within the interval [0, 2], which may correspond to different shifts. But with the samples, this is finite.

But perhaps there's a better way to approximate the maximum. For example, considering shifts that correspond to certain intervals, which could be more efficient. But the code's current method is straightforward.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient evaluation of the overlap integral. Since the code uses np.correlate, which is efficient, but maybe there's a way to vectorize the calculations or use FFT-based methods to compute the cross-correlation, which might be faster. However, in the current code, it's already using numpy's correlate, which is efficient.

So, given all these considerations, what can be changed in the code?

One idea is to adjust the initial guesses to include more diverse functions. For example, generating functions with different structures. The previous code tried sine, pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding a function based on a square wave with different duty cycles, or combining multiple waveforms.

Alternatively, using a more structured initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values may already be a good starting point, so perhaps focusing on optimizing that with more intensive methods.

Another possibility is to use a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a more sophisticated selection process, but given the time constraints, it's hard to implement such a method within the code's structure.

Wait, the code has a time budget of 100 seconds. The previous code runs differential evolution for a few iterations and then uses SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution would allow for better exploration of the search space, but this would take more time. Alternatively, using a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP with more iterations.

Another idea: during the optimization, using a different set of constraints. The current code uses a single constraint that the sum of h is equal to n_points / 2. This is correct. But maybe the way the objective function is evaluated can be optimized. For example, precomputing the cross-correlation once and then using it for evaluation.

Wait, the obj function is defined as the maximum of the cross-correlation multiplied by dx. The cross-correlation is calculated for each evaluation. However, the code could compute it once and then use it for optimization. But the code is already doing that.

Alternatively, using the fact that the cross-correlation is symmetric and only evaluating certain shifts. But the current code uses the full cross-correlation, which may be computationally expensive for large n_points. However, since the previous code uses n_points up to around 1k, it's manageable.

Given all these considerations, perhaps the code can be improved by:

1. Using a more diverse set of initial guesses.
2. Adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP for better convergence.
3. Using a better starting point based on the initial_h_values.
4. Optimizing more intensively by increasing the number of iterations in the optimization steps.
5. Using a different optimization method or combining multiple methods.

Let me try to adjust the code. The current code generates a lot of initial guesses but maybe some of them are redundant. For example, the pulse function and sine function could be combined with varying parameters.

Additionally, the code uses multiple calls to slsqp_guess, which is a function that attempts to optimize a guess. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could lead to better results. But generating more initial guesses may take more time, and the code already has a limit.

Alternatively, the code could use the initial_h_values as a stronger starting point and then perturb it slightly. For example, using the initial_h_values as the first guess and then exploring nearby points.

Another possible adjustment: the previous code uses various functions like gen_pulses, gen_saw, etc. Maybe adding a new function that is a combination of these, or using a more mathematical approach. For example, generating a function that has a certain number of peaks or valleys.

But considering the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the initial guesses and the optimization parameters. For example, in the previous code, the guesses include different frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe increasing the number of guesses or exploring different parameter values.

Wait, the code's guesses include:

- gen_pulses for frequencies 2-10 and duty 0.5
- gen_saw for duty 0.2-0.6 with frequency 3
- gen_triangle for duty 0.2-0.6 with frequency 3
- gen_sine for frequencies 2-10 and duty 0.5

But maybe generating more functions with different parameters. For example, using different frequencies or varying the duty cycles more.

Alternatively, generating a function that is a combination of sine and square waves. However, this may complicate the code.

Alternatively, using a different approach for generating initial guesses. For example, creating a function that is 0.5 + something periodic, with varying amplitudes and frequencies, to create patterns that could lead to lower overlap.

But considering the code's structure, the main changes would be in the guess generation and the optimization parameters.

Another idea: instead of using the full cross-correlation, maybe just the maximum value of the cross-correlation is what's needed. But the code already uses that.

Another possible optimization: the previous code uses SLSQP with a maxiter of 300. Maybe increasing this or using a different tolerance could allow for better solutions.

In the current code, the first step is to call optimize.minimize with SLSQP, with a maxiter of 300 and ftol of 1e-10. Then, after some iterations, it uses differential evolution to generate new points and then refine them with SLSQP again.

Perhaps the code could focus more on the SLSQP steps, using more iterations. Alternatively, using a better initial guess from the initial_h_values.

Another point to consider: the initial_h_values could be the best starting point. So the code should first optimize this starting point intensively, using SLSQP, and then try other initial guesses. Maybe the previous code starts with the initial_h_values and other guesses, but the initial guess is not explored thoroughly enough.

So, modifying the code to first optimize the initial_h_values with more iterations, and then try other guesses. This way, the best solution may come from the initial guess rather than the generated ones.

Alternatively, the code could use a multi-start approach with the initial_h_values and other variations.

Putting it all together, here's a plan for modifying the code:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as the primary guess.
2. Perform multiple SLSQP optimizations on it, possibly with increasing maxiter.
3. Generate additional initial guesses based on variations of the initial_h_values, like smoothed versions or different frequencies.
4. Use differential evolution with optimized parameters to explore the search space more thoroughly.
5. Use a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution, with more iterations and better parameters.

Also, tweak the parameters for the optimization, such as increasing the population size in differential evolution, adjusting the mutation and recombination rates for better exploration.

Additionally, the code could use a better way to generate the initial guesses. For example, instead of using random functions, maybe creating functions that are based on the initial_h_values.

But given the time constraints, the best approach is to modify the existing code to improve the initial guesses and the optimization steps.

Let me try to adjust the code accordingly. Here's a step-by-step plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Perform several SLSQP optimizations with different parameters.
- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters.
- Generate more diverse initial guesses by varying the parameters of the existing functions.
- Increase the number of iterations in the optimization steps.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with various functions. Perhaps adding more frequencies or duty cycles would generate better initial points.

Another possible change is to use a different initial guess that is a combination of the initial_h_values and other functions. For example, taking the initial_h_values and perturbing it slightly.

But the code is already using the initial_h_values as a guess. So, perhaps the main improvements are in the optimization process.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed set of guesses. Maybe using a random initial guess could help in some cases. However, the code already uses the initial_h_values, which is probably a good starting point.

Considering that, here's how the modified code would look:

- Increase the number of iterations for SLSQP.
- Adjust the parameters for differential evolution.
- Generate more diverse initial guesses by varying frequencies and duty cycles.
- Use more aggressive optimization steps.

In the code, the number of guesses is fixed. Maybe adding more guesses could help, but with time constraints, it's better to optimize the existing guesses.

Another possible change is to use the initial_h_values as the first guess and then use SLSQP with more iterations. For example, the previous code does a few SLSQP optimizations on initial guesses, but maybe more iterations would help.

In the current code, the first loop is over the guesses, and for each, it runs SLSQP with 300 iterations. Then, after that, runs differential evolution followed by more SLSQP steps.

Perhaps increasing the number of iterations in the SLSQP steps would lead to better convergence.

Additionally, the code has a loop that runs differential evolution for a few iterations and then refines with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of differential evolution iterations would allow exploring more of the search space.

Putting all these considerations into the code, here's the plan for the modified code:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as the primary guess.
2. Perform multiple SLSQP optimizations on the initial_h_values.
3. Generate a broader set of initial guesses with varying parameters.
4. Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters to find better initial points.
5. Refine with SLSQP using more iterations or different options.
6. Track the best solution found during the process.

In terms of code changes, this would involve modifying the guesses generation to include more parameters and adjusting the optimization steps.

But given that the user is asking for a code block, the previous code is already quite complex. The main changes would be to:

- Generate more initial guesses with different parameters.
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP.
- Possibly increase the number of iterations.

Now, implementing these changes in the code.

For example, in the guesses generation, adding more frequencies for pulses and sawtooth functions. Also, including different duty cycles. For example, in the previous code, the gen_pulses is for frequencies 2-10 and duty 0.5. Maybe vary the duty cycle for pulses as well.

Also, adding more functions, like a square wave, or using combinations.

But given the code's structure, perhaps adding more guesses would help. However, with the time budget, it's better to optimize the existing guesses and adjust the parameters.

Another thought: the previous code uses n_points=45, which may be too small. The user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. However, the previous code uses n_points=45. Wait, the initial_h_values is given as a starting point. Assuming that the initial_h_values has length 45, but the user may be able to use a larger n_points. However, the code as written always uses the initial_h_values as the starting point, so the initial_h_values must be provided.

But if the initial_h_values has length 45, then the code uses that. However, the user's previous code used that and achieved a bound of 0.381142. The current target is to get lower than 0.380876.

So, to find a better solution, maybe using a higher n_points would allow for a better approximation of the optimal function. However, the user's previous code uses 45 samples. But the code's initial_h_values may have n_points=45. Increasing n_points might be better, but the code's current approach with 45 samples could be insufficient. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, but with the budget of 100 seconds, perhaps using a larger n_points would be feasible.

But the problem says to preferably use sequences with less than 1k samples, and the code with n_points=45 is acceptable. So perhaps the code as written is using n_points=45, and perhaps the initial_h_values is of that length.

Therefore, the code can continue with n_points=45. So the main task is to optimize the initial guesses and the optimization steps.

So, adjusting the code to generate more guesses and adjust the optimization parameters.

Another possible change: using more iterations in the differential evolution. For example, increasing the maxiter from 50 to 100 or more, and possibly increasing the population size. However, the previous code uses popsize=100, which may be sufficient.

But the code's current differential evolution step is run for a few iterations and then the best solution is refined with SLSQP. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution would allow finding a better solution.

Another idea is to use a more aggressive mutation and recombination in differential evolution, which may help escape local optima.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is called with mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.9. Maybe adjusting these parameters to (0.5, 1.0) or (0.8, 1.0) to explore more of the space.

In addition, after differential evolution, the code runs SLSQP again, which can help refine the solution.

Another potential change is to use the initial_h_values as one of the guesses and then use the differential evolution to find better points based on that.

So, the plan is to generate more initial guesses, adjust the differential evolution parameters, and run more optimization steps.

Now, modifying the code accordingly.

In the guesses generation section, adding more frequencies or duty cycles for the generated functions. For example, using more frequencies for the pulse and sin functions.

Additionally, adjusting the parameters for differential evolution.

Another idea is to use the initial_h_values as one of the initial guesses, and also generate variations based on it. For example, perturbing the initial_h_values slightly.

However, generating such variations may be time-consuming, but the code can do it algorithmically.

But given the time constraints, it's better to focus on the existing guesses and optimization steps.

So, here's the modified code:

Increase the number of iterations for SLSQP, adjust the differential evolution parameters, and generate more initial guesses. For example, add more frequencies and duty cycles in the generated functions.

The revised code would then have a better chance of finding a lower C₅ bound.

In summary, the changes to the code would be:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses by adding more frequencies and duty cycles.
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution to explore more thoroughly.
- Increase the number of iterations for the optimization steps.
- Use the initial_h_values as a primary starting point.

By implementing these changes, the code should be able to find a lower C₅ bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_sine(freq, amp):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(amp * np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x) + 0.5, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
        guesses.append(gen_sine(freq, 0.5))
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.5))
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.5))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 600, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 60:
            break
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 1.0), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```