<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best known is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than that, like 0.380876. The previous code uses differential evolution and SLSQP refinement, but maybe there's a better approach.

First, let me understand the problem again. We need to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k is minimized. The overlap integral is calculated as the convolution of h and 1-h, multiplied by dx. So, the goal is to make sure that for every possible shift k, the integral of h(x)*(1-h(x+k)) dx is as small as possible.

The previous code starts with an initial guess (initial_h_values) and uses differential evolution to find a better solution, then refines it with SLSQP. But maybe this approach is getting stuck in local minima. So perhaps I should try different optimization strategies or start points.

Another thought: maybe the initial construction isn't optimal. If I can generate different starting points, maybe I can find a better solution. For example, maybe using a more structured approach, like dividing the interval into different regions with certain patterns.

I remember that for similar problems, using periodic or symmetric functions can help. Maybe the optimal h has some symmetry. Also, considering that the integral is 1, we need to spread the function h such that it's not too concentrated in any region, to minimize overlap when shifted.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points) based on initial_h_values. Maybe using a different n_points could help? For example, if I can use a smaller n_points, the optimization might be faster. But the problem says that smaller sequences (less than 1k) are preferred. The initial is 45 points, so maybe I can try that.

But perhaps the issue is the optimization algorithm. Differential evolution can be slow and might not explore the space effectively. Maybe using a different method, like simulated annealing, or a genetic algorithm? Or maybe a combination of global and local search methods.

Alternatively, since the problem is a constrained optimization problem (sum of h is fixed, each h_i between 0 and 1), maybe using a more efficient solver like IPOPT or another interior-point method. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe combining with global search steps could help.

Another angle: the overlap integral for a given h is the maximum over all k of the convolution. To minimize this maximum, perhaps we can model it as a min-max problem. However, solving this directly with optimization is challenging.

Perhaps I can use a grid search over possible shift values, but that's not feasible for real-time optimization. Alternatively, since the integral is over x, and the shift is k, the maximum occurs for certain k's. Maybe those k's are related to the period of the step function.

Wait, the problem involves shifts k. For the function h(x), the maximum overlap could occur when a shift k aligns regions where h is high with regions where 1 - h is high. So, to minimize this, we need h to be as "spread out" as possible. Maybe using a checkerboard pattern or repeating segments.

But how to model this in code? Maybe trying to create a function with multiple segments, each of length L, where h alternates between high and low values. For example, if we divide [0,2] into m equal parts, and assign h to be 1 in some parts and 0 in others, such that the total integral is 1. But how to choose m and the pattern to minimize the maximum overlap?

Alternatively, maybe using a function that's 1 in certain intervals and 0 otherwise, arranged to avoid alignment with shifts. However, this is getting into the realm of specific constructions, which might not be straightforward.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal solution has h(x) = 1/2 for some parts, but that's not possible since the integral is 1. Wait, if h(x) is constant, then the integral would be 1, which would require h(x) = 0.5 over [0, 2], but then overlap with any shift would be integral(0.5*(1 -0.5)) dx = 0.5*0.5*2 = 0.5. However, this is worse than the current record, so that's not helpful. Hence, the optimal h must be non-constant.

So, back to optimization. The previous code uses DE and then SLSQP. Maybe switching the order of operations? Or using a different method for refinement. For example, using a global search first, then local refinement.

Another thought: the initial H is given as a starting point. Maybe generating other starting points based on different patterns. For example, creating a starting point with more intervals, or a different alternation of high and low values. However, generating these algorithmically would be important, as per the constraints.

Also, considering that the code has to run within 100 seconds, maybe using parallel optimization or more efficient methods. But with only 1 CPU, that's not helpful. So perhaps focusing on faster local optimization.

Wait, maybe using the scipy.optimize.minimize with a different method, like Nelder-Mead, which is derivative-free and may explore the space better. Or maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach, but that might be more complex.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where the constraints are incorporated into the objective. The previous code uses constraints, but maybe the way the objective is structured can be improved.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the maximum overlap. The current code computes the convolution, then takes the maximum. But maybe there's a way to approximate or find the k that gives the maximum more efficiently. However, since the code already uses the full convolution, which covers all shifts k, that's already handled.

Wait, the convolution of h and 1-h in mode 'full' gives the overlaps for all shifts. So the maximum of that is the value C₅. So the code correctly computes that.

Now, considering the previous code's performance: it uses differential evolution with 20 population, 30 max iter, then refines with SLSQP. Maybe the differential evolution step can be optimized by adjusting parameters. For instance, using a smaller population size, or different mutation rates. But how to choose these parameters?

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values is given, but if we start with a different initial guess, maybe we can find better solutions. For example, creating a starting point with a different pattern, like a more evenly spread out function.

But how to create such a starting point algorithmically? For example, generating a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that the integral is 1. For instance, if we have n_points, say 45, then the total length is 2. To get the integral 1, we need the area under h to be 1. So if we divide [0,2] into intervals where h is 1 or 0, such that the sum of the lengths of the 1 regions is 1.

But for that, we can create a set of intervals where h is 1 for certain lengths and 0 otherwise. However, this might not be optimal. But for the purpose of generating a starting point, perhaps creating such a function could be helpful.

Alternatively, generating a function that's a step function with multiple levels. But again, how to model that algorithmically?

Alternatively, using a random starting point with the required integral. For example, generating random h values with sum equal to n_points/2. But this might not help because the initial guess is already given.

So, perhaps the main issue is the optimization algorithm. Let me think about the previous code's approach: it uses DE and then SLSQP. But maybe DE is too slow or not effective for this problem. Maybe using a different method for the initial global search, like genetic algorithms, but scipy doesn't have a built-in GA. Alternatively, using a Simulated Annealing approach.

Another idea: since the problem is convex? No, the max is a convex function and the constraints are linear, so this is a convex optimization problem? Wait, the objective is the maximum over the convolution values, which complicates things. The max of convex functions is convex. But the problem is to minimize a convex function, which is a convex optimization problem. However, the objective is not differentiable everywhere. So, perhaps using subgradient methods or other techniques. But that might be challenging to implement in code.

Alternatively, maybe using the fact that the maximum is over the convolution values. We can try to approximate this by considering that the maximum occurs for certain values of k, perhaps for shifts that correspond to the largest overlaps. But how to determine those k's?

Alternatively, since the interval is [0,2], the shifts can be from -2 to +2. But in the convolution, the full mode gives all possible shifts. However, the maximum might be achieved for certain shifts, like k=0.5, k=1, etc. Maybe focusing the optimization on those specific shifts could help. But how to do that without knowing them beforehand?

Alternatively, the previous code uses the full convolution, which is correct, but maybe the convolution is too expensive to compute for large n_points. But with n_points=45, it's manageable.

So, what's different in the previous code? It uses DE for global search and then SLSQP for local refinement. Maybe the issue is that DE is not finding the optimal points. So, perhaps trying a different global optimization method, or adjusting parameters.

Another angle: hyperparameter tuning. For example, in DE, the mutation and recombination parameters can be adjusted. Maybe changing the mutation parameters (like (0.7, 0.95)) to something else. Or increasing the population size, but that might take more time.

Alternatively, trying a different approach for the starting point. Maybe the initial_h_values is not the best starting point. For example, if the initial_h_values is a certain structure, but a better starting point could be a step function with more intervals.

But how to generate that starting point? For example, if the initial is a 45-point array, maybe splitting the interval into more intervals with different values. But generating such a starting point programmatically would be needed.

Another idea: since the problem involves minimizing the maximum convolution value, perhaps the optimal h has certain symmetry. For instance, being symmetric around 1.0 in the interval. So maybe constructing a symmetric function could help. For example, creating a starting point that is symmetric, which might lead to lower maximum overlap.

But how to implement that? For example, creating a function that mirrors around the midpoint. For the given initial_h_values, maybe check if it's symmetric and adjust accordingly. However, the initial_h_values is given as a variable, so I can't modify it. But I can generate a symmetric starting point.

Wait, the problem allows me to use an initial_h_values variable if available. But in the code, the initial_h_values is provided. So maybe generating a different starting point that is symmetric could help.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal solution has h(x) with a certain periodicity. For example, if the function is periodic with period 1, then shifting by 1 would lead to some overlap. But not sure.

Alternatively, considering that the interval is [0, 2], perhaps using a function that is 1 for a certain interval and then 0 for another, but arranged such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. But how to design this?

Let me think about the structure of the problem. The optimal h should be as spread out as possible. So, for example, if h is 1 over length a, 0 over length b, then 1 over length a, etc., such that the total length is 1. But with the interval [0,2], maybe a combination of intervals where h is 1 and 0, arranged to avoid overlap with shifts.

But designing such a function requires finding the right pattern and lengths. However, with the given constraints, it's tricky to generate such a function algorithmically.

Perhaps a better approach is to focus on improving the optimization process. For example, using more efficient local search methods, or adjusting the parameters of the DE and SLSQP steps.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a fixed number of refinement steps. Maybe increasing the number of iterations allows for better optimization, but within the time budget. However, the code has a time limit, so I need to find a balance between the number of iterations and the time spent.

Another idea: instead of using differential evolution for the initial search, perhaps using a local search starting from the initial h, and then using some other method. But that might not be effective.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with a modified objective. But since the objective is non-differentiable (due to the max), this is challenging. However, if we can approximate the gradient, perhaps using subgradients.

But implementing this would be more complex. Scipy's optimize.minimize doesn't handle subgradients well.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of the overlap integrals, perhaps we can use a more accurate estimation of the maximum. For example, instead of evaluating the full convolution, which is O(n^2) for each evaluation, but for n=45, it's manageable. However, maybe evaluating only the peaks could help. But I don't know which peaks to check.

Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm for the refinement steps. For example, using the 'BFGS' method with bounds. But BFGS is for unconstrained problems, so adding constraints would be necessary. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is for constrained problems.

Another thought: the current code uses the same bounds for all points. Maybe allowing some points to be fixed could lead to better performance, but that's probably not helpful.

So, considering all these possibilities, perhaps modifying the initial approach by:

1. Using a different initial guess, like a symmetric or patterned function.
2. Adjusting the parameters of differential evolution (mutation and recombination).
3. Using a different method for refinement, perhaps with more iterations.
4. Try different optimization methods, like Nelder-Mead or using a global search followed by local refinement.

But given the time constraints, I need to find a way to modify the existing code to get better results.

Let me consider modifying the code to:

- Start with the initial_h_values, then perform a differential evolution with adjusted parameters, then refine with a different method.

For example, in the previous code, the DE uses popsize=20, maxiter=30. Maybe increasing the maxiter to 50, or changing the mutation parameters.

Alternatively, using a combination of differential evolution and a local optimization.

Another thing: the current code computes the maximum over the correlation, which is the same as the maximum overlap. But the maximum could be achieved for certain k values. If we can predict or focus on those k's, perhaps the optimization can be more efficient. However, without knowing which k's those are, it's hard to implement.

Alternatively, using a different objective function that penalizes the largest overlaps more heavily, but that would likely complicate the optimization.

Another idea: instead of using the full convolution, compute the overlaps for specific k's that are likely to be the maximum. For example, checking shifts around the points where the overlap could be large. But again, without knowing these shifts, this is speculative.

So, back to the code. Maybe the key is to improve the optimization parameters and the starting points. For example, changing the differential evolution parameters, or using a different initial guess.

Given that the previous code had a C₅ value of 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876, I need to find a way to get a lower value.

Another approach: since the problem is similar to a covering problem, maybe using a more structured approach, like dividing the interval into parts where h is high and low in a way that minimizes overlap.

For example, suppose we divide [0,2] into intervals where h is 1 for a certain duration and 0 for others. To achieve the integral of 1, the total area of the 1 regions must be 1. For example, if there are m intervals where h is 1, then sum of their lengths is 1.

If these intervals are positioned such that shifting by any k would not align them well with the 0 intervals. For instance, placing them with certain spacing. However, finding such positions is non-trivial.

But for the purpose of generating a starting point, perhaps creating a step function with several intervals. For example, if we have n_points = 45, then the length of each interval is 2/45, but the area of 1 regions must be 1. So if we have k intervals where h is 1, each of length L, then k*L = 1. But the total length of the intervals can't exceed 2, so k*L ≤ 2. For example, if we have 4 intervals of length 0.25 each, then k*L = 1.0.

But arranging these intervals to minimize overlap. For example, placing them spaced apart. However, creating such a starting point algorithmically is challenging.

An alternative idea: use a sawtooth pattern or a triangular wave. But again, how to code that.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code by adjusting the parameters of the optimization and using a different starting point. For example, generating a starting point with more evenly distributed intervals.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a step function with some structure. Perhaps generating a starting point that is more evenly spread out could help.

For instance, using a function that is 1 for certain intervals and 0 for others, with the intervals spaced out. For example, distributing the 1s evenly across the interval [0,2], such that the sum of their lengths is 1.

But how to code that for a given n_points?

Let's say n_points is 45. The total length is 2. To create intervals where h is 1 for total length 1. Suppose we have k intervals, each of length L. Then k*L = 1. The number of intervals k could vary.

For example, if we use k = 5 intervals, each of length 0.2, then the total length is 1.0. We can place these intervals spaced apart. For example, placing them at positions 0.1, 0.3, 0.5, 0.7, 0.9, and each with length 0.2. This would result in a h function with five 1 regions and the rest 0.

But this is just an example. How to generate this algorithmically?

Another approach: distribute the h values such that they are 1 in certain locations. For example, using a sine function or other waveform. But again, how to code this.

Alternatively, for the starting point, use a function that is 1 in the first m points, then 0, repeating. But this would likely lead to higher overlaps.

But for the purpose of generating a better initial guess, maybe generating a random starting point that satisfies the integral constraint. However, the initial_h_values is provided, and maybe it's better to start from that.

Another Idea: The original code's initial approach may not be exploring the space effectively. Maybe using a different global optimization method, like Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO), which can sometimes find better global minima. However, scipy doesn't have a built-in PSO, but there are other libraries. But since the code must use scipy, perhaps not.

Alternatively, using a more efficient differential evolution setup. For example, changing the mutation and recombination parameters.

In the previous code, the mutation is (0.7, 0.95), which is a range for the mutation factor. Maybe adjusting this to a lower value could help.

Also, the previous code runs differential evolution for 3 iterations and then refines. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in DE and refining steps could help, but the time budget is tight.

Alternatively, using a different method for the initial search. For example, using a local search around the initial guess, then expanding.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code by adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution and the refinement steps.

Let me think about possible changes:

1. Increase the number of iterations in differential evolution.
2. Adjust mutation and recombination parameters.
3. Use a different refinement method.
4. Use a different initial guess (like a symmetric pattern).

But without knowing the exact starting point, it's hard to say. Let me try modifying the code to use a symmetric initial guess.

For example, creating a symmetric function. For the initial_h_values, if it's not symmetric, maybe generating a symmetric one. However, the initial_h_values is provided and should be used directly. So if the initial_h_values is not symmetric, we need to find a way to generate a symmetric one.

But the problem states that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So maybe the initial_h_values is already symmetric, or it's not, but I have no control over that.

Alternatively, generate a symmetric starting point based on the initial_h_values. But again, not sure.

Another Idea: Since the problem involves minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a more regular structure. For example, using a function that is 1 in a pattern that repeats every certain interval. For example, if the function is periodic with period 1, then the overlap with shifts of 1 would be the same as the original function. This might not necessarily lead to lower overlaps, but it could be worth exploring.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to generate such a function.

So, given the time constraints, I'll focus on modifying the existing code to improve the optimization steps. Let me outline the changes:

- Increase the maxiter of differential evolution to 50.
- Use a different mutation factor, like (0.5, 1.0).
- Change the recombination parameter to a different value, like 0.8.
- Perform more refinement steps with SLSQP.

Additionally, perhaps trying different initial guesses. But if the initial_h_values is given, then perhaps we can generate another starting point based on some pattern, like a more evenly spaced function.

For example, generating a starting point where h is 1 in certain evenly spaced intervals. Let's think about that. Suppose we have n_points = 45, which is 2 units long. We need the sum of h to be n_points/2 = 45/2 = 22.5. So, if we have m intervals of length 2/m, and each interval is covered by some number of points. For example, if we divide the interval into 22.5 intervals of length 2/(22.5) ≈ 0.0888. Then, h(x) would be 1 in those intervals and 0 elsewhere. However, with 45 points, this would require selecting points in certain intervals.

But how to code this? Maybe generating a starting point where h is 1 in certain intervals, like alternating between 1 and 0, but with the total sum correct.

Alternatively, using a function where h is 1 for a certain fraction of the domain, arranged to be spread out.

But for the sake of coding, perhaps creating a starting point that is periodically 1 and 0. For example, if we have n_points, and we want h to be 1 in every other point. But this would lead to a total sum of n_points/2. But only if n_points is even, which it's not (45 is odd). For example, in 45 points, if we have 22.5 ones, we need to adjust.

But perhaps using a function where h is 1 for half of the points, which would give sum h = 45/2 = 22.5. This would be a simple starting point.

For example, h = [1 for i in range(22)] + [0.5 for i in range(3)] + [0 for the rest]? Wait, no. For 45 points, sum h should be 22.5. So if I alternate between 1 and 0, but since 45 is odd, it's not possible to have exactly half. For example, for 45 points, we can have 22 ones and 23 zeros, giving a sum of 22, which is less than 22.5. To reach 22.5, we need to have some points with values between 0 and 1.

But this might be complex to implement. Alternatively, create a starting point where h is 1 for half of the points and 0 for the others, and then adjust the remaining points with the required sum.

For example, for 45 points:

number_of_ones = 22 (sum is 22)
remaining = 45 - 22 = 23 points. We need sum h to be 22.5, so need to add 0.5 across these 23 points. So, each of these could be set to 0.5 / 23 ≈ 0.0217, but that's not helping. Alternatively, set 1 point to 1, and the rest to 0. This would increase the sum by 1. So total would be 23, which is over.

This seems complicated. Maybe a better approach is to generate a starting point where h is 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, and then fill in the gaps with intermediate values.

But given time constraints, perhaps this is getting too involved.

So, focusing back on the existing code. Let me try modifying the parameters in the DE step. For example, changing the mutation range and recombination.

Also, in the previous code, the refine function uses SLSQP with maxiter=200. Maybe increasing this number or adjusting the tolerance.

Another Idea: Using a different optimization method for the refinement step. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds, which is more efficient for some problems.

So, modifying the code:

1. Adjust DE parameters.
2. Change the refinement method to use L-BFGS-B.
3. Increase the number of refinement steps.

But I need to implement this in Python code.

Here's how I can modify the code:

- In the DE step, use mutation=(0.5, 0.8) or similar.
- Change the refinement step to use 'L-BFGS-B' method.
- Increase the number of iterations.

But I need to check the available methods in scipy.optimize.minimize. 'L-BFGS-B' is available.

Another change could be to use multiple temperatures in simulated annealing, but that's more complex.

Let me draft the code changes:

In the initial code, the refine function uses SLSQP. Changing it to use L-BFGS-B:

def refine(r):
    res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='L-BFGS-B', bounds=bounds,
                           constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                           options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12})
    return res.x if res.success else r

But this might not be as effective as SLSQP. Alternatively, use 'SLSQP' but with different settings.

Alternatively, try different optimization methods for different stages.

Another modification: increase the maxiter in DE to 50, and increase the refinement iterations.

Also, in the differential evolution step, perhaps increase the population size to 30, or adjust other parameters.

So, the revised code would have:

In the DE parameters:

mutation=(0.5, 0.7), recombination=0.8, maxiter=50

Then, during refinement, using a different method.

Additionally, maybe try different starting points. For example, generating a new initial guess based on a different pattern.

But without access to the initial_h_values, perhaps generating a new starting point algorithmically. For example, a function where h is 1 for a fraction of the points, arranged to be spread out.

For example, perhaps creating a starting point where h is 1 in the first half of the points and 0 in the second, but that may not be optimal.

Alternatively, creating a starting point with h randomly set to 1 or 0, but ensuring the sum is correct. For example, using random choice with replacement, and then adjusting the sum.

But this could be done as follows:

def generate_random_start(n_points):
    h = np.random.rand(n_points)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    current_sum = np.sum(h)
    # Adjust to get the correct sum
    # Not sure, maybe just set to 0.5, but that's not helpful
    # Alternatively, use a simple threshold
    # Or, set h to be 1 for random choices and adjust
    # This is not guaranteed to work, but could be a starting point
    return np.random.choice([0, 1], size=n_points, p=[0.5, 0.5])

But this would give an initial sum that is around 22.5 for n_points=45, but needs adjustment. However, the code requires the sum to be exactly n_points/2. So, this approach may not be suitable, but for the purpose of starting a new optimization, perhaps generating a random binary mask and then scaling to achieve the required sum.

But this is getting complex. Given time constraints, perhaps modifying the existing code with adjusted parameters.

So, the final code would be a modified version of the previous code with changes to the DE parameters and refinement steps.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

The previous code had:

def run(...):
    ...
    res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=20, maxiter=30,
                                         mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)
    ...

Changing the parameters:

popsize=30, maxiter=50, mutation=(0.5, 0.8), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9

Then, in the refinement step, using a different method.

Also, increasing the number of refinement steps.

Thus, the modified code would look something like this, with these adjustments.

Finally, testing whether these changes improve the C₅ value.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='L-BFGS-B', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=30, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.8), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = refine(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```