<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral by finding a suitable step function h. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe there's a better approach. Let me think about how to improve this.

First, the current approach starts with an initial guess and uses local optimization methods. But maybe I can explore different initial points or use more effective optimization strategies. Also, the problem is about minimizing the maximum of a convolution, which might have certain symmetries or patterns that I can exploit.

The Erdős problem is about arranging a function h on [0,2] with integral 1 such that the overlap with h shifted by k is minimized. The overlap is calculated as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The key is to find a function that distributes the 1s in h in a way that when shifted, it overlaps as little as possible with itself.

One idea is to use a periodic or symmetric pattern. For example, maybe using a piecewise constant function with multiple intervals where h is 0 or 1. However, the integral of h over [0,2] must be 1, so the total "area" is fixed. So, the function must have a certain number of 1s and 0s arranged in a way that avoids high overlaps when shifted.

Another approach is to consider the problem as an optimization problem with constraints. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the convolution, which can be challenging. Maybe using a different optimization method like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing could help escape local minima. But since the previous code already uses differential evolution, perhaps tweaking parameters or adding more diverse initial guesses would help.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe combining them with more initial guesses and better parameter tuning could lead to better results. Also, the previous solution had a C5 bound of 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. So, a small improvement is needed.

Another thought: maybe using a different initial construction. The initial_h_values are given, but perhaps generating other starting points could help. For example, using a more evenly spaced pattern, or a combination of pulses and other shapes. The code already has some functions to generate pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more such patterns or varying their parameters could be beneficial.

Alternatively, I can think about the problem in terms of distributing the mass of h such that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized. The overlap integral can be thought of as the area where h(x) is 1 and (1 - h(x + k)) is 1, which is when h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. So the overlap is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. To minimize the maximum over all shifts, the function h needs to avoid being 1 in regions that shift into regions where it's 0, and vice versa.

This sounds similar to a covering problem. Maybe the optimal h is a set of intervals that are placed such that their shifted versions don't overlap much. For example, if h is 1 on certain intervals, then the shifted versions should have minimal overlap with those intervals. But since the total area is 1, the length of those intervals must be chosen carefully.

Another idea: the problem is similar to designing a set of intervals with total length 1 such that when shifted by any amount, the overlap is minimized. This might relate to the concept of "uniform" distributions or optimal spacing.

But perhaps a better approach is to use a numerical optimization method that's more efficient. The previous code used differential evolution with a population size of 80 and max 50 iterations. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but that might take more time. However, the time budget is limited, so I need to balance between exploration and computation.

Wait, the previous code also uses SLSQP refinement steps. Maybe I can make the optimization process more thorough. For example, using more diverse initial guesses and allowing more iterations.

Another angle: the current code uses a fixed set of initial guesses, like pulses and sawtooth waves. Maybe generating more initial configurations, such as combinations of different pulse patterns or varying the parameters like frequencies and duties, could lead to a better starting point.

Also, the code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 45). Maybe trying different n_points could help. But the problem says smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. However, the initial code uses n_points = 45. If I can find a better solution with a smaller n_points, that would be better. But I need to check if the current code uses a fixed n_points. Looking at the previous code, initial_h_values is given, which has 45 points. So, the code uses that n_points. But in the problem statement, the user wants to use smaller sequences. So perhaps generating a smaller n_points could be better. However, the initial solution might have a better structure at 45 points. But the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. Maybe trying with n_points=30 or 50 could help, but the code is already using 45. Maybe the code can be modified to try different numbers of points?

Wait, but in the previous code, the initial_h_values is fixed. So maybe the code can't change the number of points. Therefore, the n_points is fixed. But the problem allows the code to use any n_points, but prefers smaller ones. However, if the initial_h_values is given with 45 points, then the code must use that. Therefore, the code can't change the n_points. So the code uses 45 points, which is acceptable.

So, given that, perhaps the code can be optimized further. Maybe the current approach can be modified by using a different optimization strategy, like using a more efficient local optimizer, or using a combination of different methods.

Another thought: the convolution is calculated as np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full'), and then multiplied by dx. The maximum of this is the C5 value. So the objective is to minimize the max of this. Maybe the function can be rephrased as a constrained optimization problem where the maximum is minimized.

But solving this as a minimax problem is challenging. Perhaps using a penalty method where we minimize the maximum with a penalty term. Alternatively, using a robust optimization approach.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions (each corresponding to a shift k), maybe we can use a sequential approach where we first minimize the overlap for the most significant shifts and then refine the solution.

Wait, but the maximum over all k is the value we need to minimize. So, the problem is equivalent to finding h that minimizes the maximum of the overlaps for all shifts. This is a classic problem in optimization and can be approached with various techniques.

Another idea: using a gradient-based method, but since the objective is a max of a convolution, which is not differentiable everywhere, this might be tricky. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which can handle constraints and differentiable objectives. But the obj function in the previous code uses the max of the convolution, which is non-differentiable, so maybe the optimization isn't effective. Wait, but the np.correlate produces a vector, and then taking the maximum of that. So the objective function is non-differentiable, which could cause issues for gradient-based methods. Therefore, perhaps using a local optimizer like SLSQP may not be the best approach, and a global optimizer like differential evolution could be better.

In the previous code, differential evolution is used as a global optimizer to find a better initial guess, and then SLSQP is used for refinement. However, the parameters for differential evolution are fixed. Maybe adjusting the parameters, like increasing the population size or the mutation range, could help find better solutions faster.

Alternatively, maybe using a different global optimization method, like genetic algorithms, which can explore the search space more thoroughly. But scipy doesn't have a built-in genetic algorithm, so that's not directly available.

Another angle: perhaps using random restarts with different initial configurations. The previous code generates several initial guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, and triangles, and also includes a random guess. Maybe adding more diverse initial configurations or varying the parameters could help find a better solution.

Additionally, the current code uses a fixed set of frequencies and duties for generating the pulses and sawtooth waves. Perhaps varying these parameters more widely could generate better initial configurations.

Also, the code uses a fixed number of iterations for the differential evolution. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the population size could lead to better results. However, this would take more time, which is constrained by the budget.

Another thought: the overlap integral for k=0 is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx, which is the same as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx. Since the integral of h(x) is 1, this value is the same as integrating h(x) - h(x)^2, which is the area under the curve minus the square. This would be minimized when h(x) is as uniform as possible. But the other shifts (k≠0) are more important for the maximum. So, perhaps the function should avoid having overlapping regions when shifted.

But how to model this? Maybe the optimal h is a function that's 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, such that when shifted, the intervals don't overlap much. For example, if h is 1 on [a, a + l1], [b, b + l2], etc., with total length 1, then shifting these intervals could create overlaps. The goal is to place these intervals such that when shifted, they don't overlap much.

But this is a combinatorial problem. For example, if h is a step function with m intervals, each of length l_i, then the total sum of l_i is 1. The shifts that could cause overlaps are those where the intervals are close to each other. So, arranging the intervals in a way that they are spaced out as much as possible.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? Perhaps using a greedy algorithm to place intervals, but this may not be effective.

Given that, perhaps the initial approach of using a step function with a certain number of intervals is not the way to go, but rather using a more continuous function that spreads out the 1s as much as possible.

Alternatively, maybe using a periodic function with certain symmetry properties. For example, a function that repeats every 2 units with a certain pattern. But the integral over [0,2] is 1, so the pattern must be designed carefully.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap for any shift, maybe the optimal solution is a function that is as uniform as possible. However, the integral constraint requires that the average value is 1/2, since the integral over [0,2] is 1 and the length is 2. Wait, the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, so the average value is 1/2. So, if h is a constant function 0.5, then the overlap integral for any k would be the integral of 0.5*(1 - 0.5) dx = 0.25*2 = 0.5. But the known C5 bound is lower than that, so there must be better functions.

But how to design such a function? The optimal function would have a higher variance but arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. For example, if h is 1 in intervals of length l, and 0 elsewhere, but spaced out so that shifting them by any k doesn't cause overlap. However, with the total area being 1, this would require that the sum of the lengths of the intervals is 1, and their spacing is such that when shifted by any k, they don't overlap. But this is impossible unless the intervals are arranged in a very specific way.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal function has a structure where the intervals are arranged in such a way that for any shift, the overlap is limited. For example, a function with two intervals placed symmetrically, but this would still not avoid overlaps for all shifts.

Given that, perhaps focusing back on the numerical optimization approach is better. Let me think about the previous code again. It uses a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP for refinement. The differential evolution step is used to generate initial guesses, and then SLSQP is used for refinement.

Perhaps the way to improve is to use more initial guesses and allow more refinement steps. Also, the current code uses a fixed set of initial guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help.

Another idea: instead of using fixed functions like pulses and sawtooth, generate random initial points that satisfy the integral constraint. But the code already includes a random guess. However, generating more random points with different structures might help.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess that is more structured. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and setting h to 1 in some of them, ensuring the total area is 1.

Wait, let's think about the initial_h_values. The initial construction is taken from the parent, which may have a certain structure. The current code starts with that and modifies it. But perhaps generating a different initial structure could lead to better results.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of the convolution, maybe we can model this as a problem of minimizing the maximum of a set of objectives. Each objective corresponds to a shift k, but there are infinitely many k. However, in practice, we can sample some shifts k that are likely to maximize the overlap. For example, considering shifts that are multiples of the interval spacing, or shifts that align with the function's features.

But how to handle this numerically? It's complex. Perhaps the previous code is already handling this by calculating the full convolution, which includes all possible shifts. However, the maximum of that convolution corresponds to the maximum overlap for any shift.

So, the previous code's objective function is to minimize the max of the convolution, which is correct.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 45). Maybe increasing the number of points could lead to a better solution, but the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. However, if the initial solution is already at 45 points, perhaps using that is better. However, the previous code's initial_h_values is 45 points, so the code is fixed to that.

Another idea: perhaps using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method instead of SLSQP, as it can handle bounds more effectively. Or using a hybrid approach that combines different methods.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which could be more efficient in the limited time budget. However, scipy doesn't have built-in Bayesian optimization methods.

Another angle: the overlap integral for different shifts can be considered. For example, the maximum overlap might occur for certain shifts, like k=1, 0.5, or others. If the code could focus on optimizing for these key shifts, maybe it could find a better solution. But since the maximum is over all k, it's not clear which shifts are critical.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is used with a population size of 80 and maxiter=50. Maybe increasing the maxiter could help, but that takes more time. However, the code has a budget of 100 seconds. If the current approach is already using the time efficiently, maybe there's room for improvement.

Another idea: the previous code uses slsqp_guess to refine the solution, but it's possible that multiple refinement steps could help. The current code does 5 refinement steps. Maybe more steps could help further improve the solution.

Alternatively, maybe the code can try different optimization methods for different stages of the search. For example, using differential evolution for global exploration and then applying a local optimizer for refinement.

In terms of code structure, the current code uses a fixed set of initial guesses and applies differential evolution to generate better points, then uses SLSQP to refine. Maybe adding more initial guesses or varying the parameters for the differential evolution could help.

Another possibility: generating initial guesses based on the initial_h_values. For example, applying minor perturbations to the initial guess, or creating variants of it by modifying certain points. This could lead to new configurations that are more optimal.

Another thing to consider: the current code has a function gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, which generate different waveform-like functions. These could be used as initial guesses. Perhaps varying the frequency and duty cycle parameters for these functions could generate more diverse initial points.

For example, in the previous code, the frequencies tried are 2,3,...,10, and duties 0.2-0.6. Maybe expanding these ranges could generate better initial guesses. Alternatively, generating more of these functions with different parameters.

Also, perhaps considering functions that are combinations of different waveforms. For example, combining a pulse and a triangle wave.

Another idea: using the initial_h_values as a starting point but perturbing it in different ways. For example, adding noise, or rearranging some intervals.

In summary, the code could be improved by:

1. Expanding the set of initial guesses to include more diverse functions (higher frequencies, more varying parameters).
2. Tweak the parameters of differential evolution to allow more thorough exploration.
3. Increase the number of refinement steps or use different optimization methods for refinement.
4. Try different types of initial configurations that are more likely to lead to good solutions.

Now, to implement this in code, the steps would involve modifying the initial guesses, adjusting the differential evolution parameters, and possibly adding more refinement steps.

The current code generates a list of guesses, including the initial h, pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random guesses. Expanding this list could help. For example, include more frequencies or more duty cycles.

Also, the code uses a maxiter of 50 for differential evolution. Maybe increasing that, but keeping the population size reasonable to avoid exceeding the time budget.

Additionally, the code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe changing the options, like increasing the maxiter or ftol, could lead to better refinement.

Another thing to note is that the code's evaluation is done via np.correlate. The full mode returns a convolution that includes all possible shifts. However, the maximum of this could be dominated by certain shifts. Maybe the code could focus on optimizing for shifts that are most critical, but this is unclear.

In the new code, I'll try to:

- Generate more initial guesses by adding more frequencies and duty cycles.
- Adjust the differential evolution parameters to have a larger population or more iterations.
- Add more refinement steps using SLSQP.
- Possibly use a different initial guess, like modifying the initial_h_values with some perturbations.

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization method for the initial search, like the genetic algorithm. However, scipy doesn't have this. Alternatively, using a more efficient global optimization method.

But given the time constraints, the best approach might be to enhance the existing code by expanding the initial guesses and adjusting the optimization parameters.

So, in code:

- Expand the range of frequencies and duties in the generated initial guesses.
- Increase the mutation and recombination parameters in differential evolution.
- Add more initial guesses, such as using different waveforms or combinations.
- Allow more refinement steps.

Let me outline the code modifications:

1. In the guesses part, expand the frequencies and duties for the generated functions. For example, use more frequencies like up to 15, and more duty cycles.

2. Increase the maxiter for differential evolution to allow more exploration.

3. Modify the refinement steps to have more iterations.

Additionally, perhaps use a different initial guess based on the initial_h_values, but with some modifications.

But since the code is already using the initial_h_values, perhaps generating more initial guesses would suffice.

Another possible change: in the previous code, the initial guesses are generated with random phases. Maybe using more structured phases or varying them systematically.

Also, the current code has 3 refinement steps. Maybe increasing that to 10 or more, but ensuring that the time budget isn't exceeded.

Another thing to consider: the current code has a function called evaluate_erdos_solution, which may be used to compute the C5 value. But the code already does that via the obj function.

In the new code, I'll adjust the initial guess generation and optimization parameters to explore more possibilities.

Putting this into code, I'll modify the guesses to include more functions with varying parameters. For example:

- Add more frequencies in the pulses and sawtooth functions.
- Include more duty cycles for sawtooth and triangle waves.

Also, adjust the differential evolution parameters to have a higher mutation range and possibly larger population size.

Another idea: use a combination of different waveforms, like combining a pulse and a triangle wave, to generate more diverse initial guesses.

But given the time, I'll focus on expanding the initial guesses and tweaking the optimization parameters.

Now, writing the code accordingly. Here's the revised plan for the code:

- Generate more guesses by adding more frequencies and more duty cycles for the generated functions.
- Use differential evolution with increased mutation parameters and more iterations.
- Perform more refinement steps with SLSQP.
- Ensure that the code runs within the time budget.

The code will be structured similarly to the previous one, but with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty, phase):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip((np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x + phase) + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty, phase):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1 + phase) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty, phase):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1 + phase) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 15, 20]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5, np.random.uniform()))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty, np.random.uniform()))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty, np.random.uniform()))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 1.2), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```