<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. The previous code used a genetic algorithm and SLSQP refinement. Let's think about how to make this better.

First, the initial setup uses 45 points. Maybe using more points could help, but the problem says smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. Wait, but maybe with more points, the optimization could find a better solution. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are faster. So perhaps starting with a larger n_points might be more efficient? Or maybe there's a way to balance between the two.

The previous approach uses differential evolution and then SLSQP refinement. Differential evolution is a global optimization method, but it's slow. Maybe a better approach is to use a more efficient local search method once we have a good initial guess. Also, the constraints: the integral of h(x) over [0,2] must be 1. So the sum of h is n_points / 2.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem, where we want to distribute h(x) such that when we slide it over [0,2], the overlap with 1 - h(x + k) is minimized. So the function h(x) is a binary or piecewise constant function trying to avoid overlapping with its shifted version.

In the previous code, the initial h is given as initial_h_values. The user suggests that maybe starting from a different initial point might avoid getting stuck in a local minimum. But how to generate a better initial guess? Maybe create a pattern with more even distribution of 1s and 0s?

Let me think about possible patterns. For example, a periodic function. Since the problem involves shifts, a periodic pattern might be good. But with 45 points, maybe not. Or maybe using a greedy approach to place intervals where h(x) is 1 in such a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

Alternatively, maybe using Fourier analysis. Since the problem involves integrating over shifted functions, maybe there's a way to model this with frequencies. But I'm not sure how to apply that directly here.

Another idea: since the integral over all shifts is considered, and the maximum over k, maybe the optimal h is related to a function that avoids being too similar to its shifts. So perhaps a function with a lot of 0s and 1s placed such that the shifted versions don't overlap much. For example, if h is 1 in intervals that are spaced out in time, then when you shift, the overlap would be minimal.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization setup. The current code uses differential evolution, which might be too slow for high n_points, but perhaps for smaller n_points, it's manageable.

Wait, the previous code uses n=45. Let's see if increasing the n_points would help. But with the budget of 100 seconds, perhaps a better approach is to use a more efficient optimization method.

The previous method uses SLSQP for refinement, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a more robust local optimizer, like using Nelder-Mead, or combining with other strategies.

Alternatively, perhaps using a gradient-based method with a better objective function.

Wait, the objective function is the max over the correlation. However, calculating the max correlation is non-differentiable. So, using gradient-based methods might be problematic because the gradient could be zero or not well-defined. Maybe we can approximate the max by using a differentiable function, such as taking the maximum value and using that as the objective. But for optimization, the max can be very sharp, making the gradient difficult.

Another approach: instead of trying to minimize the maximum of the correlations, maybe we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we ensure that all correlations are below a certain threshold. But since we are trying to find the minimum possible maximum, this becomes an optimization problem with a variable that is the upper bound.

So perhaps we can use a bisection method on the upper bound. For a given candidate value 'c', check if there exists an h(x) such that all correlations are <= c. If we can find such an h for a lower 'c', then we can try to decrease it. This is a common approach for optimization problems where the objective is a maximum.

So the plan could be:

- Perform a binary search on the possible values of c.
- For each c, solve the optimization problem where the constraints are that each correlation (for each shift k) is <= c, and sum(h) = n_points / 2.
- If we can find such an h for a given c, then we can try to lower c further.

But this approach is computationally expensive, as for each c, we need to solve an optimization problem. However, with the budget of 100 seconds, perhaps we can manage with a few iterations.

However, for each step, the constraints are for all k, which could be a lot of constraints. For example, with n_points = 45, the number of shifts k would be up to (n_points - 1). So, for each c, we need to add a constraint for each shift.

Alternatively, perhaps the main constraint is that the maximum correlation is <= c. This is equivalent to all correlations <= c. So, for optimization, if we can model this as a constraint, then the problem becomes more tractable.

But how to handle this in a numerical optimization framework.

Another thought: The problem is to minimize the maximum correlation. The maximum correlation is the worst-case shift. So, maybe the key is to find a function that is as "spread out" as possible.

Another idea: use a small number of intervals for h(x). For example, if h(x) is a step function with m intervals, then the function is piecewise constant. This reduces the number of variables, but may not be sufficient.

Alternatively, maybe using symmetry. The problem is over [0, 2], so perhaps the optimal function has some symmetric properties. For example, h(x) could be symmetric around 1. So, if we have a certain pattern in [0,1], mirrored in [1,2].

But I'm not sure how to leverage this in the code.

Alternatively, think about the known lower bounds. The current record is 0.38085. So, perhaps trying to get slightly below that.

The previous code's best result was 0.381142, which is worse than the current record. So the code needs to be improved.

Let me think about the existing code's issues. The code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method but perhaps not the most efficient. Then, it does some refinement with SLSQP. However, maybe there are better ways to refine. Also, the initial guess is important. If the initial guess is not good, the differential evolution might not find the optimal solution.

Another approach: Use a better initial guess. The code uses initial_h_values. Maybe generating a better initial guess by, for example, creating a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in certain intervals. For example, if h(x) is 1 for intervals of length a, then 0 for b, etc., ensuring that the integral is 1. But how to choose a and b?

Alternatively, perhaps using a more sophisticated initial guess. For example, based on existing literature or known approximate solutions.

But since I don't have access to that, maybe I can create a better initial guess by using a greedy approach. For example, starting with h(x) = 1 for the first segment, then shifting and adding segments where the overlap is minimized.

But how to implement this algorithmically.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) instead of differential evolution. But I'm not sure if that would be faster.

Another idea: Since the problem involves a convolution-like operation, maybe the optimal h is related to a function that minimizes the maximum of the convolution with (1 - h). In Fourier terms, perhaps the function h has a certain spectral property.

But this is getting into harmonic analysis, which is part of the problem's domain. The user is an expert in this area, so maybe there's a way to model the problem with frequency domain analysis.

But how to apply this to the optimization. For example, if the Fourier transform of h is H, then the correlation with 1 - h would be the convolution of h and 1 - h. The maxima of these correlations would be related to the inverse transform of certain expressions. However, I'm not sure how to translate this into an optimization problem.

Perhaps it's better to focus on the existing approach and find ways to improve it.

Let me think about the previous code. It uses differential evolution for the initial search, then SLSQP refinement. The differential evolution might be too slow for larger n_points. However, the code runs with n_points=45. So, perhaps using more efficient optimization techniques.

Another thought: the correlation for a shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). Since the integral is over [0,2], when x + k exceeds 2, the value of h(x +k) is zero. So, the actual integration is over x where x +k is in [0,2], i.e., x in [-k, 2 -k]. But the correlation function's mode='full' would cover all possible shifts. However, in practice, the code uses a full convolution, which includes all possible shifts.

But for the optimization, the code uses the maximum of these correlations. To minimize the maximum value.

Now, perhaps the key is to adjust the initial guess to have a better spread. For example, instead of using the initial_h_values, perhaps create a more even distribution of 1s and 0s.

Alternatively, perhaps a random initial guess. But the previous code uses the initial_h_values. Maybe that initial guess is not optimal.

Another idea: use a different initial guess for the differential evolution. For example, create a random starting point that satisfies the integral constraint, and then perform differential evolution. Maybe that could lead to better results.

But how to generate such a random starting point. The code could generate a random h that satisfies the constraint sum(h) == n_points / 2. Then, use that as the initial population for the differential evolution.

Alternatively, using a better optimization method. For example, instead of differential evolution, use a Bayesian optimization approach, which is more efficient for high-dimensional spaces. However, integrating Bayesian optimization into the code might be complex.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with a better mutation strategy. The previous code uses differential evolution with certain parameters. Perhaps adjusting those parameters could help.

But perhaps the main issue is that the current code is not efficient enough. Maybe using a more efficient method like SLSQP directly with a better initial guess.

Alternatively, consider that the problem is convex. Wait, is it? The objective is to minimize the maximum of several convex functions. The maximum of convex functions is convex, so the problem is a convex optimization problem. However, the constraints are linear (sum(h) = n_points / 2, h in [0,1]). So, this is a convex problem. Wait, but the objective function is the maximum of convex functions. So, the problem is convex, and thus can be solved using convex optimization methods.

But how to model this. For convex optimization, if the objective is the maximum of convex functions, then it's a convex problem. However, standard convex solvers like CVXOPT can't directly handle the maximum of functions as the objective, unless it's reformulated.

So, to turn this into a convex problem, we can use the following approach: introduce a variable t, and add constraints that for all k, the correlation for shift k is less than or equal to t. Then, minimize t. This is a convex optimization problem if the constraints are convex.

But the correlation for shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)). This is a bilinear function of h(x) and h(x +k), which is not convex. Therefore, the problem is not convex. So, convex optimization methods can't be applied directly.

Hmm. So, the problem is non-convex, which makes it challenging.

Another angle: perhaps using a regularized approach. For example, adding a regularizer to the objective to encourage certain properties in h(x), like smoothness or periodicity. However, this is a heuristic and may not lead to the optimal solution.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with a better mutation and crossover strategy. The previous code uses differential evolution with certain parameters. Perhaps adjusting the parameters, like the mutation rate, to improve the search.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the previous code's approach can be improved by using a better initial guess and more efficient optimization.

Let me think about how to generate a better initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values provided might not be optimal. Maybe if I create a more evenly distributed h(x) with a pattern that has intervals where h(x) is 1 and 0, such that their shifts overlap as little as possible.

For instance, if h(x) is 1 in intervals that are spaced out. For example, in the case of n_points = 45, maybe divide the interval [0,2] into m intervals where h(x) is 1, and 0 otherwise. Then, the positions of these intervals are chosen to minimize the maximum overlap.

But how to compute this. For example, if there are m intervals of length L, then the total integral would be m * L. Since the total integral must be 1, m*L = 1. So L = 1/m. But the length of each interval depends on the number of intervals and their placement.

But this is just a simple approach. Maybe for the initial guess, using a pattern of intervals that are spaced out.

For example, if we have m intervals, each of length 1/m, placed in such a way that they are shifted apart. But how to determine the number of intervals? For example, if m = 10, then each interval is 0.1 in length, and placed in positions that are spaced as much as possible to avoid overlap when shifted.

Alternatively, placing the intervals at positions that are fractions of the length of the interval [0,2]. For example, placing them at 0.25, 0.5, 0.75, etc., but that might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a binary pattern with alternating 1s and 0s. However, this may not be feasible for certain numbers of points.

But perhaps the initial_h_values given is already a good starting point. However, the user suggests that starting from a different initial point could help avoid local optima.

So, maybe generating a better initial estimate. For example, suppose that I use a more optimal initial pattern. For example, if the optimal h(x) is a step function with certain spacing.

Another idea: use the current best result of 0.38085 and see if we can find a slightly better one. For example, adjusting the existing h_values to reduce the maximum correlation.

Alternatively, using a local search method with a good initial guess. For example, using SLSQP with the initial guess being the initial_h_values.

But the previous code uses differential evolution first, which might be more efficient. Let me think about the previous code's approach. It does a differential evolution with a certain number of iterations, then refines with SLSQP. Maybe instead of differential evolution, using a simpler method like gradient descent with momentum might be faster.

Another thought: The objective function is difficult to optimize because it's non-smooth. Perhaps using a smoother approximation. For example, instead of taking the max of the correlations, replace it with the average of the correlations, or use a L1 penalty. But this could lead to different results.

But the problem requires minimizing the maximum correlation, so using an average may not be helpful. However, for optimization purposes, using a differentiable approximation might help the solvers converge better.

Alternatively, using a single constraint that limits the maximum correlation to some value, but how to enforce that. For example, for each shift k, the correlation is a convex function? Not sure.

Alternatively, focus on the largest correlation. Let's think: the maximum correlation is the value that determines C₅. So, perhaps, the main issue is to minimize the largest correlation. To find the optimal h, maybe it's sufficient to focus on minimizing this value, while keeping other correlations in check.

But again, the problem is how to find this.

Another approach: since the problem is non-convex and difficult to optimize, perhaps using a heuristic like simulated annealing with a good initial guess. However, implementing this may not be feasible within the time constraints.

Alternatively, adjust the parameters of the existing code. For example, increasing the population size in differential evolution, or changing the mutation parameters. Or using a different method like an adaptive algorithm.

But given the time constraints, perhaps it's best to adjust the existing code to make it more efficient. For example, using a different optimization method for refinement, or tweaking the parameters of differential evolution.

In the previous code, the refinement step uses SLSQP for 5 iterations. But maybe using a different method, like Bayesian optimization, could be more efficient.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess for the differential evolution. For example, starting from the initial_h_values but adding some noise to the values to avoid getting stuck in local optima.

Another idea: instead of using the initial_h_values as the starting point, generate a uniformly random h that satisfies the integral constraint. This could help the differential evolution find better solutions.

But the initial_h_values is probably a good starting point, so maybe that's not necessary. However, the user suggested that using other starting points could be beneficial.

In summary, possible ways to improve the previous code:

1. Use a better initial guess (e.g., more evenly spread intervals).
2. Adjust the optimization parameters (mutation rates, population size, etc.).
3. Use a different optimization method for refinement (like Nelder-Mead or Bayesian optimization).
4. Incorporate a better way to handle the non-smooth objective (e.g., smooth approximation).
5. Explore different n_points values (e.g., larger numbers of samples for better resolution).
6. Use more sophisticated termination conditions.

But considering the constraints of the problem (time budget, no network IO, etc.), I need to choose the most efficient approach.

Let's consider implementing a modified version of the previous code, but with some changes. For example:

- Increase the number of iterations for differential evolution.
- Use a different optimization method for refinement, such as using L-BFGS-B with bounds.
- Use a better initial guess for the differential evolution.

Alternatively, since the problem is about finding the best h, perhaps the key is to use a more efficient local optimization after finding a good starting point.

Another idea: instead of using differential evolution for the initial search, use a greedy algorithm to place the 1s and 0s in h to minimize the overlap. For example, start with the initial_h_values and iteratively adjust the positions of the 1s to reduce the maximum correlation. This could be a local search method.

But implementing such a greedy algorithm would require a way to compute the effect of changing a single point on the maximum correlation. This could be computationally expensive, but perhaps manageable for small n_points.

Alternatively, since the problem is NP-hard in nature, a heuristic approach is needed.

Given time and code length constraints, perhaps modifying the existing code to focus on better refinement steps would be more feasible.

So, the plan is:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Perform differential evolution with adjusted parameters.
- Perform refinement with a more efficient local optimization method.
- Possibly increase the number of refinement steps.

But I need to code this into the run function.

Another possibility: using a different solver. For example, the previous code used scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe using alternative solvers like COBYLA or trust-constr would work better.

Also, the previous code uses the initial_h_values, but perhaps the initial guess is not the best. So, maybe generating a better initial guess. For example, if the initial_h_values is not good, generate a random one that satisfies the sum constraint.

So, the steps are:

1. Generate initial guess (either initial_h_values or random).
2. Use differential evolution to find a better solution.
3. Refine using a more efficient optimization method.

Now, the code structure will remain similar to the previous one, but with changes to the objective function and optimization settings.

Another thing to note: the current code uses 'np.correlate' with mode='full'. However, the correlation for each shift is calculated, and then the maximum is taken. For example, for each k, the correlation is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) over x. But since the original h is defined on [0,2], when x +k exceeds 2, the value of h(x +k) is zero, which is handled by the full mode of the convolution.

But in the previous code, the 'corr' is calculated as np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full'), which gives the correlations for all possible shifts. Then, the maximum is taken and multiplied by dx to get the integral.

The code may have a mistake here. Because the correlation function's length is 2n -1 for a full mode. The maximum must be taken over the appropriate shifts. For example, the shifts k for which the overlap is possible. However, the current code uses the entire corr array and takes the max, which includes all possible shifts. This is correct.

But the code may have an error in computing the integral. For example, the dx is 2.0 / n_points. But when computing the maximum correlation, it's multiplied by dx to get the integral. However, the 'corr' values are in terms of the original grid. For example, the np.correlate returns the sum over x * (1 - h(x+k)). But the dx is the step, so the integral is corr[k] * dx.

Yes, the code is correct in multiplying by dx.

So, the code seems correct.

Now, to improve the previous code, here are some possible changes:

- Use a smaller population size and more iterations for differential evolution.
- Use a different mutation strategy.
- Refine with a different optimization method.
- Use a more efficient initial guess.

Let me try to code these changes into the run function. For example, using the initial_h_values, then doing differential evolution with a parallel approach, and refinement with an improved method.

But given the code length constraints, the final code will have to be concise.

Another idea: replace the differential evolution with a different method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, but that may not be effective for high-dimensional spaces.

Alternatively, use a combination of global and local optimization steps.

In the end, the code will have to be written as per the problem's requirements. Given that, I'll proceed to write the code with these considerations.

The key changes from the previous code would be:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Use differential evolution with more iterations or better parameters.
- Use a different refinement method, perhaps with a more efficient solver.
- Possibly adjust the number of samples (n_points) to a lower value for efficiency.

Wait, the user's previous code used n_points = len(initial_h_values) which is 45. So, perhaps that's acceptable.

But maybe using a lower n_points, like 40 or 30, which would reduce the budget required.

But the user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So, using 40 would be better.

But the initial_h_values may be designed for 45 points. However, the user's code can be adjusted to use a different n_points. But the initial_h_values is given as a variable, and the code must use it if available.

So, the code needs to work with the initial_h_values, which has len(initial_h_values) as the n_points.

But the code in the previous example uses n_points = len(h). So, the current code uses the initial_h_values and n_points is fixed as 45.

But perhaps the code can be adjusted to try different n_points. For example, trying with 45 and 40.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to keep the n_points as 45 and improve the optimization method.

Thus, the revised code will make the following changes:

- Use a different optimization method for refinement, such as using the SLSQP with better settings.
- Adjust the number of iterations in differential evolution and refinement.
- Possibly add more steps to the differential evolution.

Another possible improvement is to use a multi-start approach, where multiple initial guesses are tried, and the best is selected.

But again, within the 100-second budget, this would need to be managed carefully.

In conclusion, the code can be adjusted to improve the optimization steps and initial guess, leading to a better C₅ bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='L-BFGS-B', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=20, maxiter=30,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = refine(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```