<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by finding a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The current record is 0.38085, and my goal is to get lower than that, maybe even reach 0.380876. The previous program used a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP refinement, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, let's understand the problem. The function h is a step function on [0,2], with integral 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Lower C₅ means better, so I need to minimize this maximum.

The previous code used differential evolution to find a good initial guess and then refined it with SLSQP. But differential evolution might get stuck in local minima. Maybe using a different optimization strategy would help. Also, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but perhaps there's a better way to construct h.

The key is to design h such that when you shift it by different k, the overlap area is minimized. Intuitively, h should be spread out in a way that overlaps with its shifted versions as little as possible. Maybe a periodic or symmetric pattern? But since the domain is [0,2], perhaps a piecewise constant function with certain intervals.

Wait, another thought: since the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], which is length 2, the average value is 0.5. So h is like a probability density function. The overlap integral is similar to the expectation of (1 - h(x + k)) over x, which would be the probability that h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. But since it's a step function, maybe there are specific transitions where this product is maximized.

The problem becomes similar to designing a function that avoids having high values in overlapping regions when shifted. Maybe a binary step function with certain intervals. But since h is a step function, perhaps we can model it as a set of intervals where h(x) is 1 or 0, but the integral must be 1.

But since the problem allows for any step function, not necessarily binary, maybe a more sophisticated pattern. However, the previous code uses a continuous optimization approach with h being a vector of values between 0 and 1. So maybe using a more efficient optimization approach, like a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing, could help. But the previous code already used differential evolution.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of points, maybe using a different discretization. The previous code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values) which is 45. Maybe a larger n_points would allow for a better approximation, but the problem says to use less than 1k samples for speed. However, the user said that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe using n_points around 100-200 is better.

But the budget is 100 seconds, so I need to balance between the number of points and the optimization steps. Maybe using a higher number of points (like 45 is the initial, but perhaps increasing it to 100 or 200 could help, but needs to fit into the time budget.

Alternatively, think about the structure of h. The optimal h should have certain symmetry or periodicity. For example, maybe h is piecewise constant with segments where it's 1 and 0 in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Alternatively, since the overlap integral is over k, which could be any real number, but the function is defined over [0,2], the maximum occurs when k is such that the shifted function x + k intersects with the intervals where h(x) is 1. So the maximum overlap would be when k is aligned with the transitions in h.

Another approach: try to make h as "spread out" as possible. For instance, if h is a tent function, it might have overlapping regions when shifted. But perhaps a more optimal shape. Maybe using a combination of intervals where h is 1, then 0, then 1, etc., arranged to avoid overlaps.

But how to model this? Since it's a step function, maybe using a periodic pattern with certain parameters. For example, a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that the overlap when shifted is minimized.

Alternatively, maybe using a function with multiple peaks and valleys, so that the overlap when shifted is distributed.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? The previous code uses numerical optimization with constraints. Maybe improving the optimization algorithm's parameters or using a different solver.

Wait, the previous code used SLSQP with constraints but maybe the initial guess is not good enough. Maybe using a better initial guess could help. The initial_h_values might be a starting point, but perhaps modifying it could lead to better results.

Another thought: since the maximum is over k, maybe the worst-case k is when the overlap is largest. So the function h should be designed to have overlap minimized for all possible shifts. But how?

Alternatively, think of the problem as a game: an adversary picks k to maximize the overlap, and we need to choose h to minimize that maximum.

This resembles a minimax problem. Maybe using a more efficient optimization approach that can handle the minimax structure.

But the previous code uses differential evolution followed by local optimization. Maybe combining multiple strategies, like using a genetic algorithm for global search and then local refinement.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient local optimization method. The SLSQP is probably too slow for a large number of iterations. But given the time budget, maybe using a different method.

Wait, the problem says that the code must be under 300 lines and 12k characters. So I need to make it concise.

Another idea: the maximum of the cross-correlation (which is the correlation between h and 1-h) is being minimized. The cross-correlation can be thought of as the integral of h(x)(1-h(x + k)) dx, which is essentially the inner product between h and 1-h shifted by k. So the maximum over k of this value.

Maybe using Fourier analysis here. Since the integral is the convolution, maybe there's a way to relate the Fourier coefficients. However, the problem is that we need to minimize the maximum over k, which might relate to the diophantine approximation of the function. But I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Alternatively, think of the function h as a binary function (0 and 1) but with the constraint that the integral is 1. If h is binary, then the overlap would be the area where h(x)=1 and 1-h(x +k)=1, i.e., where h(x) = 1 and h(x +k) = 0. So the maximum of such areas over all k. But the problem allows h to take any value between 0 and 1, so maybe allowing intermediate values could reduce the maximum.

Wait, the previous code uses a continuous optimization approach. Perhaps the optimal h is not binary, so allowing intermediate values is important. So maybe the optimal h has certain regions where it transitions smoothly, or has a specific shape.

But how to find such a shape? Maybe using a probabilistic approach, like a mixture of certain distributions.

Alternatively, think about the problem as a covering problem. We need to cover the interval [0,2] in a way that overlapping with shifted versions is minimized.

Another approach: since the integral of h is 1, and the integral of 1-h is also 1 (since the length is 2), the overlap integral for k=0 would be the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx, which is the same as the integral of h(x) - h(x)^2 dx. Which is minimized when h is as smooth as possible, but the maximum over other k's is what we need to minimize.

So perhaps the optimal h is a function that is as flat as possible, but in a way that when shifted, the overlapping regions are minimized.

But how to model this?

Alternatively, think of the function h as a combination of intervals where it is 1 and other intervals where it's 0, but arranged in a way that the overlap when shifted is minimized. For example, a function that has segments of 1, then 0, then 1, etc., but with specific lengths.

But since the domain is [0,2], let's say we divide it into m equal parts. For instance, if we have m intervals, each of length 2/m. But with the integral of h being 1, the total length of the intervals where h is 1 is 1. So for example, if we have m intervals, then the sum of their lengths is 1. But since the total domain length is 2, the average length of the intervals would be 1/m * 2, but maybe not.

Alternatively, think of h as a binary function with m intervals of 1 and the rest 0, such that the total length of the 1's is 1. Then the optimal arrangement of these intervals would minimize the maximum overlap with their shifted versions. This is similar to the problem of placing intervals to minimize overlap when shifted by some k.

But this is a combinatorial optimization problem. For example, placing intervals in a way that their shifted versions don't overlap too much.

For instance, suppose we have multiple intervals of length L, arranged in such a way that the distance between them is sufficient to prevent overlapping when shifted. But since the integral is 1, the total length is 1. So if there are m intervals, each of length 1/m, then their total length is 1, and the number of intervals depends on how they are placed.

But how to arrange these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap?

Perhaps spacing the intervals as much as possible. For example, placing them at intervals of length 1/m, but that would require the entire domain to be covered, which may not be possible. Wait, if the domain is 2, and the total length of intervals is 1, then the maximum spacing between intervals would be determined by that.

Alternatively, arranging the intervals to be spaced such that when shifted by k, the overlap with other intervals is minimal. For example, placing them such that the gap between intervals is as large as possible. This is similar to a packing problem.

But this is getting too abstract. Maybe the previous code's approach is the best, but we need to tweak it.

The previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, followed by SLSQP. However, maybe increasing the number of iterations, or adjusting the parameters, could lead to better results.

Another thought: the problem is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation. Since cross-correlation is involved, maybe using a more efficient way to compute it. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns a longer array. But for optimization, perhaps we need to consider all possible shifts k that are within the domain.

But the actual maximum occurs when k is such that the shifted function x + k lies within [0,2], which implies that k is between -2 and 2. However, since the function is periodic or not, but since h is defined on [0,2], shifting by k would require considering k such that x + k is in [0,2] for some x.

But the code computes the full convolution, which includes all possible shifts, so that's correct.

But maybe there's a way to compute the maximum more efficiently. However, the current approach is correct.

Another idea: since the problem requires minimal maximum overlap, maybe there's a known optimal construction. For example, for the Erdős problem, the optimal h is known, but perhaps in some literature. However, without prior knowledge, I need to proceed with the optimization.

Let me think about the previous code. It uses differential evolution to find an initial solution and then refines it with SLSQP. But maybe using a different approach for refinement. For example, using a more aggressive local optimization.

Alternatively, maybe using a random restart approach, where multiple initial guesses are tried and the best one is selected. However, this could be time-consuming.

Alternatively, use a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate solutions. Each candidate is a vector h, and the fitness is the C5 value, which we want to minimize. The genetic algorithm would evolve the population over generations, selecting better individuals. This could potentially find a good solution, but implementing it in Python may be time-consuming.

But given the time constraints, perhaps modifying the existing code to use a different optimization method or adjust parameters.

Another idea: instead of using differential evolution, perhaps use a gradient-based method like SLSQP with a better initial guess. However, the initial guess is likely to be in a local minimum. So, if the initial_h_values is not optimal, it might be better to generate a different initial guess.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, and the user says to use it directly. So I can start from that initial guess. However, maybe there's a better way to generate an initial guess. For example, modifying the initial_h_values to have a more regular structure, like alternating high and low values.

Another approach is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations (200). Maybe increasing the number of iterations would help. But the time budget is tight.

Alternatively, try to find a way to model the problem as a convex optimization problem. However, since the objective is the maximum of several linear functions (the cross-correlations), it's not convex. So the problem is non-convex, making it challenging.

Another thought: the maximum over k of the cross-correlation can be approximated by considering only a few k values, but that would be an approximation. However, since we need an exact bound, this may not be acceptable.

Hmm. Perhaps the previous code can be improved by using a better initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values may not be optimal. If I can generate a better initial guess by applying some transformation to the existing one, like smoothing it or adjusting the peaks and valleys.

Alternatively, using a different discretization. The current code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 45. Maybe using a higher n_points would allow for a more accurate solution, but it's possible that with more points, the optimization becomes more complex.

But since the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred, I should keep n_points as low as possible, maybe around 100 or so. However, the initial code uses 45. Maybe the initial_h_values are for a specific n_points, and increasing it could help.

Alternatively, considering that the current best is 0.38085, which is very close to the target. Maybe the code needs to perform more aggressive refinements. For example, using more iterations in the refinement steps.

Another thing to check: the previous code uses the differential evolution with 30 iterations and then 5 refinements. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the population size could help. Or using multiple different starting points.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: after finding a solution with differential evolution, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) to refine it further. But implementing PSO requires more code.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing a maximum, perhaps using a penalty method where the objective function includes the maximum value, but it's not straightforward to compute.

Alternatively, the previous code uses the maximum of the cross-correlation as the objective. But maybe there's a way to vectorize the computation of the maximum, but I think the current code does that correctly.

Let me think about the code structure. The code starts with the initial_h_values, then defines the objective function as the maximum of the cross-correlation. The constraints ensure that the integral is 1. Then it uses differential evolution to find a better solution, followed by refinement with SLSQP.

Perhaps the problem is that the differential evolution is not sufficiently exploring the solution space. Maybe using a better mutation strategy or adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution.

Alternatively, trying different optimization methods. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which is more efficient in high-dimensional spaces. However, implementing that in Python may be time-consuming.

Alternatively, I can try to modify the previous code to use a different solver. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method for local refinement. But the previous code uses 'SLSQP' with constraints, which is appropriate for smooth functions.

Alternatively, perhaps the key is to use a more sophisticated initial guess. For example, generating a different initial_h_values based on some known structure. But I don't have prior information about the optimal structure.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is symmetric, maybe the optimal function h is symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], i.e., at x=1. So if I enforce symmetry, it might help in reducing the maximum overlap.

To do that, I could generate the initial_h_values with symmetry, but the problem is that the initial_h_values provided might not be symmetric. So, if the initial_h_values is not symmetric, I could generate a symmetric version of it. However, this would require modifying the initial guess, which the user says not to do. Wait, the user says that when initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So I cannot modify it. So perhaps I need to adjust the code to generate a symmetric h if possible.

But how? Well, maybe in the refinement steps, I can enforce symmetry. For example, ensuring that h[i] = h[-i-1] for symmetric positions. This could be done with a constraint in the optimization problem. However, adding such constraints may complicate the optimization.

But perhaps enforcing some symmetry could help in finding a better solution. For example, if the optimal h is symmetric, then the overlap integral would be easier to minimize.

Alternatively, maybe using a different approach for generating the initial guess. For example, create a function that has a certain pattern, like a periodic function with specific parameters. But without knowing the optimal pattern, this is difficult.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values are used, and the code starts with that. Maybe the initial_h_values are not the best possible starting point. For example, if the initial values have regions that are too clustered, leading to higher overlaps. So perhaps modifying the initial guess to spread out the 1s more evenly.

But the user says to use initial_h_values directly, so I cannot change it. So I have to work with what is given.

Another idea: the code could use a different optimization strategy. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a population of h vectors, where each vector is evolved over generations. This could potentially explore the solution space more thoroughly.

But implementing a genetic algorithm in Python within the time budget may be challenging, but let's think.

A genetic algorithm would have:

- A population of candidate solutions (h vectors).
- A fitness function (C5 value) to be minimized.
- Selection based on fitness (e.g., tournament selection).
- Crossover to combine two parents into a child.
- Mutation to introduce small changes in the child.

But this approach would require more code and might not be faster than the previous method, especially since it's a brute-force search.

Alternatively, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method similar to genetic algorithms but more efficient for continuous variables.

Perhaps the code could be modified to use a different solver, like COBYLA, which is a method for constrained optimization. Let me check the scipy.optimize options.

In the previous code, the SLSQP method is used with constraints. COBYLA might be an alternative. But the previous code is already using SLSQP. Maybe changing the method or adjusting the parameters could help.

Another thought: the previous code uses the differential evolution for global search, which is fine, but maybe using a better initial population for differential evolution.

Alternatively, the previous code uses 3 iterations of differential evolution and 5 refinements. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the mutation parameters could help.

Alternatively, trying to use the 'L-BFGS-B' method for local optimization, which is more efficient for certain problems.

But without knowing the exact optimal parameters, it's hard to say. Let me think of possible changes.

The previous code uses 'SLSQP' with 'ftol'=1e-12, which is very tight. Maybe increasing the ftol could allow faster convergence, or decreasing it could provide a more precise solution. But this requires testing.

Another idea: the code could try multiple different initial guesses by perturbing the initial_h_values slightly. For example, adding random noise to the initial guess and then optimizing each one. But this could take more time.

Alternatively, using the initial guess and then performing a series of local optimizations with different starting points.

But given the time constraints, it's important to make the code as efficient as possible.

Let me look back at the previous code and see where I can improve it.

The code starts with the initial_h_values, computes the objective function, and then uses differential evolution to find a better solution. Then refinements are done with SLSQP. But perhaps the key is to improve the refinement steps. For example, using more iterations in the refinement process.

In the previous code, after differential evolution, there are 5 refinement steps. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or changing the method.

Another idea: the code could use a hybrid approach, combining differential evolution with local optimization steps. But that's what the code is already doing.

Alternatively, using the 'TNC' method for optimization, which is suitable for bounds and constraints.

But without knowing the exact improvements, it's hard to say. Maybe the main issue is that the initial guess is not good enough, and the code isn't exploring enough.

Another possible improvement: instead of using the full correlation, compute the maximum over a subset of k values. However, since the code is already computing the full correlation, this might not help.

Alternatively, maybe the code can precompute the cross-correlation values and find the maximum more efficiently, but the current method is efficient enough.

Perhaps the problem is that the initial_h_values are not optimal, and the code could benefit from a better starting point. For example, by generating a different initial guess based on known patterns.

But since the initial_h_values are provided and must be used, I can't generate a new one. So, I have to work with that.

Another idea: the code could use a different way to compute the cross-correlation. For example, using the Fourier transform properties. The cross-correlation is the same as the convolution of h with 1-h reversed. But I'm not sure how this would help in an optimization setting.

Alternatively, maybe the code can use the discrete Fourier transform to compute the cross-correlation more efficiently, but this might not be necessary.

Another possible change: the current code uses 'popsize=20' in differential evolution. Increasing the popsize could lead to better exploration but take more time. Similarly, adjusting the mutation parameters could help.

Alternatively, the code could use 'mutation=(0.7, 0.95)' which is the same as the previous code. Maybe changing this to a different mutation strategy.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is run with 30 iterations, which might not be sufficient. Increasing the number of iterations could help, but it would take more time and may exceed the budget.

Another idea: the code stops after 3 iterations of differential evolution. Perhaps increasing this number allows for better initial solutions. However, the budget is tight.

Given all these considerations, perhaps the best way to improve the code is to make the refinement steps more thorough and use better optimization methods. For example, using a higher number of iterations for refinement, or using more advanced methods.

Let me think about modifying the previous code. For example, in the refinement steps, instead of using 'SLSQP' with 200 iterations, maybe use a higher number of iterations, or use a different method.

Alternatively, trying to use 'Nelder-Mead' for refinement, which is a derivative-free method, but might be more effective in certain cases.

However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is appropriate for constrained problems.

Another possible improvement: using the 'bounded' method with more iterations.

But without knowing the exact parameters, it's hard to say. Perhaps the main issue is that the initial guess is not good enough, and the code could benefit from more aggressive mutation in the differential evolution step.

In the previous code, the mutation parameters are set to (0.7, 0.95), which is standard. Maybe changing them could help, such as using a higher mutation scale to explore more of the solution space.

Alternatively, using a different crossover method.

But since I can't test this, I have to make an educated guess.

Another idea: the code uses the same bounds for all iterations, but perhaps adding a dynamic adjustment to the bounds could help in some cases. However, this is more complex.

Given all this, perhaps the best way to proceed is to modify the previous code as follows:

1. Increase the number of iterations for differential evolution to allow better exploration.
2. Use a more aggressive mutation strategy.
3. Increase the number of refinement steps with more iterations.
4. Try different optimization methods in the refinement steps.

But I need to keep the code concise and within the character and line limits.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different solver for the refinement steps, like the 'SLSQP' with a higher maxiter value.

Let me try to outline the changes.

In the previous code, the refine function uses 'SLSQP' with maxiter=200. Maybe increasing this to 500 would give better results, but it would take more time. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so I need to balance.

Another idea: use the 'L-BFGS-B' method for refinement, which is suitable for bounded problems. This method is often faster and might converge more quickly, leading to better results.

So, modifying the 'refine' function to use 'L-BFGS-B' instead of 'SLSQP' might help.

Additionally, adjusting the number of differential evolution iterations and refinement steps.

Also, perhaps changing the mutation parameters in differential evolution.

But how to implement this in code concisely?

The previous code has:

res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=20, maxiter=30, mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)

Maybe increasing maxiter to 50, and/or adjusting the mutation parameters.

In the refinement loop, using a different method.

So, for the code, replace the 'SLSQP' with 'L-BFGS-B'.

Let me try to code this.

In the refine function:

def refine(r):
    res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='L-BFGS-B', bounds=bounds,
                           constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                           options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-9})
    return res.x if res.success else r

But I need to check if 'L-BFGS-B' is suitable for this problem. It requires bounds, which it does, and the constraints.

Alternatively, using 'SLSQP' with 'maxiter'=500.

Another change is to increase the number of refinement steps.

In the previous code, after differential evolution, there are 5 refinement steps. Maybe increasing this to 10 or 20.

But given the time constraints, the code must fit within 100 seconds.

Another idea: reducing the number of differential evolution iterations and increasing the refinement steps.

Alternatively, trying different initial guesses by varying the seed and running multiple optimizations.

But since the function is called with a seed=42, perhaps using a different seed for different runs may help, but the code uses a fixed seed.

Overall, the main changes I can make are:

- Adjust the parameters of differential evolution (maxiter, mutation, etc.)
- Change the optimization method in refinement to something more effective.
- Increase the number of refinement iterations.

Let me try to implement these changes in the code.

So, the updated code would have:

In the initial differential evolution step, increase maxiter to 50 and adjust mutation parameters.

In the refine function, use 'L-BFGS-B' method with higher maxiter.

Also, increase the number of refinement steps.

So, the code would look something like this.

But I need to keep the code concise.

Now, let me write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='L-BFGS-B', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=20, maxiter=50, mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = refine(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 5:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```