<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP optimization and differential evolution, starting from initial_h_values with 45 points. The user wants me to think of a different approach to potentially get a better result.

First, I should understand what the problem is about. The goal is to find a step function h: [0, 2] → [0, 1] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral C₅. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum of the convolution of h and 1-h, scaled by dx. The constraints are that h is in [0,1] and integrates to 1 over [0,2].

The previous approach used several guess functions (pulses, sawtooth, triangle) and then optimized them using SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better way. Let me think about possible improvements.

One possible direction is to use a different optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe a genetic algorithm could be more effective here, as it's good at exploring the search space and avoiding local optima. Alternatively, maybe a more efficient local optimization method, like gradient descent with momentum, could be used. But I need to consider the computational budget of 100 seconds.

Another idea is to use a coarser initial guess but with better structure. The initial_h_values has 45 points. Maybe using a smaller number of points, say 64, would allow for more flexibility and faster computation? Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, and that they are faster. So perhaps using a larger number of points isn't necessarily better. Wait, the initial code uses n=45. But the user says smaller sequences are better. So maybe trying a smaller number of points, like 32 or 64, could be better. However, the initial_h_values may be for a specific n. But according to the problem statement, the initial_h_values is already provided, and the code must use that. So I can't change the initial n. Wait, the user says: "If no parent construction was announced, create a starting vector under a different name." But in this case, initial_h_values is available. So I can start from that, but maybe I need to adjust the number of points. Wait, the initial code uses initial_h_values which has len(h) = 45. So if I use that, then n_points is 45. But the user is allowing for sequences with less than 1k, so maybe trying a different n could help. But the problem is that the initial_h_values is for a specific n. So maybe I should stick with the same n, or use a different n. Hmm.

Wait, the problem says that the previous program used initial_h_values (n=45) and the current code should start from there. So maybe the initial code is for n=45. So maybe trying to use a different n is not allowed. But the problem statement says "Smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred - they are faster to optimize and evaluate." So perhaps using a smaller n could allow for faster evaluations. However, the initial_h_values is fixed. Wait, but if the parent construction is available, then I should reference it directly. So the initial_h_values may have a specific n. But perhaps I can use n=32 or 64, but how to generate the initial guess then? Because the initial_h_values is not provided here. Wait, the code that the user provided has the initial_h_values defined as a variable. But in the problem, the user says that the initial_h_values is a pre-imported variable. So in the code, I can use that as the starting point. So perhaps the initial code's n is 45. 

But the user wants the code to be compact and to use the initial_h_values if available. So I need to use that. 

Another idea: The previous approach used multiple guess functions. Maybe instead, using a more structured approach like a Fourier series or optimizing a functional with some constraints. But how to translate that into code?

Alternatively, maybe trying to use a different optimization technique. For instance, using a metaheuristic like simulated annealing or a particle swarm optimization, which can escape local minima. But since the budget is limited to 100 seconds, these methods might be too slow. 

Alternatively, maybe focusing on the structure of the problem. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. Since the function is over the interval [0,2], the shift k can be from -2 to 2, but the correlation is computed over all possible shifts. So, for each shift, the integral is the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k. 

The goal is to minimize the maximum of these overlaps. So the problem is similar to a covering problem, where we want the function h to have minimal overlap with its shifted versions. 

In the Erdős problem, the exact value of the constant C₅ is unknown, and the upper bound is being sought. So, perhaps the optimal function is a periodic function with certain symmetries. For example, maybe a function that is periodic with period 2, composed of a few pulses or alternating regions. 

Another approach: Since the integral is over the interval [0,2], maybe using a function that is a combination of pulses spaced in a way that minimizes the overlap when shifted. For instance, if the function h(x) is a series of non-overlapping intervals, then shifting by certain amounts would cause overlaps. 

But how to model this? The challenge is to find such a step function with minimal maximum overlap. 

The previous code tried several guess functions, but perhaps a better initial guess can be constructed. For example, using a more optimal structure. Maybe using a function with a certain number of steps, arranged to minimize overlap. 

Alternatively, maybe using an evolutionary approach, where we generate and evolve better functions. For example, using genetic algorithms to evolve the h values over generations, selecting those with lower C₅. 

But implementing a genetic algorithm in the time budget might be challenging. However, given the 100 seconds, maybe it's feasible. 

Another idea is to use a more efficient optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a combination of gradient-based methods and simulated annealing could help. 

Wait, but how to implement that within the code? Perhaps starting with a rough optimization and then fine-tuning. 

Alternatively, perhaps the previous code could be modified to use a different initial guess. For example, using a different pattern, like a more uniform distribution of steps, or a function with more symmetry. 

Another observation: The current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. So, even a small improvement is needed. Maybe the previous approach is not sufficient, and a new approach is needed. 

Perhaps using a different mathematical structure. For example, considering that the optimal function might be related to a Fourier series with certain frequencies. Or perhaps using a function that is designed to have minimal overlap with shifted versions. 

Alternatively, maybe there's a known optimal construction for this problem, but I'm not aware of it. 

Wait, the problem mentions that the target C₅ bound is 0.380876, which is very close to the current record. So the user is looking for a slight improvement. 

Another idea: The previous code uses multiple guess functions. Maybe trying to generate more intelligent initial guesses based on certain patterns. For example, using a function that has a certain number of steps, spaced in an optimal way. 

For instance, suppose we model h as a step function with m intervals, each of length l. The total integral is 1, so the sum of the areas of the steps must be 1. For example, if there are m steps of height 1, then each step has length 1/m. But since the function is over [0,2], the total length would be 2. So if the function has m steps, each of length 2/m, multiplied by the height, which could be 1. But that's not useful. Alternatively, maybe a function that is a combination of intervals turned on and off. 

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of the dual. The maximum overlap is equivalent to the maximum of the inner product between h and the shifted 1-h. So, maximizing the overlap is similar to finding a function that is highly correlated with its shifted versions. 

But how to minimize that maximum. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that is as spread out as possible, such that any shift would result in low overlap. For example, a function that is a sequence of pulses spaced regularly. 

But how to model this. For example, if h is composed of k pulses, each of width w and height 1, spaced with gaps. The total integral would be sum of the widths of the pulses. 

But the number of pulses and their spacing would affect the overlap when shifted. 

Perhaps trying to model this as an optimization problem with a certain number of variables. However, that could be complex. 

Alternatively, given that the initial code used a combination of guess functions, maybe trying to generate more initial guesses. However, the previous code already tried several. 

Another possible improvement is to use a better optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe trying a different optimization method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is suitable for non-smooth functions, could help. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient implementation of the optimization steps. For example, precomputing the correlation values more efficiently, or using vectorized operations. 

Also, the previous code has a function called evaluate_erdos_solution(), which might be used for evaluating the current solution, but I'm not sure. 

Another idea: The previous code uses a loop over multiple initial guesses and then runs optimization steps. Maybe instead of using a fixed number of steps, using a more adaptive approach where we track the best solution and refine it further. 

Alternatively, the previous code uses differential evolution for a few iterations and then SLSQP refinement. Maybe trying to use a more sophisticated optimization strategy, like using a combination of local and global optimization. 

Another thought: The current code may be getting stuck in local minima because it starts from certain guesses. So, using a different initial guess, like a random one that's adjusted to meet the constraint sum(h) = n_points / 2, could help. 

But how to generate such a random guess? The previous code already does that with the random_guess. 

Alternatively, generating multiple random initial guesses and optimizing them. 

Another point to consider: The previous code uses the same n_points (45) as the initial_h_values. If we can find a better solution with a different n, perhaps that would help. But the initial_h_values may be the starting point for a certain n, and changing n would require starting from scratch, which could be time-consuming. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a smaller n_points, say 32, which allows for faster computation. However, the user says that smaller sequences are preferred, so perhaps that's a way to improve. 

But the initial_h_values is for a specific n. How to know what that n is? The initial code uses initial_h_values, which may have len(h) = 45. 

So, assuming that the initial code uses n=45, but maybe trying with n=32. However, without knowing the initial_h_values, this is challenging. But the user says to use initial_h_values if available. 

So, given that, I think I should proceed with the initial n of 45. 

Another idea: The previous code uses multiple guesses, but maybe there's a more efficient way to generate those guesses. For example, instead of generating pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, perhaps using different patterns such as multiple overlapping steps. 

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate the initial guesses. For example, using a regular grid of steps or other structured patterns. 

But given the time constraints, perhaps I should focus on optimizing the existing approach. 

Another observation: The current code's C₅ is 0.381142, and the goal is to get lower than 0.380876. So even a small improvement is needed. 

Perhaps the code can be modified to use a more aggressive optimization strategy. For example, increasing the number of iterations in the differential evolution or using a better initial guess. 

Alternatively, trying to use the particle swarm optimization (PSO) method, which is another global optimization technique. 

But given the time constraints, implementing PSO might not be feasible. 

Alternatively, maybe using a different constraint handling in the optimization. For example, using a penalty method for the constraints. 

Wait, in the previous code, the cons function ensures that the sum of h is exactly target_sum. The SLSQP method uses equality constraints. That's correct. 

Another point: The objective function is to minimize the maximum correlation. However, the current code uses the maximum correlation as the objective. However, since the max is a non-smooth function, the optimization might be challenging. 

Maybe using a different approach for the objective function. For example, considering the maximum as a convex function and using a convex optimization method. But I'm not sure if that's feasible. 

Alternatively, using a surrogate function that approximates the maximum, such as a sum of penalties for each shift. But that could be complex. 

Another idea: Since the correlation is computed over all possible shifts, maybe the maximum occurs at specific shifts. For example, shifts that are equal to the length of the interval. But how to know? 

Alternatively, considering that the maximum occurs at k=0.5, 1.0, etc. So, maybe focusing on optimizing for those specific shifts. However, this might not be sufficient. 

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to compute the correlation. The current code uses np.correlate with mode='full'. However, this could be optimized. For example, precomputing all possible shifts and their corresponding integrals. But I'm not sure. 

Alternatively, using a more efficient numerical method for the integral. But perhaps that's not necessary. 

Another thought: The current code uses SLSQP with certain options. Maybe adjusting the options, like increasing the number of iterations or changing the tolerance, could lead to a better solution. 

For example, increasing maxiter in SLSQP or reducing ftol. 

In the previous code, the SLSQP has options {'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11}. Perhaps increasing maxiter or decreasing ftol could help find a better minimum. 

Alternatively, using a different solver, such as COBYLA or L-BFGS-B. 

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is suitable for equality constraints. 

Another idea: Combining the differential evolution with a more precise local optimization. For example, running differential evolution for a few iterations and then applying SLSQP to refine the solution. 

The previous code does this. So maybe increasing the number of generations in differential evolution could help. 

Alternatively, using a different mutation and recombination strategy in differential evolution. 

For example, using a higher mutation factor to explore more of the search space. 

Another possible improvement is to use multiple phases of optimization. For example, first optimizing with a broad search, then tightening the constraints and optimizing further. 

In the previous code, the first phase uses several guesses, then differential evolution, then refinement with SLSQP. 

Perhaps trying a different ordering of these steps, or varying the parameters. 

Another thought: The current code's initial guesses include several predefined functions. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, including functions that are more complex or have different structures. 

Alternatively, trying to generate initial guesses based on certain mathematical properties, such as functions that have minimal overlap with their shifts. 

For example, using a function that has a certain number of steps that are evenly spaced. 

Alternatively, using a function that is symmetric around the center of the interval, to reduce overlaps. 

Another approach: The problem is similar to the problem of minimizing the maximum correlation between a function and its shifts. This might have known techniques or heuristics in signal processing or information theory. 

For example, in digital signal processing, the goal of designing a signal with low autocorrelation is known, such as in the case of Barker codes. However, the problem here is different since it's about minimizing the maximum correlation with shifted versions of 1-h. 

But perhaps using similar ideas, like designing a signal that is as uncorrelated as possible with its shifted versions. 

In that case, the optimal function might be a periodic sequence with certain properties. 

But how to translate that into a step function over [0,2]. 

Another idea: Using a function that is a combination of overlapping steps in a periodic way. For example, a function that is turned on for certain intervals and off for others in a pattern that repeats after certain shifts. 

But this is getting too vague. 

Back to code: The previous code uses several predefined functions. Maybe generating more initial guesses based on different patterns, such as square waves, sawtooths, etc., with varying frequencies and duty cycles. 

Alternatively, using random initial guesses with certain structures. For example, generating random initial steps that are more uniform. 

But the previous code already includes some of these. 

Perhaps the key is to improve the optimization steps and parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters. 

Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm like the Nelder-Mead method. 

Another observation: The previous code's differential evolution uses a popsize of 100 and maxiter of 50. Maybe increasing the maxiter to 100 could allow more exploration. 

But given the time budget, each iteration of DE takes some time. 

Alternatively, using a smaller popsize. 

Also, the code has multiple phases: initial guesses, then DE, then SLSQP refinement. Maybe structuring this better could help. 

Another possible improvement is to use a better initial guess. For example, instead of the initial_h_values, generating a more optimal initial guess. But how? 

Wait, the user says that the initial_h_values is provided, and I should use it directly. So that's the starting point. 

Another idea: Instead of using a fixed number of guesses, progressively refining the search space. For example, after generating a few good candidates, using them as seeds for further refinement. 

But this might not be necessary. 

In conclusion, the previous approach uses a combination of guess functions and optimizations. To improve it, I should focus on:

1. Using a better optimization method or adjusting parameters to allow for more thorough exploration of the search space.
2. Generating more diverse initial guesses.
3. Using a more efficient way to compute the objective function or constraints.
4. Adjusting the balance between global and local optimization steps.

Given the time budget, the most feasible approach is to modify the optimization parameters and possibly change the initial guesses. 

So, in the code, I can try to:

- Increase the number of iterations in differential evolution.
- Use different initial guesses, perhaps with more variety.
- Adjust the SLSQP parameters to allow for more precise optimization.
- Add more sophisticated initial guess patterns, like different waveforms.

Another possible change is to use a different initial guess that is not based on the initial_h_values but generated randomly with a better structure. For example, a random initial guess that is normalized to meet the integral constraint. 

But the code already has a random_guess in the guesses list. 

Another idea: Use a different initial guess generator, such as a randomly perturbed version of the initial_h_values. 

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate the initial guesses. 

Given all this, I think that modifying the parameters of the optimization steps and increasing the number of iterations in DE could help. 

So, I will adjust the code to:

- Use a larger number of iterations for differential evolution.
- Possibly adjust the mutation and recombination parameters.
- Use a better initial guess generation.

Additionally, I can try to use a different optimization method for the refinement step. 

Another possible change is to use a different initial guess that is structured, like a periodic function with specific properties.

Now, considering the code structure, I need to replace the previous code with an improved version. Let me outline the changes:

1. Increase the maxiter in differential evolution to allow more exploration.
2. Use different mutation and recombination parameters.
3. Add more initial guesses based on different patterns.
4. Adjust the SLSQP options for tighter convergence.

But since the code has to be concise and fit within the token limit, I need to make these changes in a compact way.

Additionally, considering that the previous code's best solution is 0.381142, I need to make sure that the new code can find something better. 

Another thought: The current code's initial guesses may not be sufficient. For example, the code generates pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves with certain parameters. Perhaps adding more initial guesses such as square waves, or other waveforms could help. 

But adding more functions may increase the code's complexity. 

Alternatively, using a parametric approach to generate more initial guesses. For example, varying the frequency and duty cycle of a pulse wave. 

Alternatively, using a random initial guess with certain properties. 

But given the time constraints, I think it's best to adjust the optimization parameters and the number of iterations.

Let me proceed to modify the code accordingly.

The current code uses differential evolution for a few iterations and then SLSQP refinement. I can increase the number of iterations and adjust the parameters for DE.

For example, increasing maxiter from 50 to 100, and possibly adjusting mutation and recombination parameters.

Also, the previous code uses multiple initial guesses. Maybe adding more guesses from different patterns could help.

Another possible change is to use a different initial guess for the random guess, such as using a specific distribution.

But again, the code needs to be concise.

In conclusion, I will rewrite the code to:

- Use a more aggressive differential evolution with more iterations.
- Adjust the mutation and recombination parameters.
- Add more initial guesses.
- Use a better initial guess for the random case.

This should increase the chances of finding a better solution.

Now, translating all this into code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_tri(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 11):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in np.linspace(0.2, 0.8, 4):
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in np.linspace(0.2, 0.8, 4):
        guesses.append(gen_tri(3, duty))
    random_guess = np.random.rand(n_points)
    random_guess = (target_sum / np.sum(random_guess)) * random_guess
    guesses.append(random_guess)
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(6):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 5:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```