<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for C₅ by finding a better step function h. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess. But maybe I can find a different approach. Let me think about what's needed.

First, understanding the problem: We need to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is essentially the maximum correlation between h and 1-h shifted by different k. The goal is to make this maximum as small as possible. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1.

The previous code used a starting point and then optimized with SLSQP and differential evolution. But perhaps a better approach is to use a different initialization strategy or optimization method. Maybe using a genetic algorithm with better parameters, or a different kind of initialization that's more tailored to the problem.

Wait, the current best bound is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. So even a small improvement could be significant. Let me think about the structure of h. Since the function needs to be a step function with samples, maybe there's a structured way to design h. For example, using a periodic pattern, or irregular intervals where h is 0 or 1.

Another idea: Since the overlap integral is maximized over shifts, maybe we can model this as a periodic function. For instance, if h is designed to have certain symmetry or periodicity, the shifts might not lead to high overlap. Like, if h is a repeating pattern every certain interval, maybe the overlaps across different shifts can be controlled.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem. But since we're dealing with maxima over different shifts, it's non-convex. So maybe using a heuristic approach is necessary.

Looking at the previous code, the initial guess was from initial_h_values, which is a 45-sample array. Maybe using a different initial guess, like a more balanced pattern, would help. For example, constructing a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that avoids overlapping when shifted.

Alternatively, maybe a ternary approach, where h takes values 0, 1/2, or 1, to make the overlaps more controlled. But the problem requires h to be a step function, which implies it can take any values between 0 and 1, but perhaps with discontinuities. However, in practice, the sample points are used to approximate this.

Wait, the code uses a step function represented by samples, so maybe the key is to arrange the 1s and 0s in such a way that when shifted, the overlap (integral of h*(1-h shifted)) is minimized. For example, if h is designed to avoid large overlaps when shifted by any k in [0,2], then the max would be minimized.

Another thought: Since the integral is over [0,2], and the shift k can be any value. But the code uses the correlation function, which for the full mode would give all possible shifts. The maximum of this correlation is what determines C₅.

So, to minimize the maximum correlation, perhaps h should be designed to have a low pairwise correlation with its shifted versions. This is similar to a signal processing problem where the goal is to have a signal with low autocorrelation. However, in this case, it's cross-correlation with 1-h.

In signal processing, sequences with low autocorrelation are called "low autocorrelation sequences" and are used in things like CDMA. Maybe similar principles can be applied here. The goal is to design h so that when shifted, the overlap with 1-h is minimized.

But since the problem is constrained by the integral of h being 1, it's a bit different. Let me think: The integral of h is 1, which means the average value of h over [0,2] is 0.5. So h is like a binary or ternary signal with an average of 0.5.

In the case of binary signals, the maximum possible C₅ would be determined by how well the signal avoids overlaps with its shifts. If we can find a binary sequence with low cross-correlation, that would help. However, binary sequences with low autocorrelation are known, but in this case, the cross-correlation with 1-h is the key.

Another approach: Let's consider that the overlap integral for shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x+k)) dx. Since h(x) is between 0 and 1, this term is similar to the probability that h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. Wait, perhaps not exactly, but it's a measure of how much they overlap at each x.

To minimize the maximum over k of this integral, we need h to be designed so that for any shift k, the regions where h is 1 and h is 0 are not aligned. So, arranging h such that when shifted, the 1s and 0s don't overlap.

But how to design such a function? Maybe using a pattern that's non-repeating and has a certain level of randomness. However, with the constraint that the total area is 1, which is a fixed value.

Alternatively, perhaps using a piecewise constant function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged such that shifts of these intervals do not overlap much. For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are spaced out, then shifted versions would not overlap much with 1s in the original.

But how to balance this with the integral constraint. Suppose the length of the intervals where h is 1 is such that the total area is 1. For example, if the intervals are of length s, and there are m intervals, then m * s = 1. But if the intervals are arranged to be separated by a certain distance, then shifts by k would not overlap these intervals.

But this is getting a bit abstract. Let's think of an example. Suppose h is 1 on two intervals of length 0.5 each, placed at positions [0.25, 0.75] and [1.25, 1.75]. Then, when shifted by k=0.5, the first interval would overlap with the second, increasing the overlap integral. Hmm.

Alternatively, if the intervals are arranged such that their centers are spaced apart by more than twice the length of the intervals. For example, if intervals are of length l, then their centers should be spaced by more than 2l to avoid overlap when shifted. But this would require that the total area is 1, which is dependent on l and the number of intervals.

But with the integral being 1, the total length of 1s is 1. So for example, if there are n intervals each of length a, then n * a = 1. To prevent overlapping when shifted by certain k, the spacing between intervals must be such that shifting by k won't cause overlap. However, this seems too simplistic, and may not account for all possible shifts.

Another idea is to use a sawtooth or triangular wave. For example, a function that is 1 for a fraction of the interval and 0 otherwise. But again, the exact shape would need to be optimized.

Let me think about the previous code. It starts from a certain initial guess, then uses multiple optimization steps. However, maybe the optimization parameters could be adjusted for better results. For instance, using a more efficient optimization method, or adjusting the number of iterations.

But the previous code's result was 0.381142, which is slightly higher than the current record of 0.38085. So perhaps there's room for improvement. Maybe by using a different initial guess or optimizing with different parameters.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more sophisticated optimization strategy, such as Bayesian optimization or a particle swarm algorithm, could yield better results. However, given the time budget, implementing a more complex algorithm might not be feasible.

Another angle: The problem is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. This is equivalent to finding a function h such that the maximum of the cross-correlation over all shifts is as small as possible. This is similar to a minimax problem.

In the context of signal processing, this is akin to designing a signal with minimal cross-correlation with its shifted versions. However, the exact constraints here are different. For example, the integral of h is fixed, and h is a step function.

An alternative approach could be to model the problem as a quadratic programming problem. Since the objective function involves the maximum of several linear functions (each being a cross-correlation for a shift k), but taking the maximum makes it non-convex. However, if we could approximate the maximum with some relaxation, perhaps it's possible to use convex optimization.

But given that the problem is non-convex, and the number of possible shifts is large (depending on the number of samples), convex relaxation might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, perhaps we can use a greedy approach. For example, iteratively adjust h to reduce the maximum overlap. But without knowing the exact maximum, this is tricky.

Another idea: Since the integral is 1, which is the same as saying that the average value of h is 0.5. So h is in a way a binary signal with an average of 0.5. If we design h to be such that when shifted, the overlap between the 1s and 0s is minimized. This might be similar to a balanced binary code with certain properties.

But how to translate that into a step function with samples?

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal h is a periodic function with certain period. For example, if h is periodic with period T, then the cross-correlation with h shifted by k would depend on the relation between k and T.

But since the integral is 1, T would have to be chosen such that the average over one period is 0.5. For example, if T is 2, then the average is 0.5. But then shifting by T would repeat the function, so the overlap would be the same as the original function. However, other shifts would depend on the structure within the period.

But this is getting too vague. Perhaps instead of trying to find a theoretical approach, I should focus on improving the existing code's approach.

In the previous code, they used SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a different optimization method, like a genetic algorithm with more population size and better mutation parameters, could yield better results. However, integrating a genetic algorithm into the code might be time-consuming and require careful parameter tuning.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. The initial guess from initial_h_values might not be optimal. So perhaps generating multiple different initial guesses, such as pulses, sine waves, or other patterns, and optimizing them could lead to better results.

Another thought: Since the current code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points), maybe using a smaller number of samples could lead to faster computations and better exploration. For example, choosing n_points=100 instead of 45 might allow for more flexibility in the step function. However, the problem states that the user prefers smaller sequences with less than 1k samples, and the previous code used 45 samples. Maybe going to a slightly larger n_points (like 100 or 120) could allow for more precise optimization, but within the time budget.

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to generate initial guesses. The previous code used sine waves, pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more types of waves or modifying the parameters could help explore more possibilities.

Also, the optimization process in the previous code loops through multiple guesses and then uses differential evolution and SLSQP. Perhaps increasing the number of guesses or varying the parameters of the waves could lead to better results.

Another idea: The cross-correlation is maximized for certain shifts, but these shifts are determined by the shape of the function. Maybe if we can find a function that has low cross-correlation for all shifts, that would be ideal. However, this is a challenging problem.

Let me also think about the evaluation of the cross-correlation. The code computes the correlation of h with (1 - h) using numpy.correlate with mode 'full', then multiplies by dx. The maximum of this gives C5.

So, the cross-correlation at shift k is the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. The maximum over all k is the C5 value we need to minimize.

To reduce this max, we need to reduce the integral for the worst-case shift k. So, designing h such that for any k, the integral is as small as possible.

Another approach is to model this as a variational problem. Suppose we can analytically find the optimal h. But since h is a step function and the integral is over a continuous domain, this seems intractable. However, maybe using some symmetry or regularity in h can help.

For example, suppose h is symmetric around 1.0, so that the function is 1 for some interval and 0 for another. But since the integral is 1, this would require specific lengths of intervals.

Alternatively, perhaps using a three-level function. For example, having h take values of 0, 0.5, or 1, arranged such that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

But without knowing the exact structure, this is difficult. However, given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to tweak the existing code to use more effective optimization methods or better initial guesses.

Looking back at the previous code, the initial guess is based on initial_h_values, and then they generate several other guesses, like sine pulses, sawtooth, etc. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, adding more types of waveforms or varying the parameters more widely.

Another idea is to use a combination of different optimization strategies. For example, first using differential evolution to find a good candidate, then refining it with SLSQP. The previous code did this, but maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the parameters could lead to better results.

Also, the code uses a fixed number of guesses. Maybe varying the number of guesses or testing different parameters in the generation of these guesses could help.

Another optimization: The previous code uses multiple iterations of differential evolution and then local optimization with SLSQP. Perhaps interleaving these steps or using more iterations would improve the result.

In addition, the code uses a fixed dx, which is based on the number of samples. For different n_points, dx changes. But the previous code uses a fixed n_points (45) based on initial_h_values. However, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe trying different n_points values could yield better results. However, given the time budget, it's better to stick with a manageable n_points.

So, the plan is:

1. Start with the initial_h_values, generate more initial guesses with different patterns.
2. Use a more efficient optimization strategy, possibly combining differential evolution with SLSQP.
3. Experiment with different parameters in the optimization steps to find better results.
4. Ensure that the code stays within the time budget, returning the best solution found before time runs out.

Let me think about specific changes. For example, the initial code generates guesses by varying frequency and duty cycle. Maybe adding more types of functions, like rectangular pulses with different widths, or more complex waveforms, could help. Also, varying the amplitudes and frequencies more widely.

Alternatively, perhaps generating initial guesses that are more evenly spaced, or have more balanced 1s and 0s, could help avoid local optima.

Another idea: Using a grid search over possible parameters for the generated functions, but given the time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a more robust optimization method. For example, changing the SLSQP options to use a smaller tolerance or more iterations.

In the previous code, the SLSQP has options with ftol=1e-10 and maxiter=300. Perhaps increasing maxiter or adjusting ftol could yield better results.

Another thing: The differential evolution in the previous code uses popsize=100, maxiter=50, which might be too limited. Maybe increasing the maxiter or adjusting the mutation parameters.

But given the time budget, it's better to make the code as efficient as possible, so that the optimization steps can run for longer.

Now, considering the code structure, perhaps the key improvements are:

- Generating a variety of initial guesses to avoid getting stuck in local optima.
- Using multiple optimization steps with different methods (like differential evolution followed by SLSQP).
- Adjusting the parameters of the optimization algorithms to improve convergence.

Another thought: The code uses the same n_points as the initial_h_values (which is 45). Maybe using a larger n_points (e.g., 100) could allow for more precise tuning, but would require more computation. Given the time budget, it's better to stick with a smaller n_points but optimize more effectively.

Alternatively, maybe using a different n_points. For example, if the initial_h_values have 45 points, but using 100 points could allow for more detailed adjustments. However, the code needs to be efficient, so perhaps using 100 points would take longer. The previous code used 45 points with differential evolution and SLSQP, which might have been manageable.

In the previous code, after the initial guesses, they perform differential evolution for 5 iterations and then local optimization. Maybe increasing the number of differential evolution iterations or the population size could help. However, the time budget is tight.

Another possible optimization is to use a different optimization library. The current code uses scipy.optimize. What other optimizers are available? The problem statement allows using cvxpy, which is a convex optimization library, but since the problem is non-convex, it's not directly applicable. However, perhaps using a more efficient implementation of SLSQP or other methods.

Another idea: The previous code uses the same initial_h_values, but maybe the initial_h_values is not the best starting point. If the initial_h_values is a certain pattern that's suboptimal, then generating a better initial guess could help. For example, generating a random initial guess that satisfies the integral constraint, which could be more promising than the existing one.

For example, generating a random h where the sum is 1, then optimizing. But this might be too time-consuming. Alternatively, using a random starting point that's in the feasible region.

So, here's a plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as one guess.
- Generate additional guesses by creating different patterns (like pulses, sine waves, etc.), but with varying parameters.
- For each guess, perform an optimization that combines differential evolution followed by SLSQP.
- Track the best result found.
- Return the best result.

Also, adjust the parameters of the optimization steps to get better convergence, like increasing the number of iterations, or using different tolerances.

In the previous code, the SLSQP optimization is called with a certain number of iterations, but maybe increasing the maxiter could help.

Another change: The code uses a loop for the guesses, but maybe the number of guesses is too low. Adding more guesses with different patterns could help.

Let me outline the code changes:

1. Generate more types of initial guesses. For example, adding more pulse frequencies, different sawtooth and triangle wave parameters, or other waveforms.
2. Adjust the differential evolution parameters to have more iterations or a larger population size.
3. Increase the number of SLSQP iterations.
4. Ensure that the optimization steps are as efficient as possible, avoiding unnecessary computations.

Also, considering that the current best is around 0.381, and the target is 0.380876, perhaps even a slight improvement could be achieved by fine-tuning the initial guesses and optimization parameters.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include pulses, sine waves, sawtooth, and triangle waves with different frequencies and duty cycles. To expand this, maybe adding more frequencies or varying duty cycles more widely.

Another idea: Using a random initial guess that satisfies the integral constraint. For example, creating a random sequence where the sum is 1, then optimizing. This could help escape local optima.

But generating such a random guess would need to be done carefully. For example, to create a random h with sum 1, we can generate random values between 0 and 1, then normalize the sum to 1. But this could lead to a non-uniform distribution, but it's a possible approach.

Alternatively, creating a grid of possible pulses or other patterns, but again, this is time-consuming.

In code, the generated guesses are created with functions like gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, gen_sine. Each of these functions takes parameters like frequency and duty cycle. Expanding the range of parameters could help.

For example, in the previous code, the pulse frequencies range from 2 to 10, and the duty cycles are 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6. Maybe extending the frequency range or duty cycle variations could yield better results.

Moreover, adding more types of functions. For example, a square wave or a combination of different waveforms.

Another point: The previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with the SLSQP method. Perhaps using a different method, like COBYLA, could be better for certain problems. But without knowing, it's hard to say.

Also, the evaluation function obj computes the maximum correlation, and the constraints ensure that the sum of h is 1. The optimization is over the h values, which is a high-dimensional problem (with n_points variables). So, even with 45 variables, this is a non-trivial optimization.

In summary, to improve the result, the code should:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses.
- Use more effective optimization methods and parameters.
- Explore the search space thoroughly within the time budget.

So, modifying the code to include more initial guesses, possibly by adding more functions, and adjusting the optimization parameters.

Another idea: After generating initial guesses, perhaps track the best solution and use it as a starting point for further optimization. This is what the previous code does with the best_h variable. However, the code may not be exploring enough.

Additionally, the code uses a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP. Differential evolution is good for global optimization, while SLSQP is good for local refinement. However, the differential evolution in the previous code runs for a limited number of iterations, and the SLSQP is applied to the results.

To improve, perhaps increasing the number of differential evolution iterations or adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution.

Another adjustment: The previous code uses a popsize of 100, which might be too large for 45 variables. Perhaps reducing the population size to speed up the computation, allowing more iterations.

But without knowing the exact effect, it's hard to say. However, the code must stay within the time budget.

In the end, the code needs to be structured to generate diverse initial guesses, perform global optimization, then refine with local optimization, and return the best result found within the time limit.

Thus, the improved code would include:

- More diverse initial guess methods.
- Better optimization parameters.
- Efficient use of the time budget to explore the search space.

Now, translating these ideas into code modifications.

The previous code uses:

for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
    guesses.append(gen_sine(freq, 0.5))

Maybe expanding the frequency range or duty cycles, adding more types of functions. For example, adding gen_square or other waveforms.

Alternatively, creating more random initial guesses.

But given the time and code length constraints, perhaps adding more guesses with different parameters would help.

Also, in the code, the number of iterations for the optimization steps could be increased. For example, in the differential evolution step, increasing maxiter from 50 to higher.

Another adjustment is to increase the number of initial guesses. For example, using more frequencies or more duty cycles.

So, in code, perhaps:

Adding more frequencies to the pulses and sine waves.

For example:

for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 15, 18]:
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_sine(freq, 0.5))

Similarly, for sawtooth and triangle waves, adding more frequencies.

Also, varying the duty cycles more widely, like including 0.1, 0.7, etc.

Another idea: Adding a random initial guess. For example, generating a random h with sum 1, and adding it to guesses.

But how to do that efficiently?

For example, generate a random array of 0s and 1s, but then adjust to meet the sum constraint. However, since the function is step and sum must be 1, this may not be efficient. Alternatively, generate a random array of values between 0 and 1, then scale it to have sum 1.

But generating such an array could be done as:

np.random.rand(n_points) / np.random.rand(n_points).sum() * 1

Wait, no. To generate a random array with sum 1, you can generate random numbers and normalize them.

But this is probabilistic, and may not be as effective as structured guesses. However, it could help in exploring the search space.

Adding such a random guess could help escape local optima.

Thus, in code, the guesses could include both structured and random initial guesses.

However, generating a random guess requires a certain amount of computation, but since it's just one guess, it's manageable.

So, in code, after the existing guesses, add a random guess.

Now, considering all these thoughts, the revised code would include:

- More frequencies for initial guesses.
- More duty cycles.
- Random guesses.
- Adjusted differential evolution parameters.

The code would also need to stay within the time budget, so the number of iterations and population sizes must be balanced.

In summary, the improvements would be:

1. Expanded initial guesses with more frequencies and duty cycles.
2. Added random initial guesses.
3. Adjusted optimization parameters for better convergence.
4. More iterations of differential evolution and SLSQP optimization.

Now, translating these into code modifications.

The previous code has a loop where guesses are added to a list, and then optimized. To expand this, perhaps:

- Expand the freq list to include more values.
- Add more duty cycles or other parameters.
- Add a random guess.

Additionally, in the differential evolution step, increase the iterations to 100 or more.

But given the time budget, increasing the number of iterations may not be feasible. Need to adjust parameters carefully.

Now, writing the code.

The code will start by using the initial_h_values as a guess. Then, generate more guesses using various functions. For example:

Adding more frequencies to pulse and sine waves:

for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 15, 18]:
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_sine(freq, 0.5))

Similarly for saw and triangle waves.

Also, adding a random guess:

np.random.seed(seed)
rand_guess = np.random.rand(n_points)
rand_guess = rand_guess / np.sum(rand_guess) * 1.0
guesses.append(rand_guess)

But need to ensure that it's within [0,1] and the sum is correct.

But since sum(rand_guess) is around 1, scaling it to have sum 1.

Wait, the initial code requires sum(h) == n_points / 2. Wait, no: the constraint is sum(h)*dx=1, which is sum(h) = n_points / 2.

So, the random guess should have sum = n_points / 2.

So, generate a random array, normalize it, then scale to have the desired sum.

For example:

rand_guess = np.random.rand(n_points)
rand_guess = rand_guess / np.sum(rand_guess) * (n_points / 2)

But this may not be necessary, because the initial guesses are already constrained via the constraints in the optimization. However, the optimization process handles that.

But in the code, the guesses are generated without considering the sum constraint, so they may not satisfy sum(h) = n_points / 2. Hence, to generate a random guess that satisfies this constraint, we need to generate it properly.

So, for example:

rand_guess = np.random.rand(n_points)
rand_guess = rand_guess / np.sum(rand_guess) * (n_points / 2)

But this would make the sum exactly n_points/2.

But the optimization will handle the constraints, so it's okay to generate initial guesses that have any sum, because the optimization will adjust them to meet the constraint.

Alternatively, generate a guess with any values, and let the optimization handle it. However, the constraints in the optimization objective ensure that the sum is correct.

Therefore, generating random guesses with any sum is acceptable, as the optimization will adjust them to meet the sum constraint.

So, adding a random guess to the list of guesses.

Another change: In the differential evolution step, increase the maxiter to 60 or 70, and increase popsize.

But need to balance this with the time.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is run for maxiter=50 and popsize=100. Perhaps increasing maxiter to 100, but this may take longer.

Alternatively, adjust the mutation parameters.

Also, in the code, the SLSQP optimization is called multiple times. Perhaps increasing the maxiter for SLSQP to 500, and lowering ftol.

Another adjustment is to use a more aggressive tolerance in the SLSQP steps.

Now, putting all these ideas into the code.

The revised code will:

- Generate more guesses with different parameters.
- Add a random guess.
- Adjust the differential evolution parameters.
- Increase the SLSQP maxiter.

Now, the code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        return np.max(np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_sine(freq, amp):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(amp * np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x) + 0.5, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        return np.random.rand(n_points) * (target_sum / n_points)

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 15, 18]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_sine(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```