<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The task is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The current best is around 0.38085, and the previous code achieved 0.381142. My goal is to get lower than that, ideally approaching 0.380876 or better.

The previous approach used SLSQP optimization with different initial guesses, including pulse, sawtooth, and triangle wave patterns. It also did differential evolution and refinement steps. But maybe there's a way to improve this.

First, I should consider the constraints. The function h must have integral 1 over [0,2], so the average value is 0.5. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since the integral is over [0,2], shifting by k means we have to consider how the function overlaps with itself shifted by different amounts. For k in [0,2], but when k exceeds 2, the integral wraps around? Or is the integral over the overlap region?

Wait, the problem says the integral is over [0,2] for each k. So for a given k, the integral is from x=0 to x=2 of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. However, when x + k exceeds 2, h(x + k) would be zero if we assume h is zero outside [0,2]? Or is the integral over [0,2 - k], but the problem states the integral is over [0,2]. Hmm, the original problem's code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which for h(x) and 1 - h(x) would compute the cross-correlation over all possible shifts, but the actual integral for each k is over the overlapping interval. Wait, maybe the integral is over [0,2], and when x + k is outside [0,2], h(x + k) is considered zero? Or perhaps the integral is over the intersection of [0,2] and [x, x + 2], but that's unclear. But the code uses the full convolution, which might be correct.

In any case, the problem is to minimize the maximum value of this integral over all k. So the goal is to design h such that when you shift it by any amount, the area where h is 1 and the shifted h is 0 is as small as possible.

The previous code uses a starting point with 45 samples, which is probably a prior construction. The current approach uses optimization with SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe that's not sufficient. So what can I do differently?

Perhaps the key is to use a more structured approach. For example, maybe the optimal function has a periodic structure, or certain symmetry. Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method that can find better minima.

Let me think about alternative strategies. The previous code used multiple initial guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, etc. Maybe that's too focused on certain shapes. What if I consider using a combination of pulses or some other patterns? Or perhaps a more mathematical approach, like using Fourier analysis or optimization over a parametric family of functions.

Another idea is to model the problem as an optimization with constraints. The integral over each shift is a constraint. But that's a lot of constraints. However, since we are only required to minimize the maximum of those integrals, perhaps we can use a robust optimization approach where we try to find a function that keeps the integrals low for all shifts.

Alternatively, since the problem is about maximizing the minimum overlap, perhaps we can model it as a minimax problem. But solving such problems directly is challenging.

Another approach: The integral for a given k is ∫h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Expanding this, we get ∫h(x) dx - ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx. The first term is 1, since ∫h(x) dx =1. So the integral simplifies to 1 - ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, the problem becomes to minimize the maximum over k of [1 - ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx]. Therefore, maximizing the minimum overlap is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, the problem is equivalent to finding h that minimizes max_k ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx. Because of the 1 - ... term.

So the problem can be rephrased as minimizing the maximum value of the auto-correlation of h at different shifts. Therefore, the optimal h should have low auto-correlation over all shifts. This is similar to the concept of low autocorrelation binary sequences, but here it's continuous and the integral is over the entire domain.

In the case of binary sequences, the problem is similar to finding a sequence with low autocorrelation, which is related to the concept of Barker codes. However, this is a continuous case, and the function is not necessarily binary but can take any value between 0 and 1. However, perhaps a similar approach can be used.

So maybe the optimal h is constructed using a function with minimal self-overlap. For example, a periodic function with certain symmetries. For instance, if h is a square wave or a triangular wave, then the autocorrelation would have peaks at certain shifts. Alternatively, perhaps a function composed of multiple pulses spaced in such a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem?

The previous code uses a starting point with 45 samples. Let me think: 45 points would give dx = 2/45 ≈ 0.0444. Maybe using a higher number of points would allow for more precise tuning, but the user mentioned that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, so maybe 45 is acceptable. However, the previous code might have a high n_points, but in the given code, the initial_h_values is 45 points. So maybe the code uses that as a starting point.

But to find a better bound, perhaps I can explore different initial setups. For example, maybe using a different initial guess, like a triangular wave with certain parameters, or a combination of multiple pulses.

Another idea: since the minima for the integral over shifts are influenced by the function's structure, perhaps using a function with high symmetry or specific patterns. For example, a function consisting of multiple intervals where h is 1 or 0, arranged such that shifting it by any amount leads to minimal overlap.

Alternatively, maybe using a function that is a combination of multiple low-overlap patterns.

But how to translate this into code? The previous code uses SLSQP with different initial guesses. Maybe the issue is that the optimization is getting stuck in local minima, so trying different starting points and optimization strategies could help.

Another approach is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) or genetic algorithm (GA), which might explore the search space better. However, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm. But perhaps with different parameters, it could be more effective.

Alternatively, maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach, but that might be more complex.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values is probably a known construction. Let me think: if that's the case, maybe the previous code is starting from that, but maybe there's a way to improve it by modifying the initial guess.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum integral over shifts, perhaps the optimal function has a certain number of "chunks" where it is 1 or 0. For example, a function with 5 equal parts, leading to a certain shift that would minimize the overlap.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that's a combination of multiple shifted pulses. For example, if the function is made of several non-overlapping pulses that are spaced such that shifting by any amount would result in minimal overlap between the pulses.

But how to model this?

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal function is a step function with a certain number of steps, arranged symmetrically. For example, if h(x) is a step function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged so that when shifted, the overlapping regions are minimized.

But designing such a function would require considering the shifts. For example, if the function is made of m intervals, then shifting it by certain amounts would overlapping those intervals.

But this seems complex for a programming solution.

Alternatively, maybe using a heuristic: for a given h, the maximum overlap integral occurs for certain shifts. For example, when the shift is such that the function overlaps with itself as much as possible. So the goal is to make the function as "spread out" as possible, so that shifts don't cause too much overlap.

Another thought: since the function is over [0, 2], and the integral must be 1, the average value is 0.5. Therefore, a function that is 1 in half of the interval and 0 in the other half would have a higher overlap for certain shifts. But maybe arranging these intervals such that they don't overlap when shifted.

For example, if the function is 1 on [0, 0.5] and [0.5, 1], etc., but that's not clear. Perhaps a better way is to have multiple intervals spaced apart.

But how to model this?

Perhaps the previous code can be improved by using a different initial guess, such as starting with a more optimal distribution. For example, using a sine wave or other periodic function that might have lower self-overlap. Alternatively, using a more symmetrical pattern.

Another possibility: the problem is similar to minimizing the L-infinity norm of the cross-correlation function. So perhaps regularizing the optimization to minimize the maximum value.

Alternatively, considering the Fourier transform of the function. Since the cross-correlation is the convolution of the function with its time-reversed version, the Fourier transform of the cross-correlation is the product of the Fourier transform of the function and its conjugate. Therefore, to minimize the maximum cross-correlation, the function's Fourier transform should be designed to have minimal peaks. However, this is a more mathematical approach and may not be straightforward to implement in code.

But perhaps this can give some insight. For example, if the Fourier transform has a flat magnitude, then the cross-correlation would have minimal fluctuations. However, the function must integrate to 1 and be between 0 and 1.

Alternatively, using a function that is a low-pass filter, but again, this is abstract.

Back to the code: the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. But perhaps using a different optimization strategy would yield better results. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate functions, followed by local refinement with SLSQP.

Another thought: the current code uses 45 points. Maybe using a higher number of points could allow for more precise optimization. However, the user prefers sequences with less than 1k samples. So 45 is acceptable. Wait, but the initial code has 45 samples, so perhaps using a different n_points would be better? For example, maybe 60 or 80 points could allow for more flexibility. But the user said that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, larger sequences might allow for better optimization. The user's previous code might have a higher n_points than 45, but in the provided code, the initial_h_values might be 45. But the code uses that as an initial guess. So perhaps trying with 60 or 80 points could help.

But the user's code is called with the initial_h_values, and the run function is supposed to return (h_values, c5_bound, n_points). Therefore, the code should generate h_values with the same n_points as initial_h_values, which is 45.

Wait, but the initial_h_values is a global variable. So in the code, the initial_h_values is provided when a parent construction exists, which may be the case here. So the code can use the initial_h_values as the starting point. However, the user might have a different initial_h_values with, say, 45 points. So the code should handle that.

But perhaps the key is to improve the optimization process. Let me think: the previous code uses a series of initial guesses, including various pulse and triangle wave functions, and then does differential evolution and refinement. Maybe the issue is that the optimization is not exploring enough of the search space. Alternatively, the SLSQP with a limited number of iterations may not converge to a good solution.

Perhaps a better approach is to use more sophisticated methods. For example, using a gradient-based method with a better initialization. Or using a hybrid approach: first perform differential evolution to explore the search space, then use SLSQP to refine the solution.

Another idea: the problem is a constrained optimization problem, with the integral constraint. The previous code uses the SLSQP method with constraints. But maybe using more aggressive settings, like higher maxiter or better tolerances, could help.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, perhaps creating a function that is a combination of several pulses spaced to minimize overlap. For instance, if the function has 5 pulses, each spaced such that when shifted by certain amounts, they don't overlap much.

But how to generate such a function? For example, if the function is 1 for a small interval, then 0 for some time, then 1 again, etc. This would require careful placement of the intervals.

Alternatively, using a function that is a step function with several intervals. For example, if the function is 1 on 5 intervals, each of length 0.3, then the total integral is 5 * 0.3 = 1.5, which is more than 1. So need to scale it. Wait, the total integral is 1, so the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h=1 must be 1. Since the interval is [0,2], maybe having 4 intervals each of length 0.25 (total 1), but that's just an example.

But how to choose the placement of these intervals to minimize overlap when shifted. For example, placing them spaced apart so that a shift by any amount would not cause two intervals to overlap.

But this seems like a complex optimization problem. However, for a step function with fixed number of intervals, this could be manageable.

But perhaps the previous code's approach using continuous functions is more flexible. So maybe the key is to improve the optimization process.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of initial guesses, perhaps use a more systematic way of generating initial points. For example, using a grid search over parameters of the initial functions, like frequencies and duty cycles, but this might be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, using a simplex method or other optimization algorithms.

But the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method. So maybe it's a good idea to improve that part of the code.

Wait, in the previous code, the differential evolution is called with a population size of 80 and maxiter=50. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help. However, with a time budget of 100 seconds, the code must be efficient.

Alternatively, using parallelization, but with only one CPU available, that's not possible.

Another idea: since the function is a step function, perhaps discretizing it into a few segments and optimizing their placement. For example, using a greedy approach to place intervals to minimize overlap.

But this is more of a combinatorial optimization problem, which is NP-hard. However, with a small number of segments, it might be feasible.

But the previous code uses a continuous function, which may allow for better optimization. So perhaps the key is to use more advanced optimization techniques.

Another thought: the integral for each shift is 1 - ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx. To minimize this, we want to design h such that the product h(x)h(x +k) is as small as possible for all k. 

If the function h(x) is such that where it is 1, it's 0 elsewhere, then the product would be zero. But that would require h(x) to be 0 or 1, but with integral 1. However, since h is a step function, this is possible. For example, if h is a step function that is 1 on a set of measure 1, then when shifted by k, the overlap is the measure of the intersection between the set and its shift. Therefore, the integral would be equal to the measure of overlap. To minimize the maximum overlap, the set should be arranged so that when shifted, the overlap is minimal.

This is similar to the problem of placing points on a circle to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted. For example, for the set of points with certain spacing, the maximum shift leading to overlap is minimized.

But this is for a discrete problem. For the continuous case, the optimal function would be a set of points arranged in a way that the maximum overlap is minimized. However, I'm not sure about the exact solution.

But for a step function with a certain number of segments, this could be a way to approach the problem. For example, using a regular pattern of intervals spaced apart to minimize overlap.

But how to implement this in code?

Perhaps the previous code's approach of using different initial guesses can be enhanced by focusing on structured functions. For example, generating multiple versions of the same pattern with different parameters and optimizing them.

Another idea: the previous code uses the initial_h_values as one of the guesses. Maybe this initial guess is not optimal. So, perhaps we can try to generate better initial guesses based on some known constructions or mathematical insights.

Alternatively, maybe the current best construction is based on some known result. For instance, perhaps there's a known lower bound or a construction for C₅ that is better than the previous code's result.

Alternatively, perhaps the code can be modified to use a more efficient way of generating initial guesses, such as using randomization combined with some structure.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap integral, perhaps using a Lagrange multipliers approach. The objective is to minimize the maximum of ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx over all k, subject to ∫h(x) dx =1 and h(x) in [0,1]. This is a min-max problem, which is challenging.

But for the purpose of coding, perhaps focusing on the evaluation function and the optimization method is more practical.

In terms of code improvements, perhaps the previous code could be enhanced by using more efficient ways to generate initial guesses, like using more structured patterns, or using different optimization algorithms.

Another idea: instead of using random guesses, use a more systematic approach. For example, creating a set of candidate functions with different parameters (like triangle waves, pulse trains, etc.) and optimizing them in parallel.

Alternatively, use a more efficient optimization library. For example, using the more recent optimization solvers available in scipy or other packages.

But the previous code uses scipy.optimize, which is already quite comprehensive.

Alternative plan: Let's outline the steps for the new code.

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generate a set of initial guesses with different structures, like pulses, triangles, etc., with varying parameters.
3. Perform differential evolution with these initial guesses.
4. Refine the best solution using SLSQP.
5. Additionally, try other optimization strategies, such as using a hybrid approach with different solvers.
6. Consider using a different number of points, if it's feasible within the time budget.

But the initial code already does these steps. So what's different? Maybe trying different parameters for the optimization steps, such as increasing the population size in differential evolution, or adjusting the mutation and recombination rates.

Another thought: the differential evolution's mutation parameter is set to (0.5, 1.0), which means that the mutation is a random vector scaled by a random value between 0.5 and 1.0. Increasing this range may allow for more exploration. Alternatively, decreasing it to explore locally.

Alternatively, using a different method, like a genetic algorithm with a binary representation, but that might not be efficient.

Another idea: instead of using the full correlation, perhaps precompute the integral for the shifts and use that in the objective function. But the code already does that.

Another possible optimization is to consider the integral over k. But since the maximum must be minimized, it's challenging to include all k in the objective.

Wait, the code uses the maximum of the correlation, which corresponds to the maximum integral. So the code is correct in that.

Now, considering the previous code's performance, which achieved C5 = 0.381142, and the goal is to get lower than 0.380876. To achieve that, the code needs to find a function where the maximum of the integrals is below this threshold.

Perhaps the key is to explore the search space more thoroughly. The previous code uses multiple initial guesses, but maybe a better way is to use a more efficient optimization method.

Alternatively, using a combination of different optimization strategies. For example, first using a population-based method to explore the search space, then applying local optimization for refinement.

Another idea: since the problem is a constrained optimization problem, using a penalty method to handle the constraints. However, the code already uses SLSQP with constraints, which is a good approach.

But maybe the previous code's SLSQP refinement steps are not sufficient. Perhaps using more iterations or better initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate the initial guesses. For example, using a grid search over certain parameters, but this could be time-consuming.

In conclusion, the previous code's weaknesses may be the limited number of initial guesses and the optimization parameters. To improve it, perhaps the following changes can be made:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses by generating more varied patterns.
2. Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP to allow more exploration and refinement.
3. Use more efficient preprocessing steps to generate better initial guesses.
4. Consider using a different starting point, such as a more optimal initial guess based on some known construction.

So, modifying the previous code to include these ideas.

Let me think about how to implement these changes in code.

First, generating more initial guesses. The original code generates pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves with different frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe adding more structures, such as sinusoidal waves with different phases, or combinations of different waveforms.

Also, instead of adding random guesses, perhaps using a more structured approach to generate initial guesses with optimal parameters. For example, using known good configurations for certain waveforms.

Another idea: since the current best is 0.38085, which is very close to the target 0.380876, the code needs to find a slightly better solution. Perhaps introducing more aggressive mutation during optimization, or using a different optimizer.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to guide the search towards better regions.

But Bayesian optimization might be complex to implement within the code constraints.

Another possibility is to increase the number of iterations in the optimization process. For example, in the differential evolution step, increasing the number of iterations or population size. But this must be balanced against the time budget.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is called with maxiter=50. Perhaps increasing this to 100 or 200 would allow for better exploration, but would take more time. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, so need to balance between the number of iterations and the time.

Also, the code has a refinement step where it performs SLSQP iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps could help.

Another idea: the previous code uses the initial_h_values as one of the initial guesses. What if we modify this initial guess to be better? For example, by improving it through some heuristic.

But since the initial_h_values is provided as a global variable, we can't modify it directly. However, we can use it as a starting point and then optimize further.

In terms of code structure, the previous code has a function gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle. Perhaps adding more functions for different waveforms or patterns.

Another thought: the maximum overlap integral occurs for certain k values. Perhaps the code could focus on minimizing the overlap for specific k values that are more critical. For example, if there's a known k where the overlap is the maximum, optimizing to reduce that particular k's integral may help. But this requires knowing which k's are important, which is not straightforward.

In the absence of such knowledge, it's safer to optimize over all k's simultaneously.

Another possible optimization: reduce the number of points to around 60-70, which allows for more efficient computation. However, the user prefers sequences with less than 1k samples, and 45 is acceptable. So maybe keeping the same number of points is better.

Overall, the previous code is a good starting point. To improve it, perhaps making the following changes:

- Increase the number of initial guesses with more varied patterns.
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution to explore more thoroughly.
- Increase the number of refinement steps.
- Use more aggressive mutation parameters in the differential evolution.

Let me try to code these changes.

For example, in the initial guesses, generate more pulse and triangle waves with different parameters. Also, perhaps adding more random guesses. Also, adjust the differential evolution parameters.

Another idea: in the differential evolution, set the mutation parameter to (0.8, 1.2), which could lead to more exploration. Also, increasing the population size to 100 and maxiter to 100.

But given the time budget, we need to balance.

In code, the differential evolution is called with:

res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=80, maxiter=50, mutation=(0.5, 1.0), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)

Maybe increasing popsize to 100 and maxiter to 100.

Also, in the refinement steps, increase the number of refinement iterations.

Another idea: use a different optimization method for the refinement step, like BFGS, which is a gradient-based method. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is suitable for constrained problems.

But the Hessian may not be available, and the function is non-convex. So SLSQP might be sufficient.

Another approach: parallelize the optimization steps. But with only one CPU, this isn't possible.

In conclusion, modifying the previous code to:

- Generate more initial guesses with varied parameters.
- Adjust the differential evolution parameters to allow more exploration.
- Increase the number of refinement steps.
- Maybe include additional patterns in the initial guesses.

Thus, the new code would look something like this, with these adjustments.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty, phase):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip((np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x + phase) + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty, phase):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1 + phase) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty, phase):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1 + phase) * duty
    
    def gen_random():
        return np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
    
    def gen_zero_half():
        return np.zeros(n_points) + 0.5
    
    def gen_zero_third():
        return np.zeros(n_points) + 0.3
    
    def gen_zero_seventh():
        return np.zeros(n_points) + 0.7
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 15]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5, np.random.uniform()))
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 15]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.5, np.random.uniform()))
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 15]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.5, np.random.uniform()))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        for freq in [3, 5, 7]:
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty, np.random.uniform()))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        for freq in [3, 5, 7]:
            guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty, np.random.uniform()))
    guesses.append(gen_random())
    guesses.append(gen_zero_half())
    guesses.append(gen_zero_third())
    guesses.append(gen_zero_seventh())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 1.2), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```