<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of optimization methods like SLSQP, differential evolution, and Powell to refine the step function h. But the current best is around 0.3811, and the target is 0.380876. Hmm, how can I get better?

First, I should think about the problem. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since h is a step function, maybe there's a way to structure it so that for any shift, the overlap is minimized.

The previous approach used a starting point (initial_h_values) and then tried various optimization methods. But maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, instead of periodic or binary functions, maybe something more structured, like using multiple overlapping intervals or considering symmetry.

Wait, the previous code had a few different initial guesses, like periodic functions with different periods and binary functions with different frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe I can generate more varied initial points or use different patterns. Also, maybe using more sophisticated starting points that are based on some known optimal structures.

Another thought: The problem is similar to design of functions that minimize the maximum correlation. Maybe using Fourier analysis could help here. Since the integral is over a certain shift, perhaps the function's Fourier coefficients play a role. But I'm not sure how to translate that into an optimization problem.

Alternatively, considering that h is a step function, maybe we can model it as a piecewise constant function with specific breakpoints. For example, if we can partition the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 0 or 1, maybe we can find an optimal partition.

Wait, the constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So the total area under h is 1. Since h is a step function, it's made up of intervals where h is 0 or 1. Therefore, the length of the intervals where h is 1 must sum to 1. So the problem becomes choosing intervals of length L_i such that sum L_i = 1, and then arranging them in [0,2] to minimize the maximum overlap.

But this seems like a combinatorial problem. Maybe it's too complex to model directly. However, perhaps using a greedy approach or some heuristic would help. But the previous code uses numerical optimization, which might be more effective.

Another angle: The overlap integral for a shift k is the sum over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). But since h is a step function with finite points, maybe we can compute this integral for different k values quickly. The maximum over k is what we need to minimize.

In the previous code, the evaluation is done using numpy.correlate, which computes the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h. The maximum value is then multiplied by dx to get the integral. So, the code is correct in that aspect.

But maybe the optimization can be improved. The previous code uses a series of optimization steps: starting with some initial guesses, then using SLSQP, differential evolution, and Powell's method. However, perhaps using different algorithms or adjusting the parameters can lead to better results.

Wait, differential evolution might be useful for global optimization, but maybe with more careful tuning. Also, the current code uses a fixed number of iterations for each method, which might not be optimal. Maybe a combination of global search and local refinement would be better.

Another idea: The problem is similar to the covering problem or the optimal arrangement of points. Maybe using a branch-and-bound approach with some pruning could help, but that might be too slow within the 100s time limit.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guesses can be more structured. For example, what if we use a pattern that is optimal for overlapping shifts. For instance, a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a certain pattern, but spaced such that shifts don't overlap much.

Wait, the target is C₅ ≤ 0.380876, which is very close to the current best of 0.3811. So maybe there's a small improvement to be made by tuning the parameters or changing the approach.

Let me think about how to generate better initial points. The current code uses periodic functions and binary functions. Maybe I can generate more types of functions. For example, combining different waveforms or using a more complex structure.

Alternatively, using a random search with some structure. Since the initial_h_values are given, perhaps starting from that and perturbing it could help. But the previous code already uses that as a starting point.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into an optimization problem where each position's value is chosen to minimize the maximum overlap. But that seems like a complex problem.

Another idea: Because we need to minimize the maximum of the overlaps, maybe we can use a two-phase approach. First, find a function that has low overlaps for a few shifts, and then refine it to improve the worst case.

Or perhaps use a greedy algorithm that iteratively adjusts the function to lower the maximum overlap. For example, for each shift k, compute the overlap, and then adjust h where it's contributing the most to that overlap. But how to implement this in code?

Wait, but the optimization problem is convex? Probably not. The objective is to minimize the maximum of several non-convex functions, so it's a non-convex problem. Thus, local minima might be tricky.

The previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. But the constraints are the sum of h being exactly 1/2 (since the sum is n_points / 2, given that dx is 2/n_points). So the constraint is linear. The objective is non-convex, so SLSQP might get stuck in local minima.

Another approach: Maybe using a different optimization method for the initial steps, like a genetic algorithm, which can explore the search space more thoroughly. However, genetic algorithms are generally slower and might not fit within the time budget.

Alternatively, using a more efficient method for the initial global search. For example, instead of differential evolution, maybe a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach? But again, requires code implementation.

Alternatively, using a more efficient version of the existing optimization. Maybe adjusting the number of iterations or the parameters for the differential evolution, like increasing the population size or adjusting the mutation parameters.

Also, the previous code uses multiple refinement steps, like refining with Powell's method. Maybe that's helpful. But maybe there's a way to combine different optimization strategies more effectively.

Another thought: The initial guess might be the bottleneck. The previous code starts with the initial_h_values, but perhaps generating a different initial guess could lead to a better solution. For example, using a different pattern than the initial one.

Wait, but the problem says that if initial_h_values is available, we should use it directly. So I can't change that. So the starting point is fixed. So the code uses the initial construction and then tries to improve it.

So perhaps the issue is with the optimization steps. Maybe the previous code isn't sufficient. For example, maybe using more effective local optimization steps after finding a good initial solution.

Another possible idea: The problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral, which is equivalent to minimizing the maximum over k of the integral. But the maximum is over all k, so maybe for each k, we can model the integral as a function of h, and then find the h that makes all those integrals small.

But this is complex. However, using the fact that for each shift k, the integral is the sum over x of h(x) (1 - h(x+k)), which can be thought of as the area where h is 1 and (1 - h) is 1, i.e., where h(x) = 1 and h(x +k) = 0. So the integral is the area of overlap between the regions where h is 1 and the regions where h is 0 shifted by k.

Thus, the maximum overlap is the maximum over all k of the area of the intersection between h=1 and h'=0 shifted by k.

To minimize this, we want the h function to avoid having large overlaps with any of its shifted versions.

One approach is to arrange the regions where h is 1 in such a way that they are spaced apart, so that when shifted, they don't overlap much with other regions. For example, if we have multiple non-overlapping intervals of 1s, spaced out such that their shifts don't align with other intervals too much.

Alternatively, maybe using a function with symmetric properties. For example, if h is symmetric around the midpoint of [0, 2], then shifts might be easier to control.

But how to translate this into an algorithm?

Perhaps the previous code is trying to find such a function via optimization, but perhaps it can be improved by generating better initial guesses. For example, instead of using a periodic function, maybe using a function that is a union of several intervals spaced periodically, but with varying lengths.

Another idea: The initial_h_values might be a good starting point, so perhaps building upon it by adjusting certain parts. For example, if we can identify regions where the current function has high overlaps, we can tweak those regions to reduce the overlap.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For instance, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Perhaps using a more advanced solver or adjusting the tolerance parameters could lead to better results.

Also, the code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but maybe with a larger population size or more iterations. However, the time budget is limited, so we need to balance between different optimization steps.

Another thought: The current code uses multiple refinement steps. Maybe using a different refinement approach, like a more efficient local search, could help.

Additionally, the code computes the maximum over all k of the cross-correlation. But perhaps there are certain k values that are more critical, and focusing the optimization on those could be beneficial.

Wait, the cross-correlation is computed for all possible k. However, the maximum over all k might be dominated by certain values of k. For example, shifts that are small or that correspond to certain periodicities. So maybe, during the optimization, we can prioritize reducing the maximum for these critical k values.

But how to implement that? Maybe by adjusting the objective function to weight certain k's more heavily. However, the problem requires minimizing the maximum over all k, not a weighted sum.

Alternatively, during the optimization, if we can find the k that gives the maximum value, and focus the optimization on that particular k, but that seems like a local approach.

Another idea: Since the function is defined over [0, 2], maybe the periodicity of certain shifts can be exploited. For example, shifts by 1 unit (since the interval is length 2) might be more critical. So the function could be designed to avoid having overlapping regions when shifted by 1 or other specific values.

But again, translating this into an algorithm is not straightforward.

Let me think about possible code improvements. The previous code uses multiple steps: first some initial guesses, then differential evolution, then SLSQP refinements, then Powell. Perhaps changing the order or combining some steps could help.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values might be a certain pattern, but maybe there's a better initial pattern that's not considered. For instance, using a function that's a combination of multiple intervals, but with different lengths and positions.

Alternatively, using a more structured approach. For example, generating a function with multiple intervals that are spaced in such a way as to minimize overlap when shifted. For example, if the function has intervals of lengths l_1, l_2, ..., and the positions are such that the intervals don't align when shifted by any k. But designing such a structure is non-trivial.

Another angle: The problem resembles the problem of finding a set of points in a circle that minimizes the maximum overlap when shifted. This is similar to the problem in combinatorics. For example, the Erdős problem is about finding the minimal maximum overlap, which is related to the Erdős distinct distances problem or other similar combinatorial problems. However, I'm not sure about the exact connection.

Wait, the original Erdős problem on minimum overlap: the question is about the minimal C such that for any function h with ∫h=1, there exists a shift k where the overlap is at least C. The constant C₅ is the known upper bound of that value. Our task is to find a better upper bound by finding a function h that minimizes the maximum overlap over all shifts.

So the code is trying to find such a function h. The previous code uses optimization methods, and our job is to improve that.

Let me think about possible code changes. The previous code uses a lot of steps. Maybe the differential evolution step could be more efficient. For example, increasing the population size or the number of iterations, but that would consume more time.

Alternatively, using a different solver. For instance, using the SLSQP method with more iterations, or using a different optimization library like scipy's minimize with different methods.

Also, considering the time budget of 100 seconds. The previous code runs several steps, each with their own time. Maybe the time spent on the initial steps could be optimized.

Another idea: Since the function is to be a step function, perhaps it's possible to represent h as a set of intervals where it's 1, and then model the problem as choosing the positions and lengths of these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap. However, this seems complex because the number of intervals could be variable, and the overlaps would be complex to compute.

But perhaps with n_points being 45, we can model this as a binary optimization problem where each sample is either 0 or 1, but that might not lead to better results.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more effective heuristic. For example, the initial code has guesses based on periodic functions and binary signals. Maybe adding more such guesses could help explore the space more.

Another possible change: The previous code uses a limited number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more varied initial guesses would help. For example, using different types of functions, or more parameters.

Alternatively, trying to use a parametric form. For example, assuming a specific structure for h, like a certain number of intervals arranged symmetrically, and then optimizing the parameters of that structure.

But how to code that? Maybe generating functions with varying numbers of intervals and optimizing their positions.

For example, suppose we have m intervals (where m is a parameter), each of length l_i, and their positions x_i. The total length of intervals is sum l_i = 1. Then, the overlap with shifts would depend on whether the intervals align when shifted. However, modeling this for all possible shifts is complex.

But for the purpose of code, perhaps this approach is not feasible.

Another idea: Since the problem is symmetric, maybe the function h is designed to be symmetric around the center of [0,2], i.e., around x=1. This could reduce the number of shifts to consider, as shifting by 2 - x would correspond to the symmetric position. So maybe focusing on symmetric functions could help.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values might be symmetric. If that's the case, then ensuring the optimized function is symmetric could be beneficial. However, the code doesn't enforce symmetry, so it might not be.

So perhaps modifying the optimization to encourage symmetry. For example, adding a constraint that the function is symmetric, orPenalizing asymmetry in the objective function. But this might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, ensuring that the initial guesses are symmetric, and then the optimization steps explore around that.

But again, this requires careful implementation.

Another thing to consider: The current code's initial guesses are based on a few patterns, but perhaps generating more patterns or varied initial guesses would help. For example, using more complex waveforms or functions with different properties.

Alternatively, using a combination of genetic algorithms and local optimization. But given time constraints, this might not be feasible.

In conclusion, the main ideas for improvement are:

1. Improve the initial guesses by generating more varied starting points.
2. Adjust the optimization parameters to better explore the search space.
3. Use more efficient optimization methods or combinations.
4. Consider symmetry in the function to reduce the search space.
5. Focus optimization efforts on the most critical shifts.

Let me think about how to implement this in code.

First, the initial guesses: the previous code has a few guesses. Perhaps adding more, such as functions based on other waveforms or different structures.

Another idea is to use the initial_h_values as the starting point and then perform local optimization steps with different methods.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimization method. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP and Powell. Maybe using a more sophisticated method or adjusting the tolerances.

Also, considering that the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations, maybe allowing more iterations could help. However, with the time budget, this needs to be balanced.

Another possible change: instead of using multiple guesses, maybe focus on a few good initial points, like the initial_h_values and a few other patterns.

Alternatively, perturbing the initial_h_values slightly to generate new starting points.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to better explore the search space and refine the solutions more effectively.

Let me think about possible code changes. For example, in the previous code, after generating the initial guesses, there's a loop that uses differential evolution on those guesses, then SLSQP refinements. Maybe changing the order of these steps or increasing the number of iterations.

Alternatively, using a more aggressive differential evolution with more iterations.

Another idea: use the initial guesses but with different parameters. For example, increasing the mutation and recombination parameters for differential evolution.

Another aspect is that the previous code uses 'ftol' and 'eps' parameters for SLSQP. Maybe adjusting these could lead to better results.

Also, in the refinement steps, the code uses Powell's method. Maybe using a different method, like Nelder-Mead, could help.

Another thought: the current code may not have enough diversity in the initial guesses, leading to getting stuck in local optima. Adding more diverse initial points could help.

For example, the initial guesses are:

- periodic functions with periods 4,5,6,7.
- binary functions with different frequencies and duty cycles.
- a random guess.

Perhaps adding more initial guesses, such as functions based on other patterns, such as triangular waves or other waveforms.

Alternatively, using a different approach to generate the initial guesses. For example, instead of generating deterministic functions, generate some random ones with certain properties.

But how to code this? For example, generating random functions with a certain average value, but ensuring the sum is correct.

Alternatively, creating a set of functions with different characteristics that could potentially lead to better overlap.

In terms of code, perhaps the initial guesses can be expanded. For example, adding more periodic functions, binary functions with other parameters, or even functions based on other mathematical constructs.

Another possible change: in the code, after generating the initial_guesses, the code uses a for loop to apply SLSQP on each guess. Maybe instead of doing this, apply differential evolution on the initial guesses, then refine with SLSQP.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess generation strategy. For example, generating functions that are the initial_h_values perturbed in various ways.

But again, this is getting complex.

Given time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the existing code to focus more on refining the solution with better optimization steps and perhaps adding more effective initial guesses.

So, the plan is:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Generate additional initial guesses with different patterns.
- Use more effective optimization methods and parameters.
- Refine the solution with more iterations and better convergence criteria.

So, modifying the previous code to include more initial guesses and adjust the optimization steps.

For example:

- Add more periodic functions with varying periods.
- Add more binary functions with different parameters.
- Use a different optimization method for the initial steps, like differential evolution with more population size.
- Increase the number of iterations for SLSQP and Powell.

But I have to keep the code within the 100s time limit and within the token limit.

Another idea: maybe using the initial_h_values and then performing a grid search or some other structured search around it, but this is not feasible with the code.

Alternatively, considering that the initial_h_values might have poor performance, perhaps using another initial guess that's better. But without knowing the initial_h_values' content, it's hard to say.

Another thought: The cross-correlation is maximized when the function h and 1-h overlap as much as possible. So, to minimize the maximum correlation, we need h to have regions where it is 1 and 0 in such a way that shifts don't cause overlap.

Maybe designing h to have "non-overlapping" regions in the sense that, when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

For example, using a function that is 1 in a single interval of length 1 (since the total area is 1). Then, shifting this function would cause overlap with itself. But this is not good. So, a single interval would have a high overlap for certain shifts.

Thus, distributing the intervals (regions where h is 1) more evenly might reduce overlaps. The current initial_h_values might be designed with multiple intervals.

But how to implement that? Maybe by using more intervals.

But again, this is a design choice that could be implemented through the code.

In conclusion, to improve the code's performance, the following changes could be made:

1. Generate more varied initial guesses, such as different waveforms and patterns.
2. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better exploration of the solution space.
3. Use different optimization methods with more effective parameters.
4. Refine the solution more effectively with multiple steps of optimization.

Now, implementing these changes in the code. For example, adding more initial guesses, increasing the number of iterations for the optimization steps, and adjusting parameters for better convergence.

Another possible change: reducing the number of initial guesses and focusing on the most promising ones. But without knowing the current initial_h_values, it's hard to tell.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include periodic functions and binary functions. Maybe adding more binary functions with varying frequencies and duty cycles could help exploration.

For example, adding binary functions with different frequencies and duty cycles, like (8, 0.1), (3, 0.5), etc.

Also, perhaps using other waveforms, like triangular or sawtooth, but generating them as step functions.

However, implementing all of this may take more code, but it's manageable.

In terms of code, I can modify the guesses list to include more diverse functions. For example, adding more binary and periodic functions.

Another possible improvement: using the initial_h_values as the first guess, then generating other guesses based on it. For example, perturbing the initial guess slightly.

But this might not be feasible in the code.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values and a few other patterns and optimizing them.

Finally, adjusting the optimization steps. For example, increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution, or adjusting the population size.

Another thing: the previous code uses a for loop for the guesses and then a loop for differential evolution. Perhaps combining these steps differently could help. For example, using differential evolution on all initial guesses in parallel.

But given time constraints, it's better to focus on adjusting the existing steps.

So, in the code, after generating the initial guesses, the code loops through them and applies SLSQP optimization. Maybe this can be replaced with a more efficient approach, like using differential evolution with the initial guesses as starting points.

But again, this requires careful implementation.

In summary, the plan is to enhance the existing code by adding more initial guesses, adjusting optimization parameters, and improving the refinement steps.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_periodic(period):
        return np.clip(0.5 + 0.5 * np.sin(2 * np.pi * np.arange(n_points) / period), 0, 1)
    
    def generate_binary(freq, duty):
        return np.clip(np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * np.arange(n_points)) > 0, 0, 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [generate_periodic(p) for p in [4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]]
    guesses += [generate_binary(f, d) for f, d in [(6, 0.2), (5, 0.3), (4, 0.4), (7, 0.1), (8, 0.15), (9, 0.25)]]
    guesses.append(np.random.rand(n_points))
    guesses.append(generate_binary(3, 0.5))
    guesses.append(generate_binary(10, 0.2))
    guesses.append(generate_periodic(10))
    guesses.append(generate_periodic(12))
    
    for guess in guesses:
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, guess, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(objective, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=30,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        if res.success:
            res_slsqp = optimize.minimize(objective, res.x, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                         constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                                         options={'maxiter': 50, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
            if res_slsqp.success and objective(res_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(res_slsqp.x)
                best_h = res_slsqp.x
    
    def refine_with_powell(h_init):
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, h_init, method='Powell', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'xtol': 1e-9, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 30})
        return res.x if res.success else h_init
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine_with_powell(best_h)
        if objective(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```