<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for C₅ by finding a better step function h that minimizes the overlap integral. Let me think about the previous approach and how I can enhance it.

The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution with some initial guesses. But maybe that's not the most efficient way. Let me consider alternative optimization strategies.

First, the main challenge is the high dimensionality of the problem. With 45 points, it's a 45-dimensional optimization problem. So, methods that can efficiently explore the space might be better. Maybe using a genetic algorithm with some fine-tuning? Or perhaps a more structured approach, like leveraging symmetry or patterns.

Wait, the previous code tried several initial guesses, like periodic and binary patterns, then used SLSQP and differential evolution. But perhaps the key is to find better starting points. Maybe using more sophisticated patterns or modifying the initial construction.

Also, the current bound is around 0.381, and the target is lower. So, I need to find a function that has lower overlap integrals for all k. How can I structure h to achieve this?

One idea is to use a function that alternates between 0 and 1 with some optimal spacing and duty cycle. Like a binary-valued function with varying duty cycles. Or maybe a function with periodicity that can minimize overlapping.

Another thought: the overlap integral for a shift k is ∫h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. To minimize the maximum over k, perhaps h should be designed to have low correlation with its shifted versions. This is similar to optimal coding or signal design problems.

Maybe using a function that has a repeating pattern with certain properties. For example, a function that is 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, such that the overlaps are minimized. The previous guess tried binary functions with different frequencies, but maybe a more optimal frequency or duty cycle could help.

Also, the previous code used differential evolution, which might get stuck in local optima. Maybe using a combination of methods: starting with a good guess, then refining with a local optimizer like SLSQP or Powell, and using some smart parameter settings.

Another angle: since the constraint is the integral of h over [0,2] equals 1, perhaps the optimal h is some kind of periodic function with a certain period. For example, if the function is 1 for half the interval and 0 for the other half, but that's probably not optimal. But maybe a more complex waveform.

Wait, the current initial_h_values may not be the best. If I can generate better initial guesses, that might lead to better results. For instance, using a more optimized pattern based on known results or mathematical constructions.

Let me think about the structure of the problem. The overlap integral is maximized over all shifts k. So for each k, we need to minimize that maximum. The function h should be designed such that shifting it by any k doesn't lead to a high overlap.

Maybe the optimal function is a periodic function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged in a way that the overlaps are minimized. For example, if h is a "flat" function with 1s and 0s arranged periodically, perhaps with a certain duty cycle.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that's a combination of multiple intervals, adjusted to balance the overlaps. Since the problem is related to the Erdős discrepancy problem, but in a different context.

Another idea: since the integral over [0,2] is fixed, we can model this as a constrained optimization problem. The function h is a step function, so perhaps we can parameterize it with a set of intervals where it's 1 or 0. Then, find the optimal intervals that minimize the maximum overlap integral.

But with 45 points, it's challenging to model all possibilities, so maybe a numerical approach is better.

Let me think about the existing code. It uses several initial guesses, then runs SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe we can do better by using different optimization strategies. For example, using a Bayesian optimization method, or a more efficient local search.

Alternatively, maybe using the genetic algorithm with some crossover and mutation operators that are tailored for this problem. But since the code must run within 100 seconds, it's important to balance the time.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (45), but perhaps using a smaller n_points could be more efficient, as the problem size is smaller. However, the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. But the initial_h_values given is for n=45, so maybe starting with that is necessary. But if there's a way to generate a better initial guess with fewer points, that might be better.

Wait, the user wants us to use the initial_h_values if available, so we can't change that. So we have to work with n=45.

Let me consider adjusting the optimization methods. For example, using a combination of local and global optimizers. The previous code tried SLSQP with some guesses and then differential evolution. Maybe adding more steps of refinement with different solvers.

Another point: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. So, for each shift k, compute the integral, then take the maximum. The cross-correlation is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), which gives the integral for all shifts k. So the maximum of that is C5.

To minimize this maximum, perhaps the function h should have certain properties. For example, being as "spread out" as possible, so that shifts don't result in high overlaps.

Another idea: maybe using a function that's piecewise constant with specific intervals. For example, if the function has intervals where it's 0.5, but that might not help. Alternatively, a function that's 1 in intervals of certain lengths, spaced apart so that their shifts don't overlap much.

But since h is a step function, it's just a binary function, but maybe with more than two states? Wait, the problem says h: [0,2] → [0,1], but in the discretization, it's represented as samples over [0,2], with each h[i] being in [0,1]. So it's a piecewise constant function with breakpoints at the sample points.

Therefore, the design of h is a vector of values between 0 and 1, with sum equal to n_points / 2.

So, the problem is to choose a vector h with these properties such that the maximum cross-correlation with 1 - h is minimized.

Maybe a way to approach this is to consider that the cross-correlation for shift k is sum_{x} h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)), and we need to minimize the maximum of this over all k. The key is to find h such that for all k, this sum is as small as possible.

This seems like a challenging optimization problem. One approach is to use a gradient-based method, but the function is non-convex and has many local optima.

Another approach is to consider the problem as minimizing the maximum of several functions. This can be handled with methods that minimize a max function, perhaps by using a penalty method or converting it into a constrained optimization problem.

But perhaps, instead of using a global optimizer like differential evolution, which is slow, we can start with a good initial guess and refine it with a local optimizer, such as SLSQP.

Alternatively, using a numerical library that allows for more efficient optimization. For example, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints, or the L-BFGS-B method.

Another idea: since the previous code had a high C5 value of 0.381, maybe there's a way to tweak the initial construction. For example, adjusting the values in the initial_h_values to have better overlaps. But since the initial_h_values is given, we might need to start from there.

Wait, the user says that if initial_h_values is present, use it directly. So we need to use the existing initial_h_values as the starting point. So maybe the previous code's initial guess wasn't optimal, and we can improve upon that.

Another thought: the current code uses a lot of steps and different optimizers. Maybe simplifying the approach by focusing more on refining the initial guess with a local optimizer, using methods like SLSQP with more iterations.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different perturbations of the initial guess.

Let me consider the previous code's approach. It first tries several initial guesses (periodic and binary), then uses SLSQP with those guesses. Then uses differential evolution, refining with SLSQP again.

But perhaps the key is to focus more on the initial guess. For example, using a better initial guess based on some known patterns.

Alternatively, using a different type of initial guess, like a function that's a combination of sine waves or some other periodic function.

Another approach is to use a random search with some structure. For example, generating random binary functions with certain parameters and evaluating them. But this could be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm. But implementing a genetic algorithm might be complex, and within the time budget.

Wait, the user says that we can use scipy, numpy, and other optimization libraries. So perhaps using differential evolution with better parameter settings.

Another idea: the problem is symmetric, and perhaps certain shifts are more critical than others. So, the maximum overlap may occur for specific values of k. Therefore, focusing the optimization on those shifts could help.

But how to do that in practice?

Alternatively, considering that the function h is over [0,2], the shifts k could be from 0 to 2, but due to the periodicity of the correlation, the maximum is achieved for some specific k. For example, k=1 or other values.

Therefore, maybe the key is to design h such that for k=1, 2, etc., the overlap integral is as small as possible. So, maybe focusing the optimization on those shifts.

But integrating this into the optimization function would require modifying the objective function. However, since the problem is to minimize the maximum, it's difficult to focus on specific shifts.

Alternatively, using a weighted objective function that penalizes certain shifts more than others, but this complicates the optimization.

Hmm. Given the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to refine the initial guess with more sophisticated optimization methods and better parameter settings.

The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution. Perhaps making the differential evolution parameters more effective. For example, increasing the popsize, but not too much to stay within the time budget.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimizer. For example, using the Powell method with a higher number of iterations.

Another idea: the problem is high-dimensional, so maybe using a direct search method like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is robust but can be slow. Or the BFGS method if the function is smooth.

But the objective function is the maximum of several values, which may not be smooth. So, the gradient might not exist everywhere, making methods like BFGS less suitable.

So, maybe the best approach is to start from the initial guess, apply a more thorough optimization using SLSQP with tighter tolerances, perhaps using a step-by-step refinement.

Another thing to consider is the constraints. The integral of h must be 1. So, when optimizing, any changes to h must maintain this sum. The current code uses a constraint for that.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where the constraint is incorporated into the objective function, but this might not be as efficient as using an equality constraint.

In the previous code, the SLSQP method was used with equality constraints. This is the correct approach.

Now, thinking about the parameters for the optimization. The previous code uses 'maxiter' of 250, and then in differential evolution 'maxiter' of 35. Maybe increasing these values could lead to better convergence, but that might take more time.

Alternatively, using a combination of different optimization phases. For example, a global search with differential evolution, then a local search with SLSQP.

Another thought: the current code uses an initial guess based on periodic functions. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different patterns could help. For example, functions with different numbers of intervals, varying lengths.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal function may have a certain symmetry. For instance, if the function is symmetric around 1, or has other properties.

But without prior knowledge, it's hard to design such a function.

Another idea: considering that the overlap integral is the same for k and 2 -k due to the interval [0,2]. So, the function h can be designed to exploit this symmetry. For example, making h symmetric around 1.

So, perhaps the initial guess should be symmetric, which may help in minimizing the overlaps.

The current initial_h_values may not be symmetric. If the initial guess is symmetric, that could lead to better results.

But how to check? Well, the user hasn't provided the actual initial_h_values, but assuming that the initial construction may not be optimal, we can try to generate symmetric initial guesses.

Alternatively, the code can start with the initial guess and then enforce symmetry during optimization. But this would require modifying the initial guess.

Alternatively, during the optimization, the function h is modified to be symmetric. This can be done by adding symmetry constraints, but that might complicate the optimization.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include periodic functions. For example, generate_periodic with period 4,5,6,7, and generate_binary with certain frequencies.

Maybe generating more varied initial guesses, such as functions with different shapes and parameters, could improve the chances of finding a better solution.

Another angle: the current code uses a limited set of initial guesses. Perhaps exploiting more of the available time budget by using more initial guesses or more steps of refinement.

But the time is limited. The code must run within 100 seconds.

Let me think about the optimization steps in the previous code:

- Generate several initial guesses (periodic and binary) and optimize each with SLSQP.
- Then, perform differential evolution on the best guess, followed by more SLSQP steps.
- Finally, refine with Powell method.

Maybe the key is to focus more on the initial guess, perhaps using a different initial guess that's better than the previous ones.

Alternatively, generating more initial guesses based on different patterns. For example, using a combination of different waveforms, like square waves, triangle waves, etc.

But without knowing the specific initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the user provides that the initial_h_values is available, so we can start from that.

But how to improve it? Perhaps by applying more sophisticated optimization steps on the initial guess.

In the previous code, after the initial guesses are processed, the code uses differential evolution to explore the space, then refines with SLSQP again. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a different method.

Alternatively, using a multi-level optimization approach: first a global search to find promising regions, then local optimization to refine.

Another idea: using the Powell method, which is a derivative-free optimization technique, which might be more effective in certain situations.

In the previous code, after the initial SLSQP steps, there's a refinement step using Powell, which might help.

But perhaps the Powell method can be applied more aggressively, or with different parameters.

Let me think about the code's structure. It has several phases:

1. Generate initial guesses (periodic, binary, random) and optimize with SLSQP.
2. Run differential evolution on the best guess, then refine with SLSQP.
3. Run Powell refinement multiple times.

Maybe the key is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization steps.

Alternatively, using a more accurate numerical method for the cross-correlation, but that's already handled by np.correlate.

Another possible improvement: instead of using the maximum over all shifts, perhaps shrinking the range of k considered. For example, since the function is defined on [0,2], the maximum shift k is 2. But the cross-correlation for k>2 would be zero, since the function is defined on [0,2]. Wait, the correlation is computed with mode='full', which gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. The length of the correlation array would be 2n_points -1, which corresponds to shifts from negative to positive.

But the actual shifts k that are relevant are those where the overlap is non-zero. For example, shifts from k=0 to k=2.

But the correlation for k=0 is the integral of h(x)*(1-h(x)), which is a fixed value. But in the problem statement, we need to maximize over all k, which could include shifts beyond the domain, but the integration is over the overlapping regions.

But the code uses the full correlation, which is correct.

Another possible optimization: precompute all possible k shifts and focus the optimization on those that contribute most to the maximum. However, this is challenging without knowing the function's behavior.

Considering the current code's performance, which achieved a C5 of 0.381, the target is to get lower. So, perhaps there is a way to find a function with lower peak cross-correlation.

Let me think of possible patterns. For example, a function that is 1 in certain intervals, designed to avoid overlapping with shifts. Suppose the function is a periodic square wave with specific duty cycle and frequency. Or a more complex waveform.

Alternatively, using a function that alternates between high and low values in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

For example, a function like h(x) = 0.5 + 0.5 * sin(pi*x), but adjusted to meet the integral constraint. Maybe this would have better properties.

But it's a continuous function, and in the discretized version, it would be sampled into the h_values array.

However, in the previous code, the initial guesses include periodic functions and binary functions. Maybe trying different shapes could help.

Another thought: since the problem has a certain symmetry, the optimal function might be piecewise linear or have other properties that can be exploited. But again, without knowing the exact form, this is speculative.

In summary, the key improvements to consider are:

1. Improve the initial guess by generating more varied and potentially better starting points.
2. Use a more effective optimization strategy, possibly combining global and local methods.
3. Focus the optimization on critical shifts, or use a more efficient local search method.
4. Refine the parameters of the optimization algorithms to improve convergence.

Since the previous code's initial guesses are based on periodic and binary functions, perhaps expanding that with more types of initial guesses could help. For example, functions that are combinations of different waveforms, or have varying duty cycles.

But generating more initial guesses might take more time, so it's a trade-off.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess that is better than the initial_h_values. For example, if the initial_h_values is known to be suboptimal, perhaps generating a new initial guess based on some known construction.

But without access to the initial_h_values data, this is difficult. However, the user says to use the initial_h_values if available, so perhaps the code can start with that.

So, the plan is to:

- Start with the initial guess provided.
- Apply a more thorough optimization using SLSQP with tighter tolerances and more iterations.
- Use differential evolution to explore other regions of the search space.
- Refine the results with multiple local optimizers (like SLSQP and Powell) to find the best possible solution within the time budget.

To implement this, the code needs to:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Perform multiple rounds of optimization.
- Use different optimization methods with appropriate parameters.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code used a loop over different guess types, then applied SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe the code can be adjusted to start with the initial_h_values as the first guess, then apply more optimization steps.

Alternatively, the code could first perform a differential evolution on the initial guess to explore nearby regions, then refine with SLSQP.

But the previous code already did something similar. Let me think about the code improvements.

One possible improvement is to increase the population size in differential evolution for the initial refinement steps. But with time constraints, that might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a more aggressive Powell method with more iterations.

Another idea: after the initial SLSQP steps, the code can perform more rounds of refinement using Powell or SLSQP with higher iteration counts.

Moreover, the current code uses a time-based stopping condition, but it's better to have a more adaptive approach that stops when the improvements are minimal.

In the previous code, after the initial steps, the code runs the Powell method for several iterations, but perhaps increasing the number of refinements could help.

Another thing to note is that the previous code uses np.random.seed(seed=42), which ensures reproducibility, but the optimization steps are not seeded, which is okay.

Putting it all together, the improved code might:

- Start with the initial_h_values as the base.
- Use a combination of global and local optimization steps.
- Use more aggressive parameters in the optimization methods.
- Perform multiple refinements with different methods.

Now, translating this into code. The previous code uses scipy.optimize's SLSQP and differential evolution. Let's try to adjust the parameters.

For example, in the differential evolution, increasing the popsize and maxiter, but within the time budget. Also, using a more accurate tolerance.

Additionally, the code can focus more on the initial guess and not rely on too many different guesses. Because the initial_h_values might already be a good starting point.

Another idea: when using SLSQP, using more iterations and tighter tolerances.

So, the revised plan for the code:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as the initial guess.
2. Perform a local optimization using SLSQP with many iterations and tight tolerances.
3. Run a differential evolution on the best result so far.
4. Refine with multiple iterations of SLSQP and Powell.
5. Return the best solution found within the time limit.

Moreover, the code could use a more efficient method for the initial steps, like the BFGS method, but it requires the objective function to be smooth.

However, the objective function is the maximum over several values, which may not be smooth, making BFGS less effective.

Therefore, sticking with SLSQP and differential evolution is better.

Another improvement: using a multi-start approach where multiple initial points are generated, possibly from the initial_h_values with small perturbations, and each is optimized.

But this could be time-consuming.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to increase the number of optimization steps and use more refined parameters.

Thus, the code would be adjusted to:

- Use the initial_gues as the starting point.
- Apply SLSQP with higher maxiter and tighter tolerances.
- Perform differential evolution on the best result.
- Apply Powell method multiple times to refine further.

But how to implement this in code?

The previous code already starts with the initial_h_values. So, perhaps modifying the code to focus on optimizing from this initial guess, rather than from multiple different guesses.

But the previous code's approach of using multiple guesses might have helped in escaping local optima. However, perhaps focusing on a few key initial guesses is more efficient.

In conclusion, the improved code would start with the initial_h_values, apply a thorough optimization using SLSQP with tight tolerances, then run differential evolution, and finally refine with Powell method, all while tracking the best solution found and stopping before time runs out.

Now, translating this into code.

The code would:

- Take the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Optimize using SLSQP with high maxiter and ftol.
- Then, run differential evolution on the result.
- Then, refine with Powell method multiple times.

This would reduce the number of initial guesses and focus on a more effective optimization strategy.

So, modifying the previous code to focus on the initial_h_values as the main guess, and perform multiple refinements.

Additionally, using a tighter ftol and eps in SLSQP, and more iterations.

The code would also check the remaining time and stop the optimization early if needed.

Another possible improvement: using the 'SLSQP' method with the 'constraints' and bounds properly set.

Another thing to ensure: the objective function is correctly computed.

So, the revised code would be similar to the previous one but with optimized parameters and focusing more on the initial guess.

In conclusion, by concentrating the optimization efforts on a refined initial guess and using a combination of optimization methods with adjusted parameters, we can potentially find a better solution, leading to a lower C5 bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_periodic(period):
        return np.clip(0.5 + 0.5 * np.sin(2 * np.pi * np.arange(n_points) / period), 0, 1)
    
    def generate_binary(freq, duty):
        return np.clip(np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * np.arange(n_points)) > 0, 0, 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [generate_periodic(p) for p in [4, 5, 6, 7]]
    guesses += [generate_binary(f, d) for f, d in [(6, 0.2), (5, 0.3), (4, 0.4), (7, 0.1)]]
    guesses.append(np.random.rand(n_points))
    
    for guess in guesses:
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, guess, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(objective, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=35,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        if res.success:
            res_slsqp = optimize.minimize(objective, res.x, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                         constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                                         options={'maxiter': 50, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
            if res_slsqp.success and objective(res_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(res_slsqp.x)
                best_h = res_slsqp.x
    
    def refine_with_powell(h_init):
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, h_init, method='Powell', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'xtol': 1e-9, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 30})
        return res.x if res.success else h_init
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine_with_powell(best_h)
        if objective(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```