<think>
Okay, I need to come up with a new approach for improving the upper bound of the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous strategies used optimization with SLSQP, genetic algorithms, and symmetry constraints. I should think of something different. Let me start by understanding the problem again.

The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral C₅, which is the maximum of the correlation between h and 1-h over all lags. The constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. The challenge is to find a construction that results in a lower C₅ value, aiming for 0.3807.

The previous approaches used optimization methods like SLSQP and genetic algorithms, but maybe there's a different way. Let me think about the problem's structure. The overlap integral measures the maximum overlap when shifting h by some k. Maybe I can model this as a covering problem or use some periodicity. Alternatively, considering the integral constraint, maybe there's a way to distribute the 1's in h to minimize the maximum overlap.

Hmm, what if I use a more structured approach based on mathematical properties of the function? For example, if h has a certain symmetry or periodicity, maybe it can reduce the overlap. Wait, the symmetry approach was used before, but perhaps with a different structure.

Another thought: the problem resembles finding a function that balances coverage so that when shifted, the overlap with its complement is minimized. This might relate to the concept of "covering" or "avoiding" overlaps. Maybe using a function that has intervals where h is 1 and 0 in a way that the shifts don't align too much with the complement.

Wait, perhaps using a function with multiple intervals. The previous examples used a 45-point array. Maybe increasing the number of points allows for finer control. But the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization.

Alternatively, I can think of this as a binary optimization problem where h is a vector of 0s and 1s, but with the constraint that the sum is n_points / 2. However, since the problem allows continuous values between 0 and 1, using a more sophisticated model might help.

Another angle: the overlap integral over a shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum of these integrals, we need to ensure that for any shift k, the overlap is small. This is similar to a robust optimization problem where we need to minimize the worst-case scenario.

What if I model this as a convex optimization problem with a specific structure? For example, using a Fourier transform approach. The correlation can be expressed as the Fourier transform of h multiplied by the Fourier transform of (1-h), but I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Wait, the problem is non-convex, so convex relaxation might not work directly. But maybe I can use a convex surrogate for the maximum operation. For example, minimizing the maximum over all lags can be approximated by minimizing the L-infinity norm, which is a convex problem. So, perhaps formulate the problem as minimizing the maximum correlation, which can be converted into a convex form by considering each correlation as a constraint.

But how to implement that? Let's think. The objective is C₅ = max over k of corr_k. To model this, we can introduce a variable t and add constraints that corr_k ≤ t for all k. Then, the problem becomes minimizing t subject to corr_k ≤ t for all k. However, calculating corr_k for each k would require quadratic constraints, which might be non-convex. 

Wait, the correlation for a given k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx over the overlap region. For a fixed k, this is a linear function in terms of h? Wait, no, because h(x + k) is a shifted version of h. This seems complex. 

Alternatively, if we can express the correlation in terms of the integral of h and the integral of the product h(x)h(x + k), but I'm not sure. Let me think again: the correlation between h and (1 - h) is equal to the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the integral of h(x) - h(x)h(x + k) dx. The first term is ∫h(x) dx = 1. The second term is ∫h(x)h(x + k) dx. So, the correlation is 1 - ∫h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, the C₅ is the maximum over k of 1 - ∫h(x)h(x + k) dx. 

Wait, this is a crucial observation! Because the original objective is max_k (corr), and corr = ∫h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, if I consider that integral over x of h(x) is 1. Then, the correlation is 1 minus the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing C₅ is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. 

This rephrases the problem: find h that maximizes the minimum value of ∫h(x)h(x + k) dx for all k. This seems promising. Because now, instead of dealing with a max of a complex function, we're looking for the h that makes the minimum of these overlaps as large as possible. 

So, the problem becomes a maximin problem. How can we model this? It's a non-convex problem, but maybe we can use a different approach. Let's consider that the overlap ∫h(x)h(x + k) dx is the cross-correlation of h with itself at lag k. So, the maximum C₅ is 1 minus the minimum value of this cross-correlation across all k. Thus, to minimize C₅, we need to maximize the minimum cross-correlation over all shifts k.

But how to find such an h? This seems challenging, but perhaps we can use a mathematical model that encourages h to have low cross-correlation with itself. This resembles the concept of a "low autocorrelation sequence" or "zero-correlation" in signal processing. For example, in radar systems, sequences with low autocorrelation are desirable to minimize interference. 

So, the problem now is similar to designing a sequence with low maximum autocorrelation. The Erdős problem is related to this concept. However, the exact formulation here is different. 

In signal processing, the goal is to minimize the maximum autocorrelation, which is similar to the current problem. So, using techniques from that field might be helpful. For example, the Barker codes or other low-autocorrelation sequences. But since we are working with a continuous function, perhaps we can adapt the concept.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem. Let me think. The maximum of the cross-correlation of h with itself is to be minimized. However, our problem is maximin: find h that makes the minimum of the cross-correlation (over shifts) as large as possible. Wait, no. Wait, we found that C₅ = max_k [1 - ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx] = 1 - min_k [∫h(x)h(x +k) dx]. Therefore, minimizing C₅ is equivalent to maximizing the minimum value of the cross-correlation over k. 

Thus, the problem reduces to maximizing the minimum cross-correlation of h with itself over all possible shifts k. This seems like a standard max-min problem, which is non-convex and difficult to optimize directly. 

But maybe we can model this as a convex optimization problem by using a relaxation. For example, for each k, we can have a constraint that ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx ≥ t, and then maximize t. However, the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx over x is a quadratic form. This is a quadratic constraint, which makes the problem non-convex. 

Alternatively, we could use a semidefinite programming relaxation. But I'm not sure how to apply that here, especially since we are dealing with finite samples. 

Alternatively, considering the function h as a vector of values, the cross-correlation at a shift k is the sum over x of h[x] h[x + k], adjusted for the overlap. However, the exact formulation of the integral depends on the shift k. For instance, when k is such that x + k is within [0, 2], the overlap is the entire interval, but otherwise, it's a partial overlap. 

This seems complex. However, maybe we can approximate the values of k by considering the possible shifts and discretizing the problem. Since the previous approach used a fixed number of points, like n_points=45, maybe we can exploit that structure. 

Another idea: perhaps model this as a quadratic optimization problem where we try to maximize the minimal value of cross-correlations. To do this, the variables are the h values, and for each shift k, we have a constraint that the cross-correlation for that k is ≥ t. Then, the objective is to maximize t. 

But with the cross-correlations depending on the shifts, and the number of shifts being O(n_points), this would result in a large number of constraints. Moreover, the cross-correlation terms are not linear in h, making the problem non-convex. 

This seems tricky. Let me think of another angle. What if we use a continuous relaxation of h, assuming that h is a smooth function, and then use calculus of variations or some other method to find the optimal h? For example, treating h as a function in L^2, and seeking a function that maximizes the minimum cross-correlation. However, this is a very abstract approach and might not be directly applicable to the numerical optimization required here. 

Alternatively, maybe consider that the optimal h is a periodic function with a certain period. For instance, if h is a periodic function with a period that divides the interval [0, 2], then the cross-correlation might have certain symmetries that can be exploited. However, this is speculative. 

Another thought: the problem resembles the design of a binary sequence with certain correlation properties. In the binary case, the goal would be to maximize the minimum cross-correlation. However, we are dealing with a continuous function, but perhaps a binary approach could be a starting point. For example, using a binary h (0 or 1) with the integral constraint. Then, optimizing the binary pattern to minima the maximum overlap. 

But the previous strategies have already tried genetic algorithms and optimization over continuous values. Maybe combining these approaches with some structural constraints could help. For example, enforcing certain patterns or intervals that minimize the overlap. 

Wait, going back to the mathematical specification, if we can rewrite the problem as maximizing the minimum cross-correlation, perhaps we can use a greedy algorithm. For example, iteratively adjusting h to maximize the minimal cross-correlation. This could involve checking for the worst-case shift and adjusting the function to improve that particular shift. However, such a greedy approach might get stuck in local optima. 

Alternatively, we can use a coordinate descent approach, where we iteratively update each value of h to improve the worst-case cross-correlation. This might be computationally intensive but could be feasible with some heuristics. 

But given the time constraints and the need for efficiency, perhaps a better approach is needed. Let me think again about the previous strategies. The first strategy used a parent solution and perturbations, while the second used a genetic algorithm. The third used symmetry. All these approaches are heuristic and may not find the optimal solution. 

Maybe the key is to use a different optimization technique, such as a simulated annealing approach, which can escape local minima by allowing random moves with a certain probability. However, this is another heuristic and may not be as effective as other methods. 

Alternatively, considering the problem's structure, perhaps there's a mathematical theorem or known bound that can be applied. However, the user is focused on improving the upper bound and not necessarily on a theoretical proof. 

Wait, another observation: the integral ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx can be expressed as the inner product between the function h and the function h_k(x) = h(x +k). So, the problem becomes maximizing the minimal inner product between h and all possible h_k. This is the same as maximizing the minimal projection of h onto these functions. This is a complex optimization problem. 

But perhaps for the specific case of the interval [0, 2], and considering the shifts k that result in overlaps, we can model this as a problem of finding a function h that has a certain structure to minimize the projections onto these shifted versions. 

Given that the initial approach used SLSQP with structured perturbations and the previous strategies found some improvements, maybe the next step is to combine multiple heuristics. However, the user wants a materially different approach.

Wait, going back to the initial idea of rewriting the problem as a maximin problem, perhaps we can use a convex relaxation. For example, suppose we fix the minimal cross-correlation value as t, and try to find h such that all ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx ≥ t. This would give us an optimization problem where we maximize t subject to these constraints. However, these constraints are quadratic in h, making the problem non-convex. 

One way to relax this is to use a semidefinite programming (SDP) approach, but this is typically used for problems with infinitely many constraints, which is not feasible here. 

Alternatively, perhaps approximate the integral constraints by considering a finite number of k values. For example, instead of considering all possible shifts, select a subset that are critical for the maximum overlap. This could reduce the number of constraints and make the problem more tractable. 

But this is again a heuristic and might not capture the true maximum overlap. 

Another idea: Since the maximum overlap integral C₅ depends on the worst-case shift k, perhaps the worst-case shift k is related to the structure of the function h. For instance, if the function h has intervals of 0 and 1, the worst-case shift would be one that aligns these intervals in a way that maximizes the overlap. Thus, designing h to have certain interval lengths and positions that avoid such alignments could help. 

For example, if the function h has intervals of length L where it's 1, then shifting by L would create an overlap of h(x) * h(x + L). To minimize this overlap, the intervals might be designed to not align when shifted by L. However, this requires careful placement of the intervals. 

But how to model this? Maybe using a periodic pattern with certain spacing. For instance, if the function alternates between 1 and 0 in a non-overlapping way. However, the integral constraint requires that the total area is 1, so for length 2, if we have intervals of 1's, their total length must be 1. For example, a single interval of length 1, or two intervals of 0.5, etc. 

If we have two intervals, each of length 0.5, placed at positions 0.25 and 1.25, then shifting by 0.5 would create overlaps between the intervals, which might increase the overlap. Thus, this might not help. 

Alternatively, placing the intervals non-uniformly so that no shift leads to significant overlap. For example, using a sequence of intervals with varying lengths and positions such that the shifts that create overlaps are minimized. 

This seems promising but requires a specific design. How can this be modeled in optimization? It might require a combination of design and optimization, where the structure of h is defined with certain parameters that are then optimized. 

For example, define h as consisting of m intervals, each of length l_i, placed at positions x_i. The total sum of l_i must equal 1. Then, for each possible shift k, calculate the overlap between the intervals and their shifted versions. This could be complex, but for a small m, it might be manageable. 

However, with n_points being small (like 45), this could be feasible. But the problem is that the number of possible shifts is large, and the overlap calculation depends on the exact positions and lengths of the intervals. 

Given the time constraints and the need for an implementation that can run within 600 seconds, perhaps focusing on a structured approach with constrained optimization is better. 

But how to combine this with the previous strategies. Maybe using a hybrid approach: first generating a structured pattern (e.g., using intervals) and then optimizing it with a solver. 

Alternatively, use a mathematical model where h is constructed as a sum of shifted functions that minimize the overlap. 

Another thought: the problem's objective function is the maximum of the correlation, which is a non-convex function. However, if we can find a way to approximate this maximum with a convex function, then we can use convex optimization techniques. For example, using the maximum of the correlations as a constraint and minimizing it. 

But again, this brings us back to the earlier problem of non-convexity. 

At this point, perhaps the best approach is to use a combination of the previous strategies but with a different initialization. For instance, starting from a symmetric function and then using a different optimization method, such as a gradient-based approach with a carefully chosen initialization. 

Alternatively, using a different type of perturbation strategy. For example, instead of adding random noise, using a structured perturbation that varies the intervals in a specific way. 

Another angle: since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. Therefore, the function h is a kind of "balanced" function that has an equal mix of 1s and 0s. This is similar to a binary sequence with equal numbers of 1s and 0s, but in continuous form. 

Perhaps, to minimize the overlap, the function h should be as spread out as possible, so that when shifted, the overlaps with its complement are minimized. This is similar to the concept of spreading out the function to avoid creating overlaps associated with previous intervals. 

But how to model this. One way is to use a function that has a uniform distribution of 1s and 0s. However, this might not be sufficient, as shifts could still create overlaps. 

Another idea: think of the function h as a set of points where it is 1, and the rest are 0. Then, the overlap for a shift k is the number of overlapping points divided by the total number of points (for a discrete version). However, in the continuous case, this is the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx, which is a measure of how much the support of h overlaps with the support of h shifted by k. 

If the support of h is designed to be as spread out as possible, then the overlap with its shifted version would be minimized. For example, using a function that has its support evenly spread over the interval [0, 2], such that no shift results in significant overlap. 

This is similar to the concept of a "well-spaced" sequence. For example, if the function h is a sequence of 1s placed at positions that are far apart, then shifting would lead to minimal overlap. 

But how to construct such a sequence. One approach is to use a sequence of points that are spaced in such a way that the minimum distance between any two points is large enough to minimize overlaps when shifted. However, the integral constraint complicates this, as the total length of the support must be 1. 

For example, if we place m points of duration d each, such that m*d = 1, then the spacing between these points should be large enough. But this would require choosing m and d. 

But in the continuous case, this is more complex. Perhaps using a mathematical function that has a certain spread, like a sine wave or a square wave with specific parameters. 

However, designing such a function might be challenging and require optimization. 

Given all this, perhaps the optimal approach is to use the previous strategies but with a different method for perturbation and optimization. For instance, instead of SLSQP, use a different solver or a different optimization algorithm. Alternatively, use a more structured initialization based on known sequences or properties of the problem. 

Another idea is to use a random initialization that satisfies the constraints and then apply a gradient-based optimization. However, this is similar to what the previous strategies have done. 

Given the time and the need for a new approach, perhaps the best option is to use a different optimization technique, such as a derivative-free method like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which can be more effective in certain cases. Or, use a combination of global and local search strategies. 

But to avoid replicating previous strategies, I need to think of something entirely different. Let's consider the following approach:

1. Assume that the optimal function h has a specific structure, such as being composed of a certain number of intervals with lengths that are evenly distributed. This structure can be parameterized, and the parameters can be optimized to minimize C₅. 

For example, suppose we divide the interval [0, 2] into m equal-length intervals, each of length 2/m. Then, set h to 1 in some of these intervals and 0 in others, ensuring that the total length is 1. This would give a total of m intervals, with k intervals set to 1 (so k*(2/m) = 1 ⇒ k = m/2). 

If m is even, then this is straightforward. For m odd, k would be floor(m/2) or ceil(m/2). 

Then, the overlap for a shift k would depend on how the intervals align. By carefully choosing which intervals are set to 1, the overlap can be minimized. 

This is similar to the concept of a binary sequence with balanced 1s and 0s. However, this approach is discrete and may not be optimal, but it can serve as a starting point for optimization. 

To implement this, the function h can be represented by the positions and lengths of the intervals. The parameters are the number of intervals m and the selection of intervals. However, this is a very coarse approximation. 

Alternatively, we can use a continuous version of this by allowing the intervals to vary in length and position. This introduces more parameters but may provide a better approximation. 

However, this approach might not be efficient enough for large m. But given the time constraints, it could be worth exploring. 

Another idea: use a penalty method where we penalize the objective for high cross-correlation values. This involves adding a penalty term to the objective function that encourages lower maximum cross-correlation. 

But again, this might not be effective without a proper formulation. 

At this point, I think I need to settle on a concrete plan. Given the previous approaches and the time constraints, perhaps the most effective way is to use a new initialization method combined with a local optimization. For example, start with a function that has a specific structure, such as a periodic function with certain properties, and then optimize it. 

For instance, a function based on a sinusoidal pattern. Let's consider h(x) = 0.5 + a * sin(bx + c), where the coefficients a, b, c are chosen to satisfy the integral constraint and minimize the maximum cross-correlation. 

However, this is a continuous function and might be challenging to optimize directly. But perhaps we can model this as a parameter optimization problem, where the parameters are the coefficients of the sinusoidal function. 

But this requires careful calibration and may not capture the optimal solution. 

Alternatively, use a piecewise-constant function with a certain number of intervals and optimize their positions and lengths. This approach is more structured but requires a way to parameterize the intervals. 

Given the complexity, perhaps the best approach is to abandon the previous strategies and adopt a new one based on the observation that the problem can be rephrased as maximizing the minimum cross-correlation. This new formulation might allow us to design a different optimization scheme. 

Here's a plan:

1. Use a continuous relaxation of the function h, representing it as a vector of values in [0, 1], with the constraint that the sum is n_points/2. 

2. For the optimization, instead of directly minimizing the maximum correlation, approximate the problem by minimizing the maximum of the cross-correlation terms. To do this, we can use a convex relaxation where we enforce that each cross-correlation term is bounded by a certain value. 

3. Use a gradient-based optimization method, such as SLSQP, to find the function h that minimizes the maximum cross-correlation. 

4. Incorporate a learning rate or adaptive step size to improve convergence and avoid local optima. 

5. Test this approach with different initializations, including the parent solution and other structured patterns. 

But this is similar to what the previous strategies did. To make this different, perhaps introduce a learning-based approach where the function h is evolved over time with a certain learning rate. 

Alternatively, use a reinforcement learning approach, treating the function h as the policy that needs to be optimized. However, this is complex and might not be feasible within the time and resource constraints. 

Another idea is to use a random search with a large number of samples, but this is computationally expensive. 

Given all this, the final plan is to use a hybrid approach combining structured initialization, gradient-based optimization, and structured perturbations, with a focus on minimizing the cross-correlation by rephrasing the problem as maximizing the minimum cross-correlation. This approach leverages the previous strategies but with a more precise model of the objective function.
</think>

<strategy>
1. Approach and rationale
We propose a structured optimization framework that reformulates the problem by directly minimizing the maximum cross-correlation of h with itself. This reformulation transforms the original problem into a maximin optimization, which we approximate using a family of convex-concave surrogates. By leveraging symmetry, structured perturbations, and efficient gradient-based refinement, we aim to systematically explore the solution space while ensuring constraint feasibility. This approach differs from previous methods by explicitly targeting the cross-correlation structure and using interval-based perturbations to guide the search toward configurations that minimize worst-case overlaps.

2. Mathematical specification
- Representation: A piecewise-constant function h ∈ [0,1]^n_points with ∑h = n_points / 2.
- Objective: Minimize C₅ = 1 - min_k [∫₀² h(x)h(x + k) dx] over all lags k ∈ [0, 2].
- Surrogate Objective: Define t as the minimum cross-correlation value; the goal is to maximize t.
- Constraints:
  - 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 for all i
  - ∑h = n_points / 2
- Optimization Transformation: Reformulate the problem as minimizing the maximum over k of (1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx). This is equivalent to maximizing the minimum cross-correlation value t.
- Solver Compatibility: Use CVXPY with ECOS for convex subproblems, followed by gradient-based refinement with L-BFGS-B to handle non-convexity. The surrogate function is the maximum cross-correlation value, which is approximated via convex hull techniques.

3. Implementation procedure
Stage 1: Parent Validation and Initialization
- Validate initial_h_values by ensuring ∑h ≈ n_points/2. Apply softmax with temperature τ=0.3 and clip to [0,1] for feasibility.
- Generate structured initial candidates:
  1. Apply sinusoidal modulation to the parent: h = 0.5 * (1 + np.cos(2 * π * (np.arange(n_points) / n_points) * freq)) + noise
  2. Create randomized interval patterns: h = np.random.choice([0,1], size=n_points, p=[0.5,0.5]) * (n_points/2)/np.sum(h)
  3. Apply periodic boundary shifts to the parent: h = np.roll(h, shift=int(n_points/4))

Stage 2: Optimization Loop with Surrogate Guidance
- For each initial candidate:
  1. Clip values to [0,1] and rescale to meet ∑h = n_points/2
  2. Define the surrogate objective as -max_k [∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx] (to maximize the minimum cross-correlation)
  3. Use CVXPY to solve a convex relaxation by approximating the max with a convex hull over k ∈ {0,...,n_points-1}
  4. Refine with L-BFGS-B solver with bounds [0,1] and constraint ∑h = n_points/2
  5. Track best candidate (highest t) across all trials

Stage 3: Interval-Based Perturbation and Refinement
- Apply structured perturbations every 20% of runtime:
  1. Vary interval widths by introducing small sinusoidal deviations: h[i] *= 1 + α * sin(2πi/n_points)
  2. Apply mirror symmetry: h = np.concatenate([h[:n_points//2+1], 1 - h[:n_points//2][::-1]])
  3. Add adaptive noise: new_h = h + np.random.normal(0, σ, n_points), then clip and rescale

Stage 4: Constraint Enforcement and Validation
- Ensure feasibility through dual constraint enforcement: clip + rescale to satisfy bounds and integral constraint
- Re-evaluate C₅ using exact np.correlate with mode='full' and dx = 2.0 / n_points

4. Search choices and useful variations
Default Configuration:
- n_points = 200 (balances resolution and runtime)
- Perturbation strength: α=0.05 for interval modulation, σ=0.02 for noise
- Convex relaxation: ECOS solver with 1e-6 tolerance
- Optimization iterations: 100 per candidate

Variations:
- Increase n_points to 400 if budget allows (adjust σ to 0.01)
- Use different structured patterns (e.g., random interval inversion, staggered pulses)
- Apply adaptive perturbation weights based on current t values
- Toggle between different perturbation types (sinusoidal, mirror symmetry)

5. Compute budget and robustness
Time Allocation:
- 100s: Parent validation and initial candidate generation
- 200s: Convex relaxation + refinement for 10 candidates
- 200s: Interval-based perturbation and refinement
- 100s: Final validation and result extraction

Robustness Measures:
- Feasibility: Clip + rescale after all perturbations
- Objective evaluation: Re-calculate with exact np.correlate
- Fallback: Return best known feasible solution if solver fails
- Fail-safe: If no improvement after 300s, return the best-symmetric parent with normalization

6. Validation and return contract
Feasibility Checks:
- Ensure 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 and sum(h) == n_points / 2 (enforced by clipping + rescaling)
- Compute correlation using np.correlate(mode='full') with dx = 2.0 / n_points
- Verify C₅ is finite and matches the evaluator's output

Final Validation:
- Re-calculate C₅ using exact metric
- Ensure no NaN or infinite values
- Include sanity checks:
   - sum(h) == n_points / 2
   - all h[i] ∈ [0, 1]
   - np.isfinite(C₅)
- Compare against current record of 0.3807 to confirm improvement
</strategy>