<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. My task is to come up with a better method than the previous code that achieved 0.381142. 

First, let me understand the problem. The goal is to find a step function h over [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. And the previous approach used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization, starting from some initial points.

The previous code starts with initial_h_values (n=45) and tries various guesses, including binary patterns, uniform distribution, and random patterns. Then it uses SLSQP and differential evolution to refine the solution. However, maybe there's a better way to approach this. Let me think about possible improvements.

One thought is that the current method might be getting stuck in local optima. So maybe using a different optimization strategy, or a better initialization, could help. Alternatively, perhaps a more structured approach, like using symmetry or certain patterns, could lead to better results.

The Erdős problem is related to minimizing the maximum overlap between a function and its shifted version. The current problem is about finding a function h that is 1 in some regions and 0 in others, but since it's a step function, the function is piecewise constant. So maybe there's a way to design such a function with certain periodic or symmetric properties to minimize overlaps.

Another idea is to consider the problem as an optimization with constraints. The integral constraint is that the total area under h is 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize this maximum value.

The previous approach uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution. But perhaps using a different optimization strategy could be more effective. Maybe a genetic algorithm, or a different population-based method? However, given the time budget, it's important to find an efficient method.

Alternatively, maybe using a more structured initialization. For example, instead of starting from binary or random patterns, perhaps designing a function with certain symmetry. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into regions where h(x) is 1 or 0, arranged in a way that minimizes overlaps. 

Another approach is to consider that each shift k corresponds to a different overlap. The maximum of these overlaps is what we need to minimize. Since the integral is over x, for each k, it's the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum of these values.

Let me think about the structure of h. Since the integral of h is 1, the function must average 0.5 over the interval. So perhaps a uniform distribution is not the best, but a more structured pattern that avoids correlations with its shifts.

One possible idea is to use a periodic function with certain spacing. For example, if the function is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged such that the shifts don't align with the 1s and 0s in a way that creates high overlap. However, the function is over [0,2], so maybe a periodic pattern with period 1, but since the domain is 0 to 2, perhaps two intervals.

Alternatively, using a function that has 1s and 0s arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, if the function has 1s in [0, a) and [b, 2], and 0s in between, but then shifted versions would hit these regions. However, ensuring that the maximum overlap is minimized.

But with the current problem, h is a step function, so it's piecewise constant. The previous code starts with initial_h_values (n=45), which is 45 points. Maybe generating a more optimal initial guess could help. For instance, if the initial guess is a better candidate, the optimization can find a better minimum.

Another idea is to use a different optimization algorithm. The previous approach uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a more efficient method like Nelder-Mead or another local optimizer with better convergence properties. However, the time budget is tight, so it's important to balance between speed and quality.

Alternatively, maybe using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses, combined with a more effective local optimizer. Also, perhaps adjusting the hyperparameters, like the number of iterations, tolerance, etc., to get better convergence.

Another thing to note is that in the previous code, the initial_h_values is used as a starting point. So if I can generate a better initial guess, perhaps by designing a pattern that's more likely to lead to a better solution, that could help. For example, using a pattern that has 1s and 0s arranged in a way that minimizes the overlap with its shifts.

Wait, the problem is similar to a covering problem. The function h is a subset of the interval [0,2] with measure 1. The overlap with a shift k is the measure of the intersection between h and the complement of h shifted by k. So we need to choose h such that the maximum overlap with any shift is minimized.

This is equivalent to packing the set h in a way that it doesn't overlap too much with its shifted versions. 

To minimize the maximum overlap, we need h to be as spread out as possible, but with the constraint that it has measure 1 over [0,2]. 

So perhaps the optimal h is a union of intervals that are spaced out so that their shifts don't overlap too much. For example, if h is a single interval of length 1, then shifting by 1 would overlap perfectly, but since the integral is 1, the length would be 1. Then, the overlap with a shift of 1 would be 1 * (1 - 0) = 1, which would not be good. So maybe splitting the interval into multiple parts.

But the Erdős problem is known to have a known constant for lower bounds, but here, we are trying to find an upper bound by constructing a function that achieves a lower C5 value.

Another idea: Since the maximum overlap is over all k, perhaps considering that the worst case is when k is such that the shift aligns the 1s and 0s in a way that maximizes the intersection. So to minimize the maximum, perhaps h should be designed to have a certain symmetry or periodicity that limits this.

Alternatively, using a function that has multiple regions of 1s, each spaced such that their shifts don't align with other regions. For example, if the function has 1s in three non-overlapping regions, each of length 1/3, then shifting by certain amounts would create overlaps, but the maximum overlap might be lower.

But designing such a function requires careful placement. However, since we are looking for a numerical optimization, perhaps we can use a heuristic to generate such patterns.

In the previous code, some initial guesses are binary patterns, such as placing 1s at specific positions. Maybe generating a better binary pattern as an initial guess could help. For example, using a more optimal arrangement of 1s and 0s.

Another idea is to use a splitting of the interval into several segments with 1s and 0s, ensuring that the overlaps with shifts are minimized. For example, using a pattern like a "staircase" function, but with some constraints.

But perhaps the most effective way is to refine the optimization strategy. For instance, in the previous code, the optimization uses SLSQP with constraints and differential evolution. However, differential evolution might be too slow for the given time budget. Maybe switching to a more efficient optimization method, like a combination of local and global search.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess that's better than the previous initial_h_values. If I can find a better initial pattern, the optimization can converge to a better solution.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, and the current code uses that. But maybe the initial guess is not the best. For example, maybe the initial_h_values is a suboptimal pattern. If I can generate a better initial guess, that could lead to a better result.

So, perhaps generating an initial guess that has a more optimal structure. For instance, distributing the 1s more evenly across the interval to minimize overlaps. For example, if the function is 1 in regions that are spaced apart, then shifts would have less overlap.

Another idea is to use a continuous version of the problem, where h(x) is a function that is optimized, and then discretize it. However, the problem requires a step function, so we need to model it as piecewise constant.

Alternatively, considering the continuous case, the optimal function might have certain properties. For instance, perhaps the optimal function is the indicator function of a set with certain properties, like a union of intervals that are as spread out as possible. But since the domain is finite, we need to find such a configuration.

But since we have to work with a discrete step function, maybe the approach is to use a more efficient optimization method with better heuristics.

Let me also think about how the overlap integral is calculated. For each shift k, the integral is the area where h(x) is 1 multiplied by the area where h(x + k) is 0. Wait, no, the integral is ∫ h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. So it's the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is not 1, i.e., h(x +k) is 0. So it's the measure of x such that h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. 

Alternatively, this is equivalent to the measure of x in [0, 2 -k] where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. 

So, for each shift k, the value is the size of the overlap between h shifted by -k and the complement of h. 

Therefore, the goal is to minimize the maximum over k of this measure. 

Now, to minimize this, we need to ensure that for any shift k, the overlap between h and the complement of h shifted by k is as small as possible. 

This suggests that the function h should be structured in such a way that its shifts don't overlap too much with itself. 

One possible way is to design h to have a certain periodicity or spacing that limits this overlap. 

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization? 

Perhaps generating an initial guess with a more evenly distributed pattern. 

For example, using a binary pattern where the 1s are spread out across the interval. For instance, if the interval [0,2] is divided into m intervals, and we select n positions where h(x) is 1, such that the total measure is 1. 

But since the function is piecewise constant, the number of steps is fixed (n_points). 

In the previous code, the initial_h_values is of size 45, which is 45 intervals. So the total length is 2, and the sum of h is 45/2 = 22.5. 

The current code uses an initial guess that may not be optimal. 

So perhaps generating a better initial guess is a key step. 

Another idea is to use a more sophisticated heuristic for initial guess generation. For example, using a greedy approach: placing 1s in regions where their placement minimizes the overlap with shifts. 

Alternatively, using a heuristic inspired by the continuous version of the problem. For instance, the continuous version might have a certain optimal structure, and then discretizing it. 

But I'm not sure about the continuous solution. 

Another approach is to use the fact that for the maximum overlap to be minimized, the function should be as spread out as possible. So perhaps distributing the 1s in the function h as uniformly as possible over the interval [0, 2], subject to the integral constraint. 

For instance, if the function h is 1 in certain points, arranging them such that the distance between consecutive 1s is roughly the same. This might help in reducing overlaps. 

But how to translate this into a step function? 

If we imagine that the function h is 1 over certain intervals. For example, if the function has m intervals of 1s and the rest 0s, such that the total length of 1s is 1. 

Maybe dividing the interval into regions where the function is 1 and 0 in such a way that their shifts don't overlap too much. For instance, if the function is 1 over [0, a], [b, c], [d, e], etc., spaced apart to prevent overlapping shifts. 

But designing such a function is challenging. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that has multiple regions of 1s spread out, such that when shifted, their overlaps are minimized. 

But again, without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to design. 

In the previous code, the initial guess might be a specific pattern. If that initial guess is suboptimal, generating a better initial guess could improve the result. 

So, perhaps generating an initial guess with a more even distribution of 1s. For example, using a heuristic where each 1 is placed such that they are spread as evenly as possible. 

Another idea is to use a binary pattern with a certain number of 1s and 0s, and then adjust their positions to minimize the overlap. 

Alternatively, using a probabilistic approach where the initial positions are randomly sampled with a certain distribution. 

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code by making changes to the optimization strategy. 

Looking back at the previous code, it uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution. However, differential evolution can be slow. Maybe the code can be optimized by using a different method, like using a genetic algorithm with a better mutation strategy, or using more efficient local search. 

Another thing to consider is the choice of initial guesses. The current code generates several guesses, including binary patterns, uniform, and random. Maybe adding more initial guesses that are more promising. For example, using a pattern that divides the interval into equal parts and assigns 1s in a way that maximizes even distribution. 

Alternatively, using a simulated annealing approach with a cooling schedule to escape local optima. 

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, the code needs to be efficient. 

Another idea is to use the fact that the problem is convex or can be relaxed to a convex problem. However, the problem is non-convex, so relaxations might not be straightforward. 

Alternatively, using a gradient-based optimizer, but since the objective function is non-convex and potentially has many local minima, gradient-based methods might get stuck. 

In the previous code, the SLSQP method is used, which is a local optimizer. Differential evolution is a global optimizer. 

Perhaps combining more global search with local optimization could help. 

But how to implement that within the time budget? 

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses multiple iterations, but maybe it's converging too slowly. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations for the differential evolution step, or using more efficient parameter settings. 

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization strategy, like using the COBYLA method for SLSQP, or using a different penalty method. 

Also, checking if the initial guesses are good enough. For example, in the previous code, the binary patterns are generated by placing 1s at certain x positions. Maybe the code can generate better binary patterns by choosing different numbers of 1s and arranging them optimally. 

Wait, the code uses a function called generate_patterns, which creates some initial guesses. The code for generate_patterns includes binary patterns with m being 9, 12, 15, 18. These are the number of points in the binary pattern, but I'm not sure. 

Alternatively, the code may be generating binary patterns by placing 1s at certain positions. 

But perhaps generating more varied initial guesses, such as different numbers of 1s and different arrangements, could lead to better results. 

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated approach for generating initial guesses. For example, using a set of points that are equally spaced, and then varying them slightly. 

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed number of 45 points. Maybe varying the number of points could lead to better results. However, the problem requires that the code uses the initial_h_values, which is n_points = 45. So the code must work with that. 

So the code must stay with 45 points. 

Given all that, perhaps the current approach can be improved by making better use of the initial guesses and the optimization steps. 

Another idea: in the previous code, the initial_h_values is used as the starting point. But if that initial guess is suboptimal, then perhaps the optimization needs to be more thorough. 

Alternatively, maybe the current code's initial guess is already good, and the issue is with the optimization steps. 

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the overlap integral. The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which generates all possible shifts. However, the maximum over all k is needed. 

Wait, the code computes the correlation between h and 1 - h, which is the same as the integral over all possible shifts. But the actual integral for a given shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. However, when using numpy.correlate, the result for each shift corresponds to different values. 

But perhaps using a different method to compute the maximum overlap would be more accurate or efficient. 

Alternatively, the code is doing it correctly with the correlation. 

In any case, the problem remains of finding a better upper bound for C5. 

Another idea: since the previous attempt found a C5 of 0.381142, which is slightly above the target of 0.380876, perhaps adjusting the optimization parameters could lead to a better result. For example, increasing the number of iterations or tightening the tolerance. 

However, the code already has a certain number of iterations, but maybe the code can be modified to spend more time on certain steps. 

Another possible improvement: the code uses differential evolution for some steps. Maybe using a different strategy for the differential evolution, such as varying the population size or mutation rates. 

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach that combines different optimization methods. 

But given the time constraints, the code must be as efficient as possible. 

Perhaps the most effective improvement is to generate better initial guesses. For example, the previous code includes binary patterns where 1s are placed at certain positions. If these patterns are not optimal, perhaps generating more optimal binary patterns could help. 

For example, in the current generate_patterns function, the binary patterns are constructed by placing 1s at midpoints of intervals. Maybe generating binary patterns with different spacing or numbers of 1s could lead to better initial guesses. 

Alternatively, generating a binary pattern with exactly the right number of 1s to satisfy the integral constraint. 

But how to do that? Since the integral is 1, the sum of h must be n_points / 2. 

If the initial guess is a binary pattern with exactly this sum, then it's valid. 

So, in the generate_patterns function, when creating binary patterns, the code selects certain positions to set to 1, ensuring that the sum is correct. However, the code uses a fixed number of points (m) for the binary pattern and then selects the positions. 

Wait, the code for generate_patterns has:

for m in [9, 12, 15, 18]:
    x = np.linspace(0, 2, m + 1)[:-1] + 0.5 * (1.0 / (m + 1))
    idxs = np.searchsorted(x, np.linspace(0, 2, n_points))
    h_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
    for i in idxs:
        if i < n_points:
            h_guess[i] = 1.0
    guesses.append(h_guess)

This seems to create a binary pattern by splitting the interval [0,2] into m intervals and choosing the midpoints. Then, mapping them to the n_points grid. 

But maybe this approach isn't optimal. For example, choosing different numbers of 1s or different placements. 

Alternatively, generating a binary pattern where the 1s are equally spaced across the interval. For instance, placing 1s at positions 0.5, 1.5, 2.5, etc. But since the interval is [0,2], maybe placing 1s at positions that are evenly spaced, and then adjusting to meet the sum constraint. 

However, the code already has some binary patterns. Perhaps instead of using fixed m values, generating a binary pattern with a certain number of 1s that optimally covers the interval. 

Alternatively, using a binary pattern where the number of 1s is exactly n_points / 2. But since n_points is 45 (which is odd), the sum would be 45 / 2 = 22.5. So a binary pattern with exactly 22 or 23 1s would have sum 22 or 23, which is not 22.5. However, in the code, the initial_h_values has sum 45 / 2, which is 22.5. 

Thus, any binary pattern must have a sum that's either integer or not. But in the code, they are using the initial_h_values which is a step function, possibly with some values not exactly 0 or 1. 

But the generate_patterns function is generating binary patterns. However, in the current code, the binary patterns are constructed by placing 1s at certain intervals, but the sum might not be exactly 22.5. However, the code uses the constraint_sum function to ensure that the sum is correct. 

But in the previous code, during the optimization steps, the constraint is enforced. 

So, maybe generating more diverse binary patterns, including different numbers of 1s and different placements, could lead to better initial guesses. 

Another idea: the previous code uses a combination of different initial guesses, but perhaps focusing on patterns that are more likely to lead to good solutions. For example, using binary patterns with more 1s or fewer, but optimized for the overlap. 

Alternatively, using a grid search over possible positions, but that would be too time-consuming. 

In summary, the main idea is to improve the initial guesses and optimize the parameters of the optimization methods to find a better solution. 

Let me think of how to modify the code to achieve this. 

First, modifying the generate_patterns function to include more varied initial guesses. For example, using different numbers of 1s, different spacing, and possibly more binary patterns. 

Also, perhaps using more sophisticated heuristics for generating initial guesses. 

Additionally, adjusting the optimization parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations in the differential evolution step or using more efficient solvers. 

Additionally, implementing a better refinement step, such as using multiple refinement passes with different methods. 

Another idea: instead of using differential evolution, which is a global optimizer, perhaps using a more efficient local optimizer with a good initial guess. 

But how to balance between exploration and exploitation. 

Perhaps reorganizing the code to use a better sequence of optimization steps. 

For example, starting with differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then refining it with SLSQP. 

Alternatively, using a combination of random restarts with SLSQP. 

Another possible improvement: in the current code, after generating several initial guesses, it uses differential evolution to refine them. But perhaps the differential evolution is not being utilized optimally. 

For instance, in the code, the differential evolution is called with a population size of 30, maxiter=30, etc. Maybe increasing the maxiter would help. However, this could use more time. 

Given the time budget of 100 seconds, the code must be efficient. 

Perhaps reducing the number of iterations in the differential evolution steps and focusing on more effective optimization. 

Alternatively, using a faster optimizer like L-BFGS-B if the problem is smooth. 

However, the objective function may not be smooth, so L-BFGS-B may not be effective. 

In conclusion, the key areas for improvement are:

1. Generating better initial guesses, especially binary patterns that are more evenly distributed.

2. Adjusting the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.

3. Refining the optimization process with more efficient steps.

Now, to implement these changes in the code.

First, modifying the generate_patterns function to include more varied binary patterns. For example, trying different m values and different placement strategies. 

Second, increasing the number of initial guesses or varying the parameters of the differential evolution.

Third, adjusting the SLSQP parameters to allow more iterations or tighter tolerances.

An alternative approach to improve the initial guesses is to use a more structured biological inspired pattern. For example, arranging the 1s and 0s in a way that minimizes overlaps. 

Another idea: instead of binary patterns, consider using patterns with a small number of transitions between 0 and 1, such as a single interval. For example, a single interval of length 1, but this would result in a high overlap with shifts. However, splitting it into two intervals might do better. 

But this is speculative. 

Alternatively, using a pattern that is a sawtooth wave, or other periodic patterns. 

However, with limited time, it's best to focus on modifying the current code's approach. 

Perhaps generating more initial guesses by varying the number of 1s and their placements. 

For instance, in the generate_patterns function, instead of using fixed m values, varying them or adding more possibilities. 

Another thing to note is that the current code uses a fixed initial_h_values. Perhaps using an initial guess that is a better starting point, such as a more evenly distributed pattern. 

But since the code is provided with initial_h_values, which we can use directly, we can't change it. So the code should use that as a starting point. However, perhaps the initial_h_values is not optimal, so the optimization should be more thorough. 

Another idea is to use a combination of different optimization methods. For example, first using differential evolution to find a good approximation, then refining it with SLSQP. 

Also, in the previous code, after the initial guesses, it uses differential evolution for refinement. Perhaps the number of iterations is not sufficient. 

Let me consider modifying the code's optimization steps. 

In the previous code, the initial guesses are tried with SLSQP, then differential evolution is used. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in the SLSQP step could help. 

Another possibility is to use a different solver. For instance, using the 'SLSQP' solver with more iterations, or using 'COBYLA' which handles bounds well. 

However, the previous code uses 'SLSQP' with certain parameters. 

Another idea is to use the 'Nelder-Mead' method for optimization, which is a derivative-free method but may be slower. 

But given the time constraints, it's important to find a balance. 

Another possible improvement is to use a better way to compute the maximum overlap. For example, checking only certain relevant values of k, rather than all possible shifts. 

But the current code uses the full correlation, which includes all possible shifts. However, the maximum overlap may occur for certain values of k. Perhaps precomputing the most relevant shifts or using a faster method. 

But I don't see a straightforward way to do that. 

In conclusion, the modifications to the code should focus on generating better initial guesses, optimizing the optimization parameters, and refining the process with more efficient methods. 

So, let's try to make these changes in the code. 

For example, in the generate_patterns function, include more binary patterns with different m values and placement strategies. Also, increasing the number of random patterns. 

Additionally, adjusting the number of iterations in the differential evolution steps. 

Here's how I can modify the code:

- In generate_patterns, include more binary patterns with different m values, such as 6, 9, 12, 15, 18, etc. 

- Also, include more random patterns, perhaps varying the number of iterations. 

- In the optimization steps, increase the number of iterations for the SLSQP method. 

- Increase the number of maxiter in the differential evolution steps. 

- Use a better refinement step with more iterations. 

Another idea: instead of using differential evolution, use the 'shgo' (Simplicial Global Optimization) method from scipy.optimize, which is designed for bound-constrained problems. 

However, the previous code uses 'differential_evolution', which is a global optimizer. 

But the code needs to be within the time budget. 

Overall, the plan is to enhance the initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters, and refine the optimization process to find a better solution. 

The final code would incorporate these changes, ensuring that the optimization is thorough enough to find a lower C5 bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_patterns():
        guesses = []
        # Binary patterns
        for m in [6, 9, 12, 15, 18, 21]:
            x = np.linspace(0, 2, m + 1)[:-1] + 0.5 * (1.0 / (m + 1))
            idxs = np.searchsorted(x, np.linspace(0, 2, n_points))
            h_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
            for i in idxs:
                if i < n_points:
                    h_guess[i] = 1.0
            guesses.append(h_guess)
        # Uniform distribution
        guesses.append(np.ones(n_points) * 0.5)
        # Random patterns
        for _ in range(4):
            noise = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
            guesses.append(np.clip(noise, 0, 1))
        return guesses
    
    guesses = generate_patterns()
    
    for guess in guesses:
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, guess, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 60, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8})
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 40:
            break
        res_de = optimize.differential_evolution(objective, bounds, popsize=40, maxiter=35,
                                               mutation=(0.5, 0.8), recombination=0.7, tol=1e-9)
        if res_de.success:
            res_slsqp = optimize.minimize(objective, res_de.x, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                         constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                                         options={'maxiter': 60, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8})
            if res_slsqp.success and objective(res_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(res_slsqp.x)
                best_h = res_slsqp.x
    
    def refine_with_slsqp(h_init):
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, h_init, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 60, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else h_init
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine_with_slsqp(best_h)
        if objective(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```