<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is around 0.38085, and the target is even lower, like 0.380876. The task is to create a Python function that returns a step function h minimizing the overlap integral, with constraints on the integral and the function values.

The previous code used differential evolution and then SLSQP to refine the solution, starting from an initial guess. But the user wants a different approach, maybe better optimization strategies or different starting points. Also, the previous code used 45 points, but maybe using more points could help? But the problem says that smaller sequences (less than 1k) are preferred because they are faster. So maybe the initial code is already using a reasonable number of points.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given, which has n=45. The user says that the previous program achieved C₅ bound = 0.381142, which is higher than the current record. So we need to improve that.

First, I need to think about how to approach this problem. The main challenge is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The maximum over all k is what we need to minimize.

The previous code used a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe that approach is too slow or gets stuck in local optima. Alternative optimization techniques could be better. For example, using a genetic algorithm with tournament selection, or a Bayesian optimization approach. But with time constraints, maybe a more efficient method is better.

Alternatively, maybe there's a mathematical structure to the optimal h. The Erdős problem is about covering the interval [0,2] with a step function such that the overlap with any shifted version is minimized. The optimal h might have a periodic structure or some symmetric properties.

Another thought: the problem is similar to compressed sensing or quantization problems, where you want a function that spreads out the mass to avoid overlaps. Maybe using a piecewise constant function with certain spacing or patterns.

But how to translate that into an algorithm? Let's think about the constraints. The integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1. So it's like a probability distribution. The overlap integral is similar to the expected value of (1 - h(x + k)) when x is drawn from h(x). So for each k, we have to compute the integral, and take the maximum of all of these.

The key is to find a function h that balances these overlaps. Intuitively, we want h to be as spread out as possible in such a way that shifting it by any k doesn't cause a high overlap.

One approach could be to use a periodic function with certain intervals where h is 1 or 0. For example, placing the 1s in h such that each shift by k leads to overlapping with a minimal number of 1s.

But how to model this? Let's think of the function h as a set of intervals where it's 1, and 0 otherwise. But for a step function, it's piecewise constant.

Another idea: since the interval is [0, 2], perhaps dividing it into regions and assigning h to be 1 in certain regions and 0 in others. The optimal might involve overlapping regions that are spaced in a way that avoids overlap when shifted.

But how to find those regions? Maybe using a greedy approach: start by placing the maximum number of 1s in the function such that the overlap with shift k is minimized. But this is too vague.

Alternative approach: use a metaheuristic like simulated annealing or genetic algorithms. However, the previous code used differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe there's a better way.

Let me think about the previous code. It starts with initial_h_values, then generates multiple initial guesses (random placements of 1s). Then runs differential evolution to find better solutions, followed by SLSQP refinement.

But perhaps that approach isn't finding the global minimum. Maybe trying different starting points, or using a different optimization strategy could help. For example, using a local search method with multiple restarts, or a more sophisticated global optimization.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum integral, maybe we can model it as a convex optimization problem. However, the function to minimize is non-convex, so standard convex optimization methods might not work. But perhaps using a convex relaxation or approximating the problem.

Alternatively, perhaps using a gradient-based method with a better initial guess. But how to compute the gradient of the objective function?

Wait, the objective function is the maximum of several integrals. It's non-differentiable at points where the maximum changes. So gradient-based methods might be tricky. However, if we can approximate the maximum by considering some of the integrals, maybe we can use subgradient methods or other techniques.

But given the time constraints, maybe it's better to stick to a combination of global and local optimization techniques. Maybe using a genetic algorithm with a good mutation strategy, or using a more efficient differential evolution setup.

Another important point: the current code uses SLSQP to refine the solution. Maybe the constraints and the objective function can be better handled by other methods. Also, the initial guess might be important. The previous code uses initial_h_values and some random guesses, but perhaps a better initial guess could lead to better results.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal function has a specific structure. For example, the optimal h might be a binary function (taking values 0 or 1) with certain spacing. But the problem allows h to be any step function, not necessarily binary. However, the best solution might be binary.

If we assume that the optimal h is binary, then the problem becomes a combinatorial optimization problem. We need to select a subset of [0,2] with measure 1 (since the integral is 1) such that the overlap with any shift is minimized.

This is equivalent to a set cover problem but with a different objective. However, finding such a subset is challenging. For a binary h, perhaps using a greedy algorithm to place intervals where the overlap is minimized.

But again, how to model this. Alternatively, maybe using a dynamic programming approach or some other method. However, for a continuous interval, it's not straightforward.

Let's think about the structure of the optimal h. Suppose h is made of alternating intervals of 0 and 1. For instance, a periodic pattern of 1s and 0s. For example, dividing the interval into m equal parts, with certain pattern of 1s and 0s.

But with the constraint that the total integral is 1, the number of intervals where h is 1 would have to be such that their total length is 1. So for example, if the interval [0,2] is divided into m equal segments, each of length 2/m. Then the number of segments where h is 1 should be (m * 1)/2, but that depends on the pattern.

This approach is similar to what is used in some known solutions for the Erdős problem. For example, the known upper bound for C₅ is achieved by a specific pattern of placing the 1s.

But I'm not sure about the exact structure. However, perhaps generating such patterns and optimizing them could help.

Another idea: the problem requires minimizing the maximum of the integrals over shifts. For a given h, the integrals for different k can be considered. If we can find a h that balances the integrals across different k, then the maximum would be minimized.

To model this, perhaps we can use a Lagrangian relaxation approach, where we try to balance the integrals. However, the problem is how to find such a balance.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral for shift k is equal to the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. If we consider k as a variable, this is a convolution. So the maximum over k of the convolution of h with (1 - h) evaluated at certain positions.

But I'm not sure how to exploit this.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to try different optimization methods, perhaps with better hyperparameters, or use a different starting point.

Another thought: the previous code starts with initial_h_values and then creates multiple random guesses. Instead of random guesses, maybe using a more informed approach to generate initial points. For example, using a pattern that's known to perform well, or generating initial points that are spread out.

Alternatively, the initial_h_values could be a binary pattern that has been previously used. For example, if the initial_h_values is already a good starting point, then refining it with better optimization could help.

Another idea: the current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimization method. Maybe adding more global optimization steps, like using a genetic algorithm in parallel, but with limited time.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different optimization methods.

Another point: the previous code uses the differential evolution with a population size of 30 and 30 iterations. Maybe increasing the population size or number of iterations could lead to better solutions, but that would take more time.

However, the time budget is 100 seconds, so perhaps there's a need to balance between the number of iterations and the time spent.

Another possible improvement: instead of using separate differential evolution and SLSQP steps, perhaps using a hybrid approach where we use differential evolution for global search and then use a more efficient local optimizer.

Also, the current code uses the maximum over the correlation values. The correlation in the code is computed as np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full'), which for mode 'full' gives the convolution over all possible shifts. However, the maximum of the correlation corresponds to the maximum overlap integral. So the objective function is correctly captured.

Now, considering the constraints: the sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. The previous code uses a constraint function that ensures this sum. The SLSQP method handles this constraint.

But perhaps using a more efficient way to handle the constraint, or during optimization, allowing for small variations and then correcting them.

Another idea: using a surrogate model for the objective function. For example, approximating the objective function with a simpler model and using that for optimization. However, this would require additional code and may not be feasible within the time.

Alternatively, using Bayesian optimization for the optimization step. But Bayesian optimization requires evaluating the objective function multiple times, which may be computationally heavy.

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to try different optimization techniques, such as using more parallelizable methods or different heuristics.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. The previous code uses the initial_h_values and some random guesses. Maybe generating a better initial guess by using a known solution or a pattern that is known to perform well.

Another thing to note: the current code's initial_h_values may not be the best starting point. Maybe using a different initial construction, such as a binary pattern with a certain period, could lead to better results.

For example, considering that the optimal h for C₅ might have a particular structure, such as placing 1s in parts of the interval that are spaced out to minimize overlaps when shifted.

Let me think: if we divide the interval [0,2] into intervals where h is 1 for certain parts. For example, a 3-1-3-1 pattern. But not sure.

Alternatively, the optimal h could be a binary function with intervals of length 1/2. For example, placing the 1s in positions that are spaced by more than 1 unit. But the total measure is 1, so with 2 units length, the proportion of 1s is 1/2. So maybe alternating between 0 and 1 for intervals of length 1/2. However, this may not be sufficient.

Alternatively, perhaps using a mathematical approach to construct h. For example, if we assume that the optimal h has a certain symmetry, we can model it with that symmetry.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to proceed. However, the previous code's initial_h_values is given, so maybe starting from that and trying to improve it with more advanced optimization is better.

Another possible improvement: using more advanced optimization techniques like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, but it's a local method and may not find the global minimum.

Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach, which is a global optimization technique. But again, the time may be a constraint.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe we can use a binary search approach on the possible C₅ values. For example, we can try to find the smallest C such that there exists a function h with integral 1 and all overlaps ≤ C. However, this would require solving an optimization problem for each C, which may not be efficient.

But given the time constraints, this may not be feasible.

Another thought: the problem is similar to the problem of finding a function that minimizes the maximum of certain integrals. For such problems, sometimes using a method of Lagrange multipliers can help. However, the objective function is non-convex and differentiable only where the maximum is achieved.

Perhaps, if we can approximate the maximum as a single term, then the problem becomes a convex optimization problem. For example, assuming that the maximum is achieved at a particular k, then we can optimize for that k. However, this is just an approximation and may not lead to the true minimum.

Alternatively, considering multiple k values and trying to balance them. For example, using a Lagrangian multiplier method where we minimize the sum of the integrals, but this may not directly apply.

But I'm not sure. This seems too vague.

Given all this, perhaps the best way is to modify the previous code to use a more efficient optimization strategy. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a better mutation strategy, or using a more efficient local optimization after global search.

Alternatively, using multiple different optimization methods in sequence, such as starting with a genetic algorithm, then refining with SLSQP, then another step of differential evolution.

Another idea: since the previous code uses the initial_h_values and some random guesses, maybe generating more informed initial guesses by using a pattern that is known to be good. For example, if the current initial_h_values is a good solution, perhaps tweaking it with some modifications.

Alternatively, the code could try to use a different starting point, such as a uniform distribution of 1s and 0s, but that may not be effective.

Another possible optimization: reduce the number of constraints. The current code enforces the sum constraint. However, when using optimization methods like differential evolution, which don't inherently handle constraints, the constraints may be violated. Hence, the need for the constraint function.

But in the previous code, after generating a solution via differential evolution, it uses SLSQP with the constraint. So the SLSQP step ensures that the constraint is satisfied. Maybe this is causing some issues, but it's necessary.

Another point to consider: the differential evolution and SLSQP steps may be computationally expensive. To save time, perhaps we can limit the number of iterations, but the code may not reach the optimal solution.

So, how to modify the previous code to improve the result?

Let me outline some possible modifications:

1. Use a different initial guess: instead of random guesses, generate more informed initial guesses based on a known pattern or structure.
2. Use a different global optimization method: such as a genetic algorithm or Bayesian optimization.
3. Use a more efficient local optimization method after global search.
4. Adjust hyperparameters of the optimization methods to save time while still getting good results.
5. Use a combination of multiple optimization steps, such as a global search followed by local refinement.

Let me think about possible code changes. The previous code uses differential evolution and then SLSQP. Perhaps trying a different optimization approach, like using a genetic algorithm with a better population size and mutation strategy.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimizer, like trust-constrained methods.

But given the time, perhaps the best is to use a combination of methods.

Another idea: implementing a simulated annealing approach. However, this might be slow.

Alternatively, use the previous code's structure but with different parameters. For example, increasing the popsize for differential evolution, or adjusting the number of iterations.

Wait, in the previous code, for the differential evolution, the popsize is 30, maxiter 30. Maybe increasing the popsize or maxiter would lead to better results, but this would take more time. However, the budget is 100 seconds. So if the previous code runs for 100 seconds, the modified code needs to be efficient.

Alternatively, use the differential evolution for a limited number of iterations, then run SLSQP for a few more steps.

Alternatively, use a simplex method like Nelder-Mead for refinement.

But I'm not sure. Let's think about the code again.

The previous code starts with initial_h_values. Then generates some random guesses. Then runs differential evolution for each guess, then uses SLSQP to refine. Then runs SLSQP multiple times for further refinement.

Maybe the problem is that the differential evolution is not exploring the space sufficiently. Adding more initial guesses might help.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess that is more optimal.

Another idea: instead of generating random guesses, generate initial guesses that have a structured pattern, like a binary pattern with certain spacing. For example, placing the 1s at positions that are spaced apart by a certain distance to minimize overlap.

For instance, suppose we divide the interval into m parts. If we choose every other part to be 1, then the overlap when shifted by certain k might be minimized. But how to determine m and the pattern?

Alternatively, if we know the optimal pattern is a certain way, we can generate initial guesses based on that. But since the problem is to improve the current record, perhaps I can't assume that.

Given all these thoughts, maybe the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different initial guess, perhaps more structured, and use a more efficient optimization method.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the code can be adjusted to use a genetic algorithm with tournament selection, or some other method.

Alternatively, using a different optimization library, like scipy's optimization functions with different methods.

But the code already uses scipy.optimize. So the code might need to be adjusted to use different methods.

Another thought: the previous code uses a random choice of indices to set the initial guess. Maybe instead of generating random guesses, generate some structured ones.

For example, use a known optimal pattern. However, without knowing the optimal pattern, this is a shot in the dark.

Alternatively, generate initial guesses where the 1s are placed at positions that are spread out. For example, using a grid or some periodic pattern.

Alternatively, use a pattern where the 1s are placed in such a way that when x is in a 1 interval, x + k is in a 0 interval for most k. But this is too vague.

Alternatively, generate initial guesses with a certain period, like placing 1s in certain intervals repeatedly.

But with the given time, perhaps trying to modify the previous code to use a different optimization approach, such as using the basin-hopping algorithm from scipy.optimize.

The basin-hopping algorithm is a global optimization technique that combines local optimization with random perturbations. It might be more effective than differential evolution for this problem.

So perhaps replacing the differential evolution steps with basin-hopping, and then using SLSQP for refinement.

But I need to think about how to implement this.

Alternatively, using the previous code's structure but switching the differential evolution step with basin-hopping.

Another idea: the current code uses multiple initial guesses and runs differential evolution for each. Maybe instead of doing that, use a single initial guess and use basin-hopping to explore the space.

Alternatively, use simulated annealing.

But I'm not familiar enough with all the optimization methods in scipy to implement them here. However, I can try.

Alternatively, try using a better local optimizer. For example, in the current code, after differential evolution, it uses SLSQP with many iterations. Maybe that's the main time-consuming part, and reducing the number of iterations could save time while still getting good results.

Another possibility is to limit the number of initial random guesses. Maybe starting with the initial_h_values and one or two other guesses instead of many.

Additionally, the code's current approach of generating multiple guesses and running optimization on each might not be efficient. Instead, maybe using a single global optimization method that explores the space efficiently.

But given the time constraints, I need to make changes to the code.

So, here's a plan:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Run a global optimization method (like Basin-Hopping) to find a good solution.
3. Refine it with a local optimization method (like SLSQP).
4. Try other starting points if time permits.

Implementing this in code:

But how to do this in scipy. For example, using scipy.optimize.basinhopping.

So modifying the code to use basinhopping instead of differential evolution.

But the basinhopping requires the objective function and the initial guess.

So the code would look something like this:

res = optimize.basinhopping(objective, initial_guess, niter=..., T=..., ...)

But the basinhopping has parameters for the number of iterations, temperature, etc.

However, basinhopping may take more time than differential evolution, but it may find better solutions.

Alternatively, combine basinhopping with SLSQP.

But I need to write this in code.

Also, the previous code's objective function is the maximum of the corr * dx, which is what we want to minimize.

So in code:

import scipy.optimize as optimize

...

def objective(h_vals):
    corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
    return np.max(corr) * dx  # need to return the value to minimize

Then, the basinhopping would try to minimize this function.

But the basinhopping may have issues with the bounds and constraints.

But the basinhopping method does not handle constraints for the optimization.

Ah, right, because the basinhopping is for unconstrained optimization. But our problem has the constraint that sum(h) = n_points / 2.

So how to handle this? We could include the constraint in the objective function with a penalty, but that's not ideal.

Alternatively, use a constrained optimization method like SLSQP as the local optimizer in basinhopping. However, the basinhopping documentation says that the local minimizer can be a constrained optimizer.

So, modifying the code to use basinhopping with SLSQP as the local minimizer.

So, the code would use:

res = optimize.basinhopping(objective, initial_guess, niter=..., T=..., minimizer_kwargs={"method": "SLSQP", "bounds": bounds, "constraints": [constraint]})

But I need to check if scipy's basinhopping supports this.

According to the scipy documentation, basinhopping can take a 'minimizer_kwargs' parameter, which is a dictionary of parameters passed to the local minimizer. So this is possible.

But what about the bounds and constraints? The SLSQP method can handle bounds and constraints.

So, the code could be modified to use basinhopping with SLSQP as the local minimizer.

This might be more efficient than differential evolution, especially for the global search part.

So the plan is:

- Use basinhopping to find a good solution, using SLSQP as the local optimizer.
- This would handle the constraints.
- Then, apply further refinement with SLSQP.

This could potentially find better solutions than the previous approach.

Another possible change: instead of generating multiple initial guesses, use the initial_h_values as the starting point for basinhopping.

So, modifying the code to use:

After generating initial_h_values, run basinhopping with initial_h_values as the starting point.

But I need to implement this.

Another thing: the basinhopping method has parameters like niter (number of basin-hopping iterations), T (temperature), and the minimizer_kwargs. Tuning these parameters can affect the performance.

With this approach, perhaps we can find better solutions in less time than the previous code's approach.

Additionally, the previous code used multiple differential evolution calls, which may not be necessary. Replacing that with a single basinhopping call could save time and lead to better results.

Another possible improvement: using the initial_h_values as the starting point, and then applying multiple basinhopping steps with different parameters.

But given the time constraint, this might be feasible.

So the code modifications would be:

- Replace the differential evolution steps with basinhopping.
- Use SLSQP as the local optimizer in basinhopping.
- Then perform additional SLSQP refinements.

Additionally, the code may need to handle the scales of the objective function, ensuring that the basinhopping can efficiently explore the space.

So, putting this into code:

Within the run function, after defining the objective and the constraint, we can perform:

res = optimize.basinhopping(objective, best_h, niter=50, T=1.0, minimizer_kwargs={"method": "SLSQP", "bounds": bounds, "constraints": [{"type": "eq", "fun": constraint_sum}], "options": {"maxiter": 100, "ftol": 1e-9}})

This would run basinhopping for 50 iterations, with a temperature of 1.0, and use SLSQP as the localoptimizer with certain options.

Then, after basinhopping returns a good solution, we can perform further refinement steps with SLSQP.

This approach may be more efficient than the previous differential evolution + SLSQP steps.

But I need to test this in code.

Another thing to consider: the basinhopping may not handle the bounds and constraints properly. In particular, the SLSQP method in minimizer_kwargs must handle the bounds and constraints.

So, the code would need to pass the constraints and bounds correctly.

The constraint is sum(h) = target_sum, which is handled by the constraint_sum function.

But the basinhopping's minimizer_kwargs is passed the constraints as a list of dictionaries.

Thus, the code would need to set up the constraints correctly.

Now, putting all this together, the code would look like:

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx  # value to minimize
    
    def constraint_sum(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Use basinhopping for global search
    try:
        res_bh = optimize.basinhopping(objective, best_h, niter=50, T=1.0,
                                       minimizer_kwargs={"method": "SLSQP",
                                                         "bounds": bounds,
                                                         "constraints": [{"type": "eq", "fun": constraint_sum}],
                                                         "options": {"maxiter": 100, "ftol": 1e-9}})
        best_h = res_bh.x
        best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    except:
        pass  # In case of error, use the initial guess
    
    # Refine further with SLSQP
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, best_h, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 30, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8})
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

But wait, the basinhopping may not be the best choice here. Also, the basinhopping's T parameter is set to 1.0, which may need to be adjusted. Also, the number of iterations (niter=50) may need to be adjusted based on time.

Additionally, there might be issues with the objective function's return value. The baseline code returns the value to minimize, which is correct.

Another thing to note: the basinhopping might take longer to run, but given the budget of 100 seconds, it's worth trying.

Another possible modification is to combine this with other optimization steps. For example, after doing basinhopping, run differential evolution on the best solution found, then refine with SLSQP.

But without testing, it's hard to say.

Additionally, the code needs to import optimize from scipy.optimize.

Another thing to consider is that the basinhopping may take more time than the previous approach. Hence, the number of niter and other parameters need to be carefully chosen to fit within the budget.

Given all this, I think modifying the previous code to use basinhopping as the global optimization step with SLSQP refinement might lead to better results.

Another possible optimization: reduce the number of SLSQP refinement steps, as the time is limited.

Also, the initial code used multiple random initial guesses, which might be replaced by using the initial_h_values as the starting point.

By focusing the optimization on a single starting point with basinhopping, we might find a better solution.

Thus, the modified code would be as above.

But I need to make sure that the code is within the constraints of the problem statement, including the use of scipy, numpy, etc., and that it's written concisely and within the token limit.

Another possible adjustment is to use a smaller number of basinhopping iterations, say niter=30, to save time.

Also, perhaps using a lower temperature for basinhopping to converge faster.

Overall, I think this approach is worth trying. The key difference is replacing the differential evolution with basinhopping, which might find better solutions in less time.

Additionally, the previous code tried to generate multiple guesses and ran differential evolution on them, which could be replaced by using the initial_h_values as the starting point for basinhopping.

Thus, this should be the modified code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Global search with basin-hopping
    try:
        res_bh = optimize.basinhopping(
            objective, best_h, niter=50, T=1.0,
            minimizer_kwargs={
                "method": "SLSQP",
                "bounds": bounds,
                "constraints": [{"type": "eq", "fun": constraint_sum}],
                "options": {"maxiter": 100, "ftol": 1e-9}
            }
        )
        best_h = res_bh.x
        best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    except:
        pass  # Fall back to initial guess
    
    # Local refinement with SLSQP
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        res = optimize.minimize(
            objective, best_h, method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 30, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```