<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876, which is even lower. So, my goal is to get a C₅ that's lower than the previous 0.381142. 

First, I should understand the problem. The task is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral over k. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) dx. So, the maximum of these over all k is C₅, and we want to minimize that.

The previous code used differential evolution followed by SLSQP optimization. But maybe there are better approaches. Let me think about the possible improvements.

The initial code starts from a given initial_h_values, which is a starting point. Maybe starting from other points could help avoid local minima. Also, the hyperparameters of the optimization might be adjusted to get better results. For example, using different optimization algorithms, maybe Bayesian optimization, or more advanced methods.

But considering time constraints and code simplicity, maybe using a different approach. For instance, using a genetic algorithm or a different local search. However, the previous code already tried differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe combining multiple strategies?

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of several integrals, perhaps we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we try to minimize the maximum over the overlaps. However, maximizing over k is tricky. So, the objective function is the maximum of the overlaps, which is a non-differentiable function. That's a challenge for gradient-based methods.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a dithering approach, where the function h is constructed to have certain periodicity or symmetry to minimize overlaps. For example, creating a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in such a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. But how to formalize that?

Another angle: the current initial_h_values has n=45 points. Maybe increasing n_points would allow for better optimization. But the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred for speed. However, maybe using a slightly larger n could help, as the previous code uses 45 points. But the user's initial code uses n_points from the initial_h_values. Wait, the problem says to represent h as n_points samples over [0,2], and the previous code uses len(initial_h_values). So, maybe the initial code uses n=45. If I can find a better starting point with a different number of points, maybe that helps.

But given the time budget, I need to make the code efficient. Maybe using a more targeted search. Let's think about how the previous code works. It starts with initial_h_values, then generates a few random guesses (like random 50% ones), and then uses differential evolution and SLSQP to optimize. However, it might be stuck in local optima. 

An alternative approach is to use a global optimization method that's more effective. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate solutions, allowing for crossover and mutation. But implementing a genetic algorithm in Python could be time-consuming and might not be as efficient as existing methods.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach. However, that also requires more complex setup and may not be feasible within the time budget.

Another thought: perhaps using a convex relaxation. But the problem is non-convex, so convex relaxation might not work directly. However, maybe we can approximate the problem with some constraints. But I'm not sure.

Wait, the objective function is the maximum of several integrals, which is a max function. To minimize this, maybe we can use a dual formulation. For each k, we have the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. The maximum over k is what we need to minimize. 

But how to model this. Let me think: for each shift k, the integral is the overlap between h and 1 - h shifted by k. So, perhaps this can be viewed as the mutual information or cross-correlation. But again, the maximum over all k is the problem.

An idea is to use a greedy approach, where we try to minimize the maximum overlap for a subset of shifts, then iteratively improve. But how?

Alternatively, since the function h can be represented as a step function, perhaps we can model it as a set of intervals where h is 0 or 1. Then, for each possible interval, we can compute the overlaps. But this seems complex.

Another angle: the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a different local optimizer with better settings. Or using a global optimizer with a better setup. For example, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints.

Wait, the code uses scipy.optimize's differential_evolution, which is a global optimizer, followed by SLSQP for local optimization. Maybe the hyperparameters of differential_evolution can be adjusted. For example, increasing the population size, or changing the mutation and recombination rates.

Alternatively, perhaps starting with more initial guesses. The previous code uses 6 guesses (the initial one and 5 random ones). Maybe generating more initial guesses could help in exploring the search space better.

Another thought: the current approach may not be fully utilizing the problem structure. For example, the function h is on [0, 2], and the shifts can lead to overlaps that wrap around. But the code uses the full mode of correlation, which includes all shifts. However, the integrals over k might be periodic, but maybe there are symmetries or patterns that can be exploited.

Wait, in the problem statement, the integral is over x, and the shift k can be any real number. But in the code, we use np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the correlations for all possible shifts. However, the actual integral might be over all real numbers k, but since the function is periodic or defined on a certain interval, perhaps the maximum occurs for certain specific k values. But how to model that?

Alternatively, maybe the optimal h has a specific pattern. For example, a function that is 1 on intervals of certain lengths and 0 on others. If such a structure can be found, it might lead to a better C₅. For instance, if h is a periodic function with period 1, then the shifts would include periodic overlaps. But how to construct such a function?

Another idea: using the fact that for the Erdős problem, the optimal solution might be similar to the known constructions, such as those using evenly spaced intervals or other regular patterns. Perhaps modifying those patterns to better fit the constraints.

But without knowing the structure, it's hard to proceed. Let me think again about the optimization approach. The previous code's approach is to first use differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then use SLSQP to refine it. However, maybe the differential evolution is not efficiently exploring the search space. Maybe using a different initial guess generation method. For example, instead of random guesses, using a more informed approach.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization algorithm. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which is a derivative-free method, could be effective. Or using a genetic algorithm with a larger population.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the previous approach can be improved by adjusting parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution, or using a different population size.

Wait, in the current code, after generating multiple initial guesses, the code runs differential evolution on each guess. But maybe that's not the most efficient way. Instead, perhaps running differential evolution once with multiple initial points, or initializing the population with the initial guess and the random guesses.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h function is such that all overlaps are equal, leading to a uniform maximum. That might be the case if the h is designed to equally distribute the overlaps. However, this is just a hypothesis.

To formalize this, suppose that for all shifts k, the integral is C₅. Then, the problem reduces to finding such a function h. However, this is a more complex optimization problem as it requires equalizing the overlaps across all k.

Alternatively, maybe using a pattern that minimizes the maximum of the integrals. For example, a function that alternates between high and low regions in a way that overlaps are minimized when shifted.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's challenging. 

Another approach is to use the existing initial_h_values and try to refine it further. The initial code uses a starting point and tries to improve it. Perhaps there's room for better optimization steps.

In terms of the code, the previous approach uses differential evolution with fixed parameters. Maybe adjusting the mutation and recombination rates could lead to better results. Also, the code uses a fixed number of iterations for differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe increasing these numbers could help, but within the time budget.

Another thought: the current code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess, then generates 5 more random guesses. However, maybe generating more initial guesses would be better. For example, generating 10 or 20 initial guesses. However, this might be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, maybe using the initial_h_values as the starting point and then applying a more sophisticated optimization, like a hybrid of differential evolution and SLSQP with more adaptive parameters.

Wait, the code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess and then tries to improve it. However, the initial_h_values might be a local minimum, and the differential evolution and SLSQP steps might not find a better solution. Maybe using a different starting point would be better. For example, starting with a different pattern, like a simple alternating pattern.

But how to generate such patterns algorithmically? For example, creating a pattern that has equal intervals of 0 and 1. However, since the integral needs to be 1, the length of the intervals would have to be adjusted. For example, if h(x) is 1 on intervals of length t and 0 elsewhere, then the total length is t*N, where N is the number of intervals. But for the integral to be 1, t*N = 1 (since the integral over [0,2] would be the sum of t's). Wait, no. If h is 1 on some intervals and 0 otherwise, the integral is the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h is 1. So for example, if we have m intervals where h is 1, each of length l_i, then the sum of l_i is 1. But the total length of [0,2] is 2, so the sum of the lengths where h is 1 is 1, and the rest where h is 0 is 1. 

If we can design such a pattern, maybe it could lead to lower overlaps. For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are spread out such that shifting h by k would not align too many regions, leading to smaller overlaps. But how to find this structure?

This seems like a problem that could be approached with pattern generation. For instance, if we use a periodic function with period T, but given the interval [0, 2], the period might be 2/T. However, this is getting a bit abstract.

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the overlap with shifted versions, the optimal function might be similar to a low autocorrelation sequence. In coding theory, sequences with low autocorrelation are used in various applications, and perhaps similar ideas can be applied here. For example, a sequence that has minimal correlation with its shifts. 

But how to translate this into a function h on [0,2]?

If we think about h as a sequence of values (step function), the overlap integrals are related to the autocorrelation. So, the problem could be seen as finding a function with minimal maximum autocorrelation. 

In that case, existing literature on low autocorrelation sequences could inspire the construction of h. For example, using a sequence that is a Barker sequence or similar. However, Barker sequences are binary and have minimal autocorrelation, but they are discrete and finite. Translating this to a continuous function on [0,2] might require a more creative approach.

But even if we can't directly use such sequences, the idea of constructing a function that spreads out the 1s and 0s to minimize overlaps could be helpful.

Given that, perhaps generating h as a series of intervals where h is 1, but spaced in such a way that their shifts do not align much. For example, placing the intervals at regular intervals with certain spacing. 

For instance, if the intervals are of length t and spaced such that their shifts overlap as little as possible. However, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to code this. 

Back to the code. Perhaps the previous approach can be improved by changing the initial guesses. For example, using a different initial pattern that's better than the initial_h_values. But since the initial_h_values is provided, maybe it's already a good starting point, and we should build upon that.

Another idea: the code uses the full correlation, which includes shifts that are outside the [0,2] interval. For example, when k is larger than 2, the shifted function 1 - h(x +k) would be outside the domain, but the integral is over x where x +k is in [0,2], so effectively, the integral is over x ∈ [0,2 -k], and the rest is zero. However, the code uses the full correlation, which may be capturing these cases, but perhaps this is not the intended way.

Wait, the problem states that h is a function from [0,2] to [0,1]. So, when shifting by k, the overlap integral would be over x such that x and x +k are in [0,2]. However, the integral over x is over [0,2], but for x where x +k is not in [0,2], the term (1 - h(x +k)) would be zero, as h is only defined on [0,2]. Therefore, the integral is only over x where x +k ∈ [0,2]. That is, for k in [0, 2], x ∈ [0, 2 -k]. So, the maximum k would be 2, and the integral is over a shrinking interval as k increases.

Therefore, the overlaps for all k in [0,2]. But the code uses the full correlation, which might include shifts beyond this, but the integrals would be zero for those. Therefore, the code's evaluation of the correlations may not be accurate. Maybe the previous code captures the overlaps correctly. 

But perhaps the code is correct in how it computes the integrals. For example, using the full mode of correlation, which gives the correlation for all possible shifts. However, for each shift k, the integral is computed as the overlap between h and (1 - h shifted by k), integrated over x where x and x +k are in [0,2]. But the code computes the full correlation, which for the full mode, gives the cross-correlation for all shifts, which is the same as integrating over x from 0 to 2 -k. But I'm not sure. 

Alternatively, perhaps the code is overcounting, but given that it's the current approach, maybe it's the best we can do.

In terms of improving the previous code, perhaps the key is to improve the optimization steps. For example, using more efficient initial guesses, better parameter tuning in the optimization algorithms, or combining multiple optimization techniques.

One possible change is to use more sophisticated initial guesses. For example, instead of randomly choosing some 50% as 1s, maybe generating a more structured pattern. But how?

Alternatively, generating initial guesses based on the initial_h_values by perturbing it slightly. For example, creating small variations of the initial pattern to explore nearby solutions.

Another idea: since the objective function is the maximum of the overlaps, perhaps instead of minimizing this maximum using a single optimization, we can use a penalty method where we minimize the sum of the overlaps, but with a penalty for large overlaps. However, this is not straightforward and might not lead to better results.

Another possible optimization is to use the fact that the maximum overlap is determined by several shifts, and perhaps focus the optimization on these shifts. For example, finding the shifts that contribute the most to the maximum overlap and optimizing for those.

Alternatively, using a dynamic approach. For example, first optimize for one shift, then another, and so on, but this could get complicated.

Another angle: considering that the overlap integral is a double integral over x and k, but the problem requires the maximum over k. Maybe using some properties of the function h to construct it such that these integrals are minimized. For example, if h is a random function, the overlaps might be small. However, we need to ensure the integral is exactly 1.

But since the problem requires the function to be a step function with a specific integral, it's not straightforward to model it as a random process.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code by adjusting the optimization parameters, using more initial guesses, and possibly combining different optimization techniques. For example, using a genetic algorithm for initial exploration and then SLSQP for refinement.

But how to implement this efficiently in Python? Let me think about possible changes.

First, in the previous code, the method starts with the initial_h_values and then generates 5 more guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses would help. For example, using 10 initial guesses. Additionally, varying the initial guesses based on different patterns.

Another idea: for each initial guess, use a different optimization strategy. For instance, some guesses use differential evolution and others use other methods.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimizer. For example, instead of using SLSQP, maybe using COBYLA which handles bounds and constraints better. Or using the L-BFGS-B method with bounds.

But in scipy, the SLSQP is suitable for equality constraints. However, COBYLA and other methods may be alternatives.

Alternatively, combining the methods. For example, using a hybrid approach where differential evolution is used to find a good solution, and then SLSQP is used to refine it further.

Another possible adjustment: increasing the number of iterations for the differential evolution and SLSQP steps. However, given the time budget, we have to be careful not to exceed the time limit.

Another idea: the previous code uses mutation parameters (0.6, 0.9) in differential evolution. Maybe playing around with these parameters could lead to better results. For example, a higher mutation rate could help escape local optima.

Also, the recombination parameter is set to 0.8. Adjusting this might help.

But how to code this? The code already has parameters, so maybe changing them could be beneficial.

Moreover, the code uses 30 iterations for differential evolution and 60 for SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help, but with the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Another thought: for the initial guesses, instead of using random ones, maybe use a pattern that is more promising. For example, distributing the 1s and 0s in a way that the function has equal spacing, or some periodic pattern.

For example, creating an initial guess where the h is 1 on intervals that are spread evenly across [0,2]. For instance, dividing the interval into n equal parts and setting h to 1 for every other interval. But this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a random pattern where the 1s are placed at random positions but ensuring the integral is 1.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to code.

Given that the time is limited, perhaps the previous code's approach can be improved by modifying the optimization parameters, increasing the number of initial guesses, or adjusting the optimization method.

Another possibility is using a different initial guess. For example, the current code uses the initial_h_values, but maybe generating a different starting point. However, the problem says that if initial_h_values is available, it should be used directly. So, the code is using that initial guess, but maybe other initial points can be generated.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided as a variable, and the code uses it. But maybe the initial guess is not the best, and we can generate other starting points. However, the rules state that when initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So, we can't redefine it or copy its entries. So, the code must use initial_h_values as the first guess and then generate other guesses.

Therefore, perhaps generating more initial guesses based on variations of initial_h_values could help. For example, flipping some of the values, or perturbing them slightly.

Alternatively, generating initial guesses that have different patterns. For example, for the initial_h_values, which is of length 45, perhaps generating a guess where the function is 1 in the first half and 0 in the second half, but this would likely not satisfy the integral constraint, so adjustments would be needed.

But how to generate such a guess algorithmically. For example, create a guess where h is 1 for the first n/2 points and 0 for the rest. But the sum needs to be n_points/2. For n=45, n_points/2 is 22.5, so maybe set 22 points to 1 and 23 to 0. But this would be an initial guess.

But generating such patterns could be useful. However, this is more of a heuristic and may not lead to better results.

Given time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the parameters of the optimizer in the previous code to try to get better results. For example, increasing the number of initial guesses, adjusting the differential evolution parameters, or using a different optimizer.

Let me think about modifying the previous code. For example, in the current code, the differential evolution is run for 30 iterations per guess. Maybe increasing that to 50 or 100 would help. But again, time is a concern.

Another idea: using a different initial guess. For example, instead of creating random guesses, create guesses that are more structured. For instance, generating guesses that alternate between 1 and 0. However, ensuring that the sum is n_points/2 would require some adjustments.

Alternatively, using the existing initial_h_values and creating perturbations of it. For example, adding small random values to some points and adjusting others to maintain the sum constraint. This could generate more diverse initial guesses.

But how to implement this in code? For example, taking the initial_h_values, making a copy, and then slightly modifying it to create a new guess. This could be done by selecting some indices and increasing/decreasing their values, then adjusting others to maintain the sum. 

But this might be time-consuming to implement, especially for the code to run within the budget.

Another angle: the code uses a lot of computational steps. To save time, perhaps limiting the number of initial guesses. For example, instead of 5, use 2 or 3.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the Powell method for optimization, which is a derivative-free method. Or using the Nelder-Mead simplex method.

But again, without knowing which method would work best, it's hard to say.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best is to try a few modifications to the previous code:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses to generate more diversity.
2. Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution (like population size, mutation, recombination).
3. Use a different optimizer for the refinement steps, like COBYLA.
4. Use a different initial guess pattern.

Let me think about how to code these changes.

For example:

- Increasing the number of initial guesses from 5 to 10.
- Using a larger population size in differential evolution.
- Changing the mutation and recombination parameters.
- Using the COBYLA method in the SLSQP step.

But since the code is already using SLSQP, perhaps using COBYLA could be better.

Alternatively, in the code, when running SLSQP after differential evolution, what if we use a different method? Or use a combination.

But the previous code uses SLSQP after differential evolution with certain parameters. 

Another idea: since the previous code's best result was 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876, we need to get a lower value. To achieve that, the code might need to perform more thorough searches.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to refine the solution. For example, after obtaining a solution from SLSQP, perform a few more iterations of differential evolution with that solution as the initial guess.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the code can be modified to run a few more SLSQP steps or with different parameters.

Also, the code uses the constraint_sum function, which is the sum of h_vals minus n_points/2. This is correct.

In the code, the differential evolution is run with popsize=30, maxiter=30. Maybe increasing maxiter to 50 or 100 could help, but again, time is a problem.

Perhaps, given the time limitations, it's better to make the code run the optimization steps more efficiently, such as reducing the number of iterations but increasing the population size, or using different methods.

Another idea: using the current initial guess and applying a more aggressive optimization. For example, using a larger number of iterations in the differential evolution and SLSQP steps.

In the current code, after the initial guesses, there are a few refinement steps. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps or extending the time allocated for them.

Alternatively, using the initial guess as a starting point and running the optimization steps without generating extra guesses.

But I think the main problem with the previous code is that it spends too much time on the initial differential evolution steps, which might not be effective. Maybe focusing more on the refinement steps.

Given that, perhaps the code should be modified to run differential evolution for all initial guesses at once, but that's not feasible.

In conclusion, modifying the optimization parameters and increasing the number of initial guesses, while using more efficient optimization methods, could lead to better results. However, within the time budget, it's important to manage the computational resources effectively.

Now, translating all these thoughts into code.

First, let's adjust the number of initial guesses. Instead of generating 5 random guesses, generate more, say 10. Also, generating guesses that are not just random but based on patterns.

But how to generate those guesses? For example, dividing the interval into blocks and setting some to 1 and others to 0.

Alternatively, creating a guess where the function has a certain periodic pattern. For instance, a sawtooth wave with certain parameters.

But for code brevity and efficiency, it's better to generate guesses using basic patterns.

Another idea: generating a guess where h is 1 in certain positions that would minimize the overlapping integrals. For example, placing 1s in positions that are evenly spaced. This can be done by dividing the interval into n equal parts and selecting every other part to set to 1. However, this may not satisfy the integral constraint, so adjusting the lengths as needed.

But for code, it's easier to generate a guess with 25% of the points set to 1, then adjust the sum to n_points/2. For example:

For n_points = 45, n_points/2 is 22.5, so setting 22 points to 1 and 23 to 0. But in this case, the guess would have sum 22, which is 0.488... * 45 (since 22/45 = 0.488). But the target is 22.5. So, adjusting a few points to have higher values.

But this seems complex. Alternatively, creating a guess with h[i] = 1 for the first 23 points, and 0 for the rest. The sum would be 23, which is above n_points/2. Then adjust the last few points to turn some 1s into 0s and some 0s into 1s to reach the target. But this would require some calculation.

Given the time, perhaps this is too involved. 

Alternatively, generating a guess that is the initial_h_values but with some random noise added, then ensuring the sum is correct.

But again, for code brevity, it's better to generate a few initial guesses.

Another idea: using the initial_h_values and generating a few guesses by flipping a random subset of the values to 1 or 0. For example, selecting 10% of the points and flipping them, then adjusting the sum.

But in code, this could be done as follows:

For each guess:

1. Make a copy of the initial_h_values.
2. Randomly select a subset of indices to flip.
3. Adjust the sum to be exactly n_points/2.

But this requires code to handle the adjustments. However, given that the sum after flipping may not be exactly the required value, we need to adjust.

But this seems complicated to implement quickly.

Alternatively, for the purpose of generating initial guesses, just using a few variations of the initial_h_values by adding noise. For example, adding small random perturbations to each value, then setting them to 0 or 1 to maintain the sum. But this may not be feasible.

Given time constraints, perhaps the best is to adjust the previous code by increasing the number of initial guesses and optimizing the parameters.

So, in the code, instead of 5 additional guesses, generate 10 more. Also, adjust the differential evolution parameters, like increasing the number of iterations, or changing the mutation rate.

Another change: when running SLSQP, use a different method, like COBYLA or Nelder-Mead. Or combine methods.

But I have to stick with the code as much as possible.

Another adjustment: in the previous code, after generating initial guesses, it runs differential evolution on each guess. Maybe this is inefficient, as differential evolution is a global optimizer. Instead, perhaps running it once with the initial guess and the random guesses as the population.

But again, it's not clear.

In conclusion, I'll modify the previous code by:

1. Increasing the number of initial guesses.
2. Changing the differential evolution parameters.
3. Using a different optimizer for the refinement steps.
4. Possibly adjusting the number of iterations for the optimization steps.

Now, let me write the code.

The previous code starts with the initial_h_values. Then generates guesses by setting half of the indices to 1. I'll change this to generate more guesses, maybe 10, and vary the ways they are constructed. For example, some random guesses, some based on periodic patterns.

But to keep it simple, I'll increase the number of guesses to 10. Also, adjust the mutation and recombination parameters in differential evolution.

Additionally, in the refinement steps, instead of running SLSQP for 5 times, run it more times or with different parameters.

But in code, let's try to do the following:

- Generate 10 initial guesses: one is the initial_h_values, and 9 are random guesses.

- For the random guesses, instead of setting n_points/2 to 1, perhaps using a different distribution.

But given time, perhaps it's better to keep the previous approach and increase the number of guesses.

Here's the modified code:

In the previous code, the initial guesses are:

guesses = [initial_h_values]
for _ in range(5):
   idxs = np.random.choice(n_points, n_points // 2, replace=False)
   guess = np.zeros(n_points)
   guess[idxs] = 1.0
   guesses.append(guess)

Change to generate 9 more guesses, so 10 total. Then, perhaps increase the population size in differential evolution.

Also, change the mutation parameter to a different range, like (0.5, 1.0), and recombination to 0.7.

Another change: in the refinement steps, after the initial guesses, instead of running 5 times, run 10 times.

Also, for the SLSQP steps, use a higher number of iterations.

But I need to code this.

So, modifying the code as follows:

- Increase the number of initial guesses to 10 (initial +9).

- Adjust the differential evolution parameters.

- Increase the number of refinement steps.

But given the time budget, let's write this code.

The final code would look like this, with parameters adjusted and more initial guesses.

However, since the user requires the code to return a tuple (h_values, c5_bound, n_points), and the initial_h_values is used, I'll proceed to write the code with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Enhanced initialization with more structured guesses
    guesses = [np.array(initial_h_values)]
    for _ in range(9):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 30:
            break
        idxs = np.random.choice(n_points, n_points // 2, replace=False)
        guess = np.zeros(n_points)
        guess[idxs] = 1.0
        guesses.append(guess)
    
    for guess in guesses:
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 30:
            break
        # Differential evolution with adjusted parameters
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(objective, bounds, popsize=40, maxiter=40,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.7, tol=1e-9)
        if res.success:
            # Refine with SLSQP using tighter tolerances
            res_slsqp = optimize.minimize(objective, res.x, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                         constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                                         options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-8})
            if res_slsqp.success and objective(res_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(res_slsqp.x)
                best_h = res_slsqp.x
    
    # Final refinement with adaptive steps
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, best_h, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 50, 'ftol': 1e-11, 'eps': 1e-8})
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```