<think>
Alright, I need to tackle this problem of improving the upper bound for the Erdős constant C₅. Let me start by understanding the current setup. The previous solution uses a simulated annealing approach with a specific initial configuration. The goal is to find a better upper bound, specifically aiming for C₅ ≤ 0.380876.

First, I should consider what the existing code does. It uses a start point with 280 samples, applies some hill-climbing with simulated annealing, and tries to minimize the overlap integral. The main idea is to perturb the current solution and accept worse solutions with a probability that decreases over time.

But the user wants a different approach. The strategy mentions multi-start local search with basis transformations. That suggests generating multiple starting points from the initial solution and optimizing each one. Instead of a single path, explore different directions systematically.

The challenge is to create a more efficient search that avoids local minima. Maybe using a different optimization method, like genetic algorithms or gradient-based approaches with constraints. But considering the problem's constraints (sum of h is fixed, values between 0 and 1), maybe a projection onto the feasible region and then optimizing.

Another thought: since the overlap integral is computed via convolution, perhaps there's a way to model this as a quadratic optimization problem. However, the max over k complicates things. Alternatively, for each shift k, find the optimal h that minimizes the integral, then choose the worst-case k.

But how to handle the max? Maybe use a maximin approach: minimize the worst-case integral. This is a bilevel optimization problem, which is difficult. So, perhaps approximate it by evaluating the integral for a few critical shifts and optimizing for those.

The existing code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points=280). Maybe trying a smaller n_points can speed things up, allowing more iterations. But the user didn't specify a preference for larger n_points, just that smaller sequences are preferred for speed.

Another angle: the current approach uses a symmetric initial configuration. Maybe breaking the symmetry could help. For example, instead of a symmetric shape, use an asymmetric one that distributes the mass more evenly to avoid overlaps.

The repair function in the existing code scales the values to meet the integral constraint. That's important. Any optimization approach must maintain the sum(h) = n_points / 4. Maybe using a more sophisticated repair mechanism, like projected gradient descent, to handle constraints better.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code has a run function that initializes h, then runs simulated annealing. To improve this, perhaps instead of simulated annealing, use a more directed search. For example, using a genetic algorithm where each population member is a possible h, and we evolve them by crossover and mutation, ensuring the sum constraint is met. But with the time budget of 100 seconds, maybe a local search with multiple restarts is more feasible.

The strategy mentioned a basis formation technique. Maybe generating multiple candidate solutions by applying different basis transformations to the initial solution. Each basis transformation could be a small perturbation that maintains the sum constraint. Then optimize each of these candidates separately, leading to a global search.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based approach. The overlap integral can be expressed as a function of h. Taking derivatives with respect to each h_i and using gradient descent to minimize the max integral. However, the max over k complicates the derivative, but for local optimization, maybe approximate the worst k.

Wait, the overlap integral for a given h is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. So, for a fixed h, the overlap is the maximum over k. So during optimization, we need to consider not just the value of the integral for all k, but the maximum among them.

This is a max-min problem. To minimize the maximum, perhaps use a method that for each candidate h, evaluates the integral for several k values and tunes h to minimize the worst case.

But how to implement this? Maybe for each candidate h, compute the integral for a range of k values (e.g., k=0.1, 0.2, ..., 0.5) and take the maximum. Then optimize h to minimize this maximum.

Another thought: the integral can be interpreted as the expected value of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) over x. So, for a fixed k, the integral is a kind of cross-correlation. The problem is to choose h such that this cross-correlation is minimized for the worst k.

This is similar to a problem in signal processing where you want to design a signal with certain correlation properties. Maybe using techniques from that field, like designing a signal with low autocorrelation.

The existing code uses a symmetric initial h, which might be a peak around x=1. Maybe designing an asymmetric shape or a more complex pattern could help.

Let me outline a possible approach:

1. Start with the initial_h_values provided (if available). If not, create a starting solution.
2. Generate multiple candidates by applying random perturbations to the initial solution, ensuring the sum constraint is maintained.
3. Optimize each candidate using a local search method that minimizes the overlap integral, considering multiple k values.
4. Keep track of the best solution found.
5. Use a more efficient optimization method than simulated annealing, like gradient descent with constraints.

But how to handle the constraints during optimization? For the sum constraint, we can project the solution back to the feasible region after each update. For the individual components, clamp them between 0 and 1.

Let me think about how to implement this. For each candidate h, during optimization, we can compute the integral for several k, take the maximum, and use gradient descent to minimize this maximum. However, calculating derivatives with respect to h might be challenging due to the max operation.

Alternatively, use a numerical optimization approach where for each step, we evaluate the maximum integral over a range of k, and adjust h to minimize this. This is a bit brute-force but might be manageable.

Another consideration is the time budget. The existing code allows for 100 seconds, so we need to ensure that the algorithm can run within that time. Simulated annealing might be too slow for more complex interactions. Maybe switch to a more direct method.

Let me consider the following plan:

- Use a genetic algorithm with a small population size, but with a larger number of generations to ensure diversity.
- Each individual is a vector h that satisfies the sum constraint.
- The fitness function is the maximum overlap integral over k.
- Use crossover and mutation to generate new solutions, ensuring the sum constraint is maintained.
- Use a tournament selection to keep the best solutions.

But implementing a genetic algorithm might be more complex and require careful tuning. Alternatively, use a local search approach with multiple restarts from different initial points.

Another idea is to use a more structured search, such as a basin-hopping algorithm, which combines local optimization with random perturbations. This could be a good alternative to simulated annealing, as it can escape local minima by randomly perturbing the solution.

The key is to ensure that the optimization process explores different regions of the solution space and finds a good minimum.

Considering all this, perhaps a better approach is to use a gradient-based method with constraints, but since the function is non-differentiable at some points (due to the max), we can approximate the gradient using finite differences. For each step, compute the gradient of the maximum integral with respect to h, then adjust h in the direction of steepest descent.

But this is quite complex. Alternatively, using a numerical optimization library with constraint handling, such as SLSQP in scipy.optimize.

However, the existing code uses scipy and numpy, so perhaps integrating with scipy.optimize's minimize function with constraints.

Let me outline the steps for such an approach:

1. Define the objective function. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap integral over k. Since this is a max function, it's a bit tricky. However, for optimization purposes, we can approximate it by evaluating the overlap for several k values and taking the maximum.

2. For the given h, compute the overlap integral for several k values (say, k in a range around zero), take the maximum, and use that as the objective function.

3. Use scipy.optimize.minimize with constraints to find the h that minimizes this objective.

4. Since the problem is constrained (sum h_i = n_points / 4, and 0 <= h_i <= 1), set up these constraints.

But how to handle the max operation in the objective? The maximum can be considered as a single value, but the optimization needs to minimize it. So, for each h, evaluate the integral for different k values and take the maximum. Then, the optimization problem is to minimize this maximum.

This is a valid approach, but the number of k values to check could be large. However, since the integral is computed using convolution, maybe only a few k values are critical. For example, the maximum might occur at certain specific shifts, such as those corresponding to the peaks of the h function.

Alternatively, since the convolution is evaluated over all k, but in practice, the maximum might occur for shifts that are small relative to the domain of h. However, without knowing the optimal h, it's hard to say.

Given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to proceed with the existing simulated annealing approach but with some modifications. For example, using a different initial guess, varying the number of iterations, and using more effective perturbations.

Another idea: instead of just perturbing the current solution, generate several different starting points from the initial h. For instance, applying different basis transformations to create varied starting solutions, then run simulated annealing on each. The best result from these is taken as the final solution.

But how to generate these basis transformations? For example, create a new h by shifting parts of the initial h, or by mirroring, or by applying sinusoidal variations.

Alternatively, generate multiple random starting points that maintain the sum constraint. For each, run a local search and keep the best.

But even this may be computationally intensive. However, since the user allows for a time budget of 100 seconds, and the previous code had a budget of 5000 iterations, maybe increasing the number of restarts and optimizing each with more steps would help.

Wait, the previous code had a cooling schedule, and a fixed number of iterations. Perhaps adjusting the cooling rate or the number of iterations could lead to better results.

Another approach is to use a more effective perturbation method. Instead of adding Gaussian noise, use more structured changes that preserve the sum constraint. For example, swapping values between different positions or making small adjustments that ensure the sum remains the same.

Additionally, the repair function in the existing code scales the values, which might be introducing artifacts. Perhaps using a more sophisticated repair mechanism, like projecting onto the feasible set using Lagrange multipliers, could help maintain better solutions.

Considering all of this, I think the best approach is to tweak the existing simulated annealing algorithm. The main changes could be:

1. Using a different initial guess (maybe from the initial_h_values, but also generating other variations).
2. Modifying the perturbation step to be more effective.
3. Adjusting the cooling schedule to allow more exploration early on.
4. Using a more efficient evaluation method for the overlap integral.

Also, the number of samples n_points. The previous code used 280. Perhaps reducing it to a smaller number, like 160 or 200, could allow for more iterations and thus better exploration within the budget.

Another consideration is precomputing the overlaps for certain k values to speed up the evaluation. However, the current code already uses numpy's correlate function, which is efficient.

Another thing to note is that in the existing code, the h is extended symmetrically for the convolution. This might be important, but I need to ensure that the convolution is correctly computed.

Putting this all together, here's a plan for the new code:

- Use the initial_h_values if available, or create a new starting solution.
- Generate a few different initial perturbations based on the initial solution.
- Run simulated annealing on each perturbation, keeping track of the best solution.
- Use a more efficient cooling schedule and perturbation method.
- Possibly reduce the number of points if that allows more iterations.
- Ensure that the repair function properly maintains the sum constraint.

In the existing code, the cooling rate is 0.995, which is quite slow. Perhaps adjusting the cooling rate to a faster decay might allow more exploration in the early stages, leading to better solutions.

Also, the perturbation step adds Gaussian noise. Maybe using a different distribution or a more structured perturbation, like flipping values or swapping them, could be more effective.

Another idea: during the perturbation, instead of changing each h_i with a random noise, perform a block-wise swap or a more targeted change that maintains the sum constraint.

But without more specific information, it's hard to know. The existing code seems to be a good starting point, and the user wants a different approach. So, perhaps switching from simulated annealing to a gradient-based method with constraints.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with a population of solutions, each evolved through mutation and crossover, with a fitness function based on the overlap integral.

However, considering the time budget and the need for a concise code, implementing a genetic algorithm might be more complex. So perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing simulated annealing approach with some modifications.

One key modification is to use a different initial guess. The existing code uses a symmetric initial h, but if we can find a better initial guess, that might help. For example, using the initial_h_values directly, but also adding variations.

Another thing is the evaluation of the overlap. The current code uses the full convolution, which may include many k values. Perhaps focusing on fewer k values could speed up the evaluation and potentially lead to better optimization, as we can target the worst-case k.

But how to choose which k's to focus on? Maybe the worst k is around the shifts that correspond to the peaks of the h function. For example, if the initial h is a peak around x=1, then the worst k may be around 0.5 or something similar.

In any case, here's how I can proceed:

- Start with the initial_h_values, or a new starting solution.
- Perform a local search (simulated annealing) with more iterations, possibly with different perturbation methods.
- Use a more aggressive cooling schedule early on.
- Ensure that the repair function is effective.
- Possibly reduce n_points to allow more iterations within the time budget.

Therefore, the plan for the new code is to implement a modified version of the existing simulated annealing approach with these adjustments.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import time
from scipy.optimize import minimize

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    start_time = time.time()
    n_points = 160
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    integral_target = n_points / 4

    if 'initial_h_values' in globals():
        initial_h = np.array(initial_h_values)
        h_opt = initial_h[:n_points]
    else:
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        h = np.clip(1 - np.abs(x - 1), 0, 1)
        h_opt = h

    def compute_overlap(h):
        h_full = np.concatenate([h, h[::-1]])
        corr = np.correlate(h_full, 1 - h_full, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def repair_h(h, target):
        current_sum = np.sum(h)
        if current_sum == 0:
            return np.zeros_like(h)
        scaling = target / current_sum
        return np.clip(h * scaling, 0, 1)

    best_h = h_opt.copy()
    best_c5 = compute_overlap(best_h)

    def objective(h_vec):
        h = h_vec.copy()
        h = repair_h(h, integral_target)
        return compute_overlap(h)

    def constraint(h_vec):
        return np.sum(h_vec) - integral_target

    cons = [{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint}]
    bounds = [(0, 1) for _ in range(n_points)]

    for _ in range(5):
        x0 = repair_h(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points), integral_target)
        result = minimize(objective, x0, bounds=bounds, constraints=cons, method='SLSQP', tol=1e-6)
        if result.success:
            candidate = result.x
            c5 = compute_overlap(candidate)
            if c5 < best_c5:
                best_h = candidate
                best_c5 = c5

    elapsed = time.time() - start_time
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```