<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the goal is to get lower than that, like 0.380876. The previous code used a simulated annealing approach with some repair mechanisms, but maybe there's a better way.

First, let me understand the problem again. We need to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral C5 is minimized. The overlap integral is the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since the function is defined on [0,2], k can be such that x + k stays within [0,2], but the problem says to compute the max over k, which probably includes all possible shifts.

The previous approach used a combination of Simulated Annealing and some repair steps. The current code starts with an initial configuration and then perturbs it, applies repair, and tries to minimize C5. However, maybe that approach isn't efficient enough or gets stuck in local optima.

The strategy mentioned using progressive structure learning, multi-resolution patching, and time-delay embeddings. But maybe I can think of alternative optimization methods. Perhaps using a genetic algorithm or a more sophisticated local search with better heuristics?

Alternatively, maybe there's a way to structure the function h to have periodicity or some symmetry that reduces overlaps. For example, if h is symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], that might help balance the overlaps.

Another thought: since the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, the average value is 0.5. The function h could be designed to have regions of high value and low value arranged in such a way that when shifted, the overlap with the complementary regions is minimized.

The previous code uses a repair function that sorts the values based on distance from the center and scales them. Maybe there's a better repair strategy? Or perhaps integrating more constraints during the optimization process.

Let me think about the evaluation. The C5 is calculated using the correlation between h and 1 - h. So, if the function h is designed to have minimal correlation with its shifted versions, that would be good. This seems similar to designing a function with minimal autocorrelation, which is related to the concept of a Barker code, but in a continuous setting.

But how to model that? Maybe using a combination of multiple intervals where h is 0 or 1, arranged in a way that their overlaps when shifted are minimized. However, since the function is piecewise constant (step function), perhaps using a pattern that repeats or alternates to minimize overlaps.

Wait, the previous code's initial_h_values was a tile of [1,1,0,0], which is 2 ones followed by 2 zeros. That creates a periodic pattern. Maybe extending this idea with more complex patterns?

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, arranged to minimize overlap when shifted. For example, if h has a structure where each segment is followed by a segment of the opposite value, but arranged such that overlapping with shifted versions is minimized.

Another idea: since the integral is fixed, the problem is about distributing the '1's and '0's such that their shifted versions have minimal overlap. So maybe making the function h have a structure where the 1s are placed in regions that are spaced apart from each other. However, since the interval is [0,2], the spacing would need to be optimized.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem? Maybe using a genetic algorithm where the chromosome is the sequence of h values, with genetic operators that mutate and crossover to generate new configurations, and a fitness function that evaluates the C5. However, genetic algorithms can be slow, especially with a time budget of 100 seconds.

Alternatively, maybe using a more targeted optimization. For example, using a gradient-based method with constraints. But since the function is piecewise constant, the derivative might be challenging. However, using a continuous relaxation approach and then quantizing the solution might be possible.

Another approach is to use the fact that the maximum overlap is the maximum over all lags. So, for each lag k, the integral is the overlap between h and 1 - h shifted by k. To minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can design h to have minimal correlation with shifts of itself. This is similar to designing a function with minimal cross-correlation with itself, which in signal processing is related to the concept of a "matched filter" or "cross-correlation minimization".

But how to model this as an optimization problem. The problem is to minimize the maximum value of the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h shifted by k. Since h is piecewise constant, maybe we can model this as an optimization over the positions and widths of the intervals where h is 1 or 0.

But this seems complex. Perhaps an alternative is to use an optimization method that minimizes the worst-case overlap over all possible k. Since the overlap integral depends on the overlap between h and 1 - h shifted by k, which is equivalent to the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)), which is equal to the integral over x of h(x) minus the integral over x of h(x) h(x + k). Therefore, the problem becomes minimizing the maximum over k of (integral h(x) - integral h(x)h(x +k)) = 1 - integral h(x)h(x +k). Therefore, minimizing the maximum of 1 - integral h(x)h(x +k) is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of integral h(x)h(x +k) over k. Wait, but the goal is to minimize the maximum of the overlap integral, which is 1 - integral h(x)h(x +k) dx, so to minimize that, we need to maximize integral h(x)h(x +k) dx for all k. Therefore, the problem is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the overlapping integral between h and itself shifted by k. 

Hmm, this seems like a convex optimization problem, but with the max over k. But maybe we can approximate this by considering only a finite number of k's that are most critical. However, the exact problem requires considering all k, which is infinite. But in practice, since h is a step function with finite samples, maybe we can check the lags corresponding to the sample points.

Alternatively, considering that for the discretized problem, the maximum overlap is determined by the maximum correlation between h and its shifted versions. So, the problem reduces to designing h to have low cross-correlation with its shifts.

This seems similar to the concept of a low autocorrelation binary sequence, but extended to real numbers and continuous shifts. The previous approach using simulated annealing might be a way to approach this, but perhaps with better heuristics.

In the previous code, the initial configuration was a repeating pattern of [1,1,0,0], which when doubled (to make the full sequence symmetric) might create a pattern that when shifted, overlaps with itself in a controlled way. However, maybe a more optimal pattern can be found by introducing more complex structures.

Let me think about the repair function. The current repair function sorts the values based on their distance from the center, then scales them to meet the integral constraint. However, this might not be optimal. For example, if the optimal h has a certain symmetry, maybe the repair function should enforce that symmetry. Alternatively, using a different repair method that maintains certain properties, like symmetry or other structural constraints.

Also, the previous code uses a Simulated Annealing approach with a cooling schedule. But maybe a more efficient local search method, such as gradient descent with constraints, could be used. However, since the function is piecewise constant and the problem is non-convex, gradient-based methods might struggle.

Another idea: use a more sophisticated optimization algorithm. For instance, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach where particles are the h functions, and they move in the search space to minimize C5. But implementing PSO might be complex, especially within the time constraints.

Alternatively, could we use a random search with a good initial guess, but with more intelligent perturbations? For example, instead of adding random noise, perhaps consider swapping or moving segments of the h function.

Wait, the problem mentions that using a starting point of initial_h_values is preferred. So maybe starting from the parent's initial_h_values and then improving it.

Let me consider the previous code's structure. It starts with an initial configuration, then perturbs it, repairs it, and evolves. But maybe the repair step is not optimal, leading to subpar results.

Another possible improvement is to use a different repair strategy. For example, instead of sorting by distance from center, perhaps use a different order that prioritizes regions where the current h values are causing high overlaps.

Alternatively, perhaps applying a more aggressive repair that enforces certain constraints, such as ensuring that h is symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], which might help balance the overlaps.

Also, the number of sample points (n_points) is 280. Maybe using a smaller number of points can lead to faster computations and allow for more iterations. However, the problem suggests that smaller sequences are preferred, so perhaps using a smaller n_points could be better.

But the current code uses n_points=280, which is 280 samples. The initial approach had that, and the user's previous code achieved a C5 of 0.381277. The target is to get it lower than 0.380876.

So, to improve, perhaps focusing on the repair function. If the repair is not effective, the optimization might not find better solutions.

In the previous code, the repair function sorts the values based on their distance from the center and assigns them in descending order. This ensures that the highest values are placed in the center, which could be a way to balance the integral. However, this might lead to an h function that is too symmetric, potentially not optimal.

Perhaps instead of sorting by distance, we can use a different approach. For example, in the optimal solution, the regions where h is 1 and 0 should be arranged to prevent overlaps when shifted. So, the repair function should enforce that the peaks of h are spaced apart.

Alternatively, maybe using a method that keeps track of the current C5 value and adjusts the h function accordingly. For example, when a perturbation increases C5, it should be rejected, but the repair steps could adjust the function to reduce C5.

Another thought: the current code uses a cooling schedule that reduces the temperature over time, allowing the algorithm to converge. However, the initial temperature might be too high or too low. Maybe adjusting the cooling rate or initial temperature could lead to better results.

But how to determine those parameters without knowing the optimal configuration? Maybe trying different cooling schedules or adaptive cooling.

Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm, such as a genetic algorithm with tournament selection, where each generation is evolved based on the C5 values.

However, given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code's approach, focusing on improving the repair function and the perturbation method.

Wait, the repair function in the previous code uses a mode that sorts the values by distance from the center, assigns them in descending order, and scales them. This might not be the optimal way to distribute the values. Maybe using a different repair method that considers the current C5.

Alternatively, since the C5 is evaluated as the maximum correlation between h and 1 - h, maybe the repair function should aim to minimize that maximum. However, how to incorporate that into the repair step?

Another possible improvement: instead of using a uniform perturbation with random noise, use a more targeted perturbation that focuses on areas where the overlap is high. For example, if the current h function has a high overlap for certain lags, the perturbation should focus on those regions to reduce that overlap.

However, implementing this would require evaluating the overlap for each possible lag and determining which regions to adjust, which could be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, during the repair step, after perturbing the h function, we could check the overlap for the most critical lags and make adjustments to those areas.

But integrating this into the code would require additional computation steps.

Another idea: perhaps the optimal h function has a structure where it is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, such that when shifted, these intervals don't overlap too much. For example, if the intervals are spaced out in a periodic way, like a square wave but with adjusted widths.

For example, if h is 1 on [0, a), [b, c), [d, e), etc., such that the shifted versions of these intervals don't overlap much. The challenge is to choose a, b, c, d, e to minimize the maximum overlap.

But how to translate this into code? It's a discrete problem, so maybe using a greedy algorithm to select intervals.

Alternatively, since the function is piecewise constant, perhaps using a method that approximates the optimal function by testing different structures.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the previous approach can be modified with better repair strategies and perturbation methods.

Another thought: the current code uses a Simulated Annealing approach with a fixed number of steps. Maybe increasing the number of steps (i.e., allowing more iterations) could lead to better results, but that would take more time. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so if the previous code was running within that time, perhaps increasing the iteration count is possible.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization algorithm, like a stochastic gradient descent with adaptive steps, but again, the problem is non-convex and the function is discrete.

In summary, the previous code's approach may have potential improvements in:

1. Repair function: Maybe a more effective way to redistribute values while maintaining the integral constraint.
2. Perturbation method: Instead of adding random noise, maybe use more targeted changes that could reduce overlap.
3. Cooling schedule: Adjusting the temperature parameters to allow better exploration.
4. Using a different optimization algorithm, like genetic algorithms or particle swarm optimization, if feasible within the time budget.

However, given the need to fit within 100 seconds and the complexity of implementing new algorithms, perhaps focusing on refining the existing approach is better.

Looking back at the initial code, the repair function sorts the indices by their distance from the center, assigns descending values, and scales. This creates a function that is peaked at the center. But maybe a different ordering, such as based on the current overlap values, could lead to better results.

Alternatively, perhaps the repair function should ensure that the function is symmetric, as symmetry might help in balancing overlaps.

So, modifying the repair function to enforce symmetry. For example, if the function h is symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], then when shifted, the overlapping may be minimized due to the symmetry.

Implementing this, the repair function could mirror the values around the center. However, this would require adjusting the repair step to maintain symmetry.

Alternatively, during the repair, ensure that the values are symmetric. For instance, for each i in the first half, set h[i] and h[n_points - i - 1] to the same value. This way, the function is symmetric, which could help in reducing overlaps.

If the initial_h_values is already symmetric, then this would maintain that symmetry. Otherwise, the repair function would need to restore it.

But how to implement this? Let's think: when repairing, after sorting and scaling, we would mirror the values around the center. For example, after assigning the sorted values, we would mirror them to create a symmetric function.

Let me think of an example. Suppose the function has n_points samples. The symmetric version would have h[0] = h[n_points-1], h[1] = h[n_points-2], etc. So, for the first half of the samples, we can mirror the second half. However, the current repair function is applied to the first half (n_half) since the full h_double is the concatenation of the first half and its reverse.

Wait, in the previous code, the function is first constructed as h_opt (n_half samples), then h_full is the concatenation of h_opt and reversed h_opt. This ensures symmetry. So during the repair, we need to ensure that the first half is repaired such that when mirrored, the integral constraint is met.

If the repair function creates a symmetric function, that could be beneficial. So during the repair step, after sorting and scaling, we could mirror the values to maintain symmetry.

Let me try modifying the repair function to enforce symmetry. Here's how:

When repairing, after generating the new_h for the first half (n_half), we mirror it to create a full symmetric h. Then, we check the sum of this symmetric h and scale it to meet the integral constraint. This way, the repair ensures that the function is symmetric.

But this approach would restrict the h function to symmetric configurations, which may not be optimal, but it could help in avoiding some local optima. However, the problem is that the optimal solution might not be symmetric, so this could be a trade-off.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal solution is symmetric, and thus enforcing symmetry could lead to better results.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values is a repeating pattern of [1,1,0,0], which is symmetric. So if the repair function enforces symmetry, it could maintain that pattern and improve upon it.

Therefore, modifying the repair function to create a symmetric function.

Let me outline the steps:

1. Generate the first half of the h_opt (n_half samples).
2. Sort the values and assign them in a way that ensures symmetry.
3. Mirror them to create the full symmetric h.
4. Scale the symmetric h to meet the integral constraint.

This would require changing the repair function to enforce symmetry. For example, instead of sorting based on distance from center, sort based on some other criteria, but then mirror the values.

But how to sort them while ensuring symmetry? Well, the symmetric h function requires that the first half determines the entire function. So the repair of the first half should be done in a way that when mirrored, the integral is correct.

So during the repair step, after sorting the values of the first half based on distance from center, or some other criteria, the mirrored values would form the full symmetric function.

But how to handle the integral? Let me think. The integral of the symmetric function is twice the integral of the first half. So when repairing the first half, we need to ensure that its integral multiplied by 2 equals the target integral (which is 0.5, since the total integral of h_double is 1).

Wait, the integral target for the full h_double is 1.0, since the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1.0. But the h_double is the concatenation of h_opt and its reverse. Therefore, the integral of h_double is 2 * integral of h_opt. So the integral of h_opt must be 0.5 (since 2 * 0.5 = 1.0).

Thus, the repair function needs to ensure that the integral of the first half is 0.5 * dx. So in the current code, the integral_target for the first half is n_points / 4, because dx = 2.0 / n_points, so sum(h_opt) * dx = 1.0 / 2. So sum(h_opt) = n_points / 4.

So the repair function for the first half must ensure that the sum of the first half is n_points / 4. But in the current repair function, the first half is repaired to have sum equal to that value.

So if the repair function is modified to create a symmetric function, it should still follow the same integral constraint. Therefore, the repair steps can remain the same, except that after assigning the values to the first half, the full h is the symmetric one.

But in the current code, the full h_double is constructed by concatenating h_opt and the reversed h_opt. So during the repair, the first half is repaired, and the symmetric second half is just a mirror of the first half.

Therefore, the previous code already enforces symmetry. So perhaps the initial repair function is already symmetric.

Wait, in the previous code, the initial_h_values is used. But the initial_h_values is a tile of [1,1,0,0], which is symmetric. However, when perturbations are applied, the symmetry may be broken. So during the repair step, the function is repaired and then reverses to form the symmetric h_double.

Ah, in the previous code, the repair is applied to the first half, and then the full h_double is just the first half concatenated with its reverse. So the full function is symmetric.

Therefore, any perturbation that breaks the symmetry would be repaired by creating a symmetric function again. Wait, no. The repair step is applied to the first half, then the full h is constructed by concatenating the first half and its reverse. So the full function is always symmetric, regardless of the perturbation. So during the repair, even if we perturb the first half, the full function is symmetric.

Therefore, the current code's repair function already ensures that the full function is symmetric. So the repair function's sorting by distance from center may not be optimal, but it's part of the current approach.

So, to improve this, perhaps modifying the repair function to use a different sorting criteria that better minimizes the overlap.

Another thought: during the repair step, instead of sorting by distance from center, we can consider the current C5 value and adjust the values to reduce the overlap. However, this would require knowing which regions contribute the most to the overlap, which is computationally expensive.

Alternatively, during the repair, after perturbing the first half, we can evaluate the C5 and adjust the values to minimize it. However, this is not feasible during the repair step, as it would require additional computation.

So, given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the repair function and the perturbation steps.

Another idea: instead of using a uniform random noise perturbation, use a more targeted perturbation that affects the regions where the overlap is highest. For example, if the current C5 is determined by a particular lag, then perturb the h function in the regions that contribute most to that lag.

But how to implement this without knowing the specific lags? Maybe during each iteration, we can evaluate the C5 and then identify the regions that contribute the most to the maximum overlap, then apply a perturbation to those regions.

However, this would increase the computational cost, as evaluating the C5 for each candidate and analyzing the overlaps would take time. But given the budget, perhaps it's feasible.

Alternatively, during the perturbation step, we can apply different mutations based on the current C5. For example, if the current C5 is high, we can apply more significant changes to the h function that are likely to reduce the maximum overlap.

But this is getting a bit complex. Given the time constraints and the need to fit within the code, maybe the best approach is to improve the repair function and adjust the optimization parameters.

Another possibility: the previous code used a fixed number of iterations (20,000), but with a cooling schedule. However, if the cooling schedule is too aggressive, it might not explore the solution space thoroughly. Perhaps adjusting the cooling rate or the initial temperature.

For example, starting with a higher initial temperature could allow more exploration in the beginning, while decreasing it more gradually. Or using a dynamic cooling schedule based on the progress of the algorithm.

Another idea: instead of a fixed number of iterations, allow the algorithm to run until the time budget is exhausted, and check for progress. If no improvement is made for a certain number of iterations, reduce the temperature more. But again, this would require more complex code.

Given that the previous code has a time limit of 100 seconds, perhaps the number of iterations is sufficient, but the parameters might need tuning.

In conclusion, to improve the previous approach, I can:

1. Modify the repair function to use a different sorting criterion that better minimizes the overlap.
2. Adjust the perturbation method to focus on regions that contribute to the maximum overlap.
3. Tune the cooling schedule and other parameters to allow better exploration.

But given the complexity, perhaps focusing on the repair function and perturbation steps is more feasible.

Let's try to modify the repair function. Instead of sorting based on distance from the center, perhaps we can use a more strategic approach. For instance, in the current code, the repair function sorts the indices based on their distance from the center, which creates a peak in the center. However, maybe distributing the values more evenly could help in reducing overlaps.

Alternatively, using a different sorting order that complements the current overlap. For example, if the overlap is high for certain regions, the repair function could prioritize adjusting those regions.

But without knowing the overlap values during the repair stage, this is difficult. However, during the repair step, perhaps we can use a heuristic to prioritize areas that, when modified, could reduce overlaps.

For instance, if the repair function sorts the indices based on the current C5 for different lags, but this is not feasible during the repair.

Alternative plan: During the repair step, instead of sorting by distance from the center, sort the indices based on some measure of potential impact on the C5. However, without knowing the overlap values during repair, this is not directly possible.

Therefore, perhaps the current repair function is the best that can be done during the repair step.

Another idea: during the repair, after scaling, the function is clipped to 0-1. Maybe the clipping could be adjusted to be more aggressive or less aggressive, depending on the situation. For example, if the repair leads to values outside [0,1], perhaps adjusting the scaling factor to prevent that.

But the current repair function already includes clipping.

Alternative approach: Instead of using a Simulated Annealing approach, perhaps using a genetic algorithm. Each chromosome is a sample of h, and the fitness function is the C5 value. However, implementing a genetic algorithm with a time budget of 100 seconds could be feasible, but I'm not sure.

In the previous code, the repair function is critical. Let me think about what the current repair function does. It sorts the indices by distance from the center (highest values near the center), assigns descending sorted values, and scales to meet the integral. This creates a function that is peaked at the center and has lower values towards the edges. However, this might not be optimal. Maybe distributing the values more evenly could help.

So, for example, instead of sorting by distance, we can sort the indices in a way that spreads the values out. For instance, pick indices in a way that creates a stepped function with alternating high and low regions, minimizing overlaps when shifted.

But how to do that algorithmically?

Maybe using a different order, such as alternating between high and low values. However, without knowing the overlap, this is speculative.

Another idea: during the repair, after sorting the values, maybe using a different order to distribute the values more evenly across the interval, rather than concentrating them in the center.

For example, instead of sorting by |i - center|, sort by i in a way that spreads the values out. For instance, using a circular shift or some other method.

But without knowing the impact on the C5, this is a shot in the dark.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial repair function is already good, and the main issue is the perturbation and the optimization process.

In the previous code, the perturbation adds random noise with a standard deviation of 0.01. Maybe adjusting the magnitude of the noise could help. For example, using a larger noise for initial iterations to explore the space more, and smaller noise as it converges.

Alternatively, using adaptive perturbation, where the noise magnitude is adjusted based on the current C5 value. However, implementing this would require more complex code.

Given the time constraints, perhaps modifying the perturbation step to use a different noise distribution, such as a Cauchy distribution with a certain scale, which can create more significant changes to the function.

Alternatively, instead of random noise, using a more targeted perturbation that swaps certain values in the h_opt.

But without knowing which values to swap, this is challenging.

Another thought: the previous code's repair step might not be effective enough. Instead of sorting by distance from center, maybe use a more strategic ordering. For example, in the repair step, the values are assigned to the first half to minimize the maximum overlap for certain lags. However, how to incorporate this into the repair function.

Alternatively, after perturbing the h_opt, we could evaluate the C5 and then adjust the values in the regions contributing to the maximum overlap. But this would require identifying the regions contributing to the maximum overlap, which is not trivial.

In the case of the previous code, the C5 is computed as the maximum over all shifts. However, during the repair, we don't have access to this information, so it's hard to target.

In conclusion, given the time and complexity, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code's repair function to use a different sorting order, such as distributing the values more evenly, and adjust the perturbation parameters.

For instance, instead of sorting by distance from center, sort the indices based on a different criteria. For example, random order, which could distribute the values more evenly. Or sort by some other metric.

Wait, let's think: in the current code, the repair function assigns higher values to the indices closer to the center, which creates a peak at the center. This might lead to higher overlap for certain shifts. Maybe distributing the values more evenly could reduce the maximum overlap.

So, changing the repair function to sort indices in a way that leads to a flat distribution of values. For example, sorting the indices in a random order, or sorted by their index in ascending order.

But how to implement this. In the repair function, instead of sorting the indices by |i - center|, we can sort them in another way. For example, uniformly distribute the sorted values across the interval.

Alternatively, using a different weighting. For example, assigning higher weights to indices that are more likely to contribute to the overlap. But without knowing which indices those are, it's challenging.

Another idea: use the current C5 to guide the repair function. For example, during the repair, evaluate the C5 for the current perturbed h_opt, and then adjust the values to minimize it. However, evaluating the C5 for each repair is expensive and might not fit within the time budget.

Given the constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the repair function to use a different sorting order. For example, instead of sorting by distance from the center, assign values in a way that creates a more uniform distribution.

Let me try modifying the repair function to sort the indices in a way that spreads out the values. For example, using a Möbius function or some other distribution.

But for a simple implementation, perhaps sorting the indices in a way that creates a flat distribution. For instance, when using the repair function, after sorting the values, assign them in sorted order to the indices sorted by their index, rather than their distance from the center.

So, changing the repair function to sort the indices by their position (i.e., ascending order), and then assign the sorted values in descending order.

This would create a function where the first half of the samples have higher values, then gradually decrease. This could lead to a different configuration that might reduce the maximum overlap.

Let me try changing that in the code.

Another possibility: using the indices sorted in a way that alternates between high and low values. For example, using a different order for the indices to create a more spread-out pattern.

But again, without knowing the impact, it's hard to tell.

In summary, the plan is to:

1. Modify the repair function to use a different sorting criteria, such as sorting indices by their position rather than distance from the center.
2. Adjust the perturbation parameters, such as the noise magnitude or distribution.
3. Tune the cooling schedule to allow better exploration.

With these changes, the code may find a better C5 value.

Now, translating this into code.

In the current repair function, the indices are sorted by |i - center|. Changing that to sorting by i (ascending order) would distribute the values from left to right.

So, in the repair function:

sorted_indices = np.argsort(np.arange(n))  # instead of using distance from center.

Then, assign the sorted_vals (which are in descending order) to these indices.

This would create a function where the first half of the indices have the highest values, then they decrease.

This could create a different pattern compared to the previous one.

Let me implement this change in the repair function.

Another idea: instead of sorting by distance, sort by the current values of the perturbed h_opt, to prioritize adjusting the most impactful regions. But again, this requires knowing the impact, which is not possible during the repair.

Thus, modifying the repair function's sorting order to create a more uniform distribution of values.

Now, putting this into the code.

Moreover, perhaps the initial_h_values can be used as a starting point, and then the code evolves it.

Let me also consider adjusting the number of samples. The previous code uses 280 samples. Using fewer samples might allow for faster computation and more iterations. For example, using 200 samples instead of 280. This can reduce the computation time per evaluation, allowing for more iterations within the budget.

But the user's previous code used 280, so it might be better to stick with that to maintain consistency.

Another possible optimization is to use a more efficient method for evaluating the C5. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the full correlation. However, for the half-length samples, maybe there's a way to optimize this.

But I'll focus on modifying the repair function and perturbation steps.

So, in the code, the repair function is:

def repair(h, integral_target):
    n = len(h)
    center = n // 2
    weights = 1.0 / (np.abs(np.arange(n) - center) + 1e-6)
    sorted_indices = np.argsort(-weights)
    sorted_vals = np.sort(h)[::-1]
    new_h = np.zeros_like(h)
    new_h[sorted_indices] = sorted_vals
    current_sum = np.sum(new_h)
    if current_sum == 0:
        return np.zeros_like(h)
    scaling_factor = integral_target / current_sum
    new_h *= scaling_factor
    return np.clip(new_h, 0, 1)

Changing the weights part to use different sorting.

If I change the weights to be 1.0 / (np.arange(n) + 1), or another function, it could lead to different sorting.

Alternatively, to sort by index, using np.argsort(np.arange(n)), which would sort indices in ascending order.

Changing the weights line to:

weights = np.arange(n)  # or any other criteria.

But for example, to sort indices based on their position, change the sorted_indices to be sorted by i in ascending order.

So:

sorted_indices = np.argsort(np.arange(n))  # ascending order

This would sort indices from 0 to n-1.

But then, sorted_vals are the sorted descending values, so the highest values are assigned to the indices in ascending order, leading to increasing values from left to right.

This could create a function that increases from left to right, which might have a different overlap behavior.

This is a potential change to the repair function.

Let me code this change and see.

In the previous code, the repair function uses np.argsort(-weights), where weights are based on distance from center. Changing that to np.argsort(np.arange(n)) would sort indices in ascending order. Then, assign the sorted_vals in descending order to those indices. This would result in the highest values being assigned to the first indices (leftmost), decreasing towards the right.

This could create a function that's higher on the left, which might have a different overlap profile.

Another idea: perhaps using a more complex weight function that considers the current values. For example, using the current h values themselves as weights. However, this would complicate the repair function.

But for simplicity, changing the weights to a linear function or other.

Another thing: in the previous code, the repair function is applied to the first half of the samples. Then, the full function is constructed by mirroring. So the repair function's sorting order directly affects the first half, which in turn affects the full symmetric function.

Thus, changing the sorting order can lead to different configurations.

So, modifying the repair function's sorting order to something else, such as ascending indices, could help.

Thus, implementing this change in the code.

Another thought: the perturbation step adds random normal noise with standard deviation 0.01. Maybe adjusting this to a larger value initially, then decreasing, to explore more in the beginning.

For example, starting with a larger noise and decreasing it as temperature decreases. But this would require modifying the perturbation step.

In the previous code, the noise is added to the current_h_opt with a fixed standard deviation. Maybe changing the noise magnitude based on the temperature.

However, without knowing the optimal parameters, this is speculative.

In summary, the changes I plan to make are:

1. Modify the repair function to sort indices based on ascending order rather than distance from center.
2. Experiment with different perturbation parameters.
3. Tune the cooling schedule.

Now, implementing these changes in the code.

Another idea: instead of using a uniform noise perturbation, use a more targeted perturbation that swaps values in the first half, leading to more diverse configurations.

However, this would require more complex code.

Given the time, I'll proceed with the first change: modifying the repair function's sorting.

So, the new repair function would look like:

def repair(h, integral_target):
    n = len(h)
    weights = np.arange(n)  # change this to sort by index
    sorted_indices = np.argsort(weights)  # sorted indices in ascending order
    sorted_vals = np.sort(h)[::-1]
    new_h = np.zeros_like(h)
    new_h[sorted_indices] = sorted_vals
    current_sum = np.sum(new_h)
    if current_sum == 0:
        return np.zeros_like(h)
    scaling_factor = integral_target / current_sum
    new_h *= scaling_factor
    return np.clip(new_h, 0, 1)

This would assign the highest values to the first indices, leading to an increasing trend from left to right. This could have a different impact on the C5.

Now, this is a significant change that may lead to a better C5 value.

Another possible change: instead of using np.arange(n) as weights, use another pattern. For example, using a cosine function or a sine function to weight the indices. However, without knowing the optimal pattern, this is complex.

In the interest of time, I'll proceed with the first change.

Another thing to consider is the initial_h_values. If the initial_h_values is symmetric, starting with that might be better. The previous code uses it directly if available.

Now, implementing these changes in the code.

Additionally, adjusting the perturbation noise. For example, using a larger standard deviation initially, then reducing it as the temperature decreases.

In the previous code, the noise is fixed at 0.01. Maybe changing it to a larger value, like 0.05, and decreasing it as temperature decreases.

But without knowing the optimal parameters, this is guesswork.

In code, changing the noise to be a function of the temperature. For example, noise_std = 0.01 * (T / 0.1), where T is the current temperature. This would allow larger perturbations at higher temperatures and smaller perturbations as it cools.

This could help in exploring the solution space more effectively.

Alternatively, using a fixed noise but increasing the number of iterations.

Given the time constraints, I'll proceed with modifying the repair function and the perturbation noise.

Putting it all together, the final code would include:

- Repair function sorting indices by ascending order.
- Adjusting the noise in the perturbation step to use a larger initial value.

Now, I'll write the code with these changes.

Another thing: the previous code uses a cooling rate of 0.995. Perhaps using a faster cooling rate, like 0.99 or even 0.998, could lead to faster convergence. However, this may depend on the optimization landscape.

But for now, I'll proceed with the code changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    import numpy as np
    import time
    
    n_points = 280
    n_half = n_points // 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    integral_target = n_points / 4
    
    # Use initial_h_values if available
    if 'initial_h_values' in globals():
        h_initial = np.array(initial_h_values)
        h_opt = h_initial[:n_half]
    else:
        h_opt = np.tile([1,1,0,0], n_points // 4)[:n_half]
    
    def repair(h, integral_target):
        n = len(h)
        weights = np.arange(n)
        sorted_indices = np.argsort(weights)
        sorted_vals = np.sort(h)[::-1]
        new_h = np.zeros_like(h)
        new_h[sorted_indices] = sorted_vals
        current_sum = np.sum(new_h)
        if current_sum == 0:
            return np.zeros_like(h)
        scaling_factor = integral_target / current_sum
        new_h *= scaling_factor
        return np.clip(new_h, 0, 1)
    
    def compute_overlap(h_opt):
        h_full = np.concatenate([h_opt, h_opt[::-1]])
        corr = np.correlate(h_full, 1 - h_full, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    start_time = time.time()
    T = 0.1
    cooling_rate = 0.995
    current_h_opt = h_opt.copy()
    best_h_opt = current_h_opt.copy()
    best_c5 = compute_overlap(current_h_opt)
    
    # Adjusted perturbation parameters
    for _ in range(20000):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 1:
            break
        # Adjust noise magnitude based on temperature
        noise_std = 0.01 * (T / 0.1)
        noise = np.random.normal(0, noise_std, n_half)
        perturbed = current_h_opt + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        repaired = repair(perturbed, integral_target)
        candidate_c5 = compute_overlap(repaired)
        # Basic acceptance criteria with temperature
        if candidate_c5 < best_c5 or np.random.rand() < np.exp((candidate_c5 - best_c5) / T):
            current_h_opt = repaired
            if candidate_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = candidate_c5
                best_h_opt = current_h_opt.copy()
        T *= cooling_rate
    
    elapsed = time.time() - start_time
    if elapsed > budget_s:
        return np.concatenate([best_h_opt, best_h_opt[::-1]]), best_c5, n_points
    
    return np.concatenate([best_h_opt, best_h_opt[::-1]]), best_c5, n_points
```