<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a simulated annealing approach with some repair mechanisms. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is even lower. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h takes values between 0 and 1. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum, over all lags k, of the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. 

The previous approach used a 280-point discretization, symmetric around the center, and a simulated annealing method with a repair function. The repair function tried to maintain the integral constraint by sorting the values and scaling them, possibly with some clipping.

To improve this, maybe I can think of different optimization techniques. The original code used a local search with simulated annealing, which can get stuck in local minima. Perhaps using a more global search strategy, like genetic algorithms or a different kind of optimization, could help. But given the time constraints (100 seconds), I need an efficient method.

Another idea: since the problem has symmetry, maybe the optimal function is symmetric. The initial solution was symmetric (mirror image on the left and right), which might be a good starting point. So maintaining symmetry could help reduce the search space.

The previous repair function sorted the values by their distance from the center and assigned descending values. Maybe a different way to distribute the values could be better. For example, alternating between high and low values in a way that balances the overlaps. But how?

Another thought: the overlap integral is essentially the convolution of h with (1-h), scaled by dx. The maximum of this convolution corresponds to the worst-case overlap. So minimizing this maximum is our goal. To minimize the maximum, perhaps the function h should be designed to have as uniform as possible overlaps for different shifts k.

The previous approach used a perturbation method with noise. Maybe instead of adding random noise, using a more structured perturbation, like swapping values in certain regions where the overlap is high, could be more effective.

Also, the time budget is tight. The previous code ran 20,000 iterations. Maybe reducing the number of iterations but using more efficient steps could help. Or using a better optimization algorithm that converges faster.

Wait, the user mentioned that using different algorithmic ideas is encouraged. Maybe instead of simulated annealing, using gradient-based methods with constraints. But how to handle the constraints here?

The constraints are that the sum of h must be exactly (n_points / 2) * dx = 1. So the integral is fixed. The variables are h[i] between 0 and 1. To use gradient methods, perhaps formulate the problem as an optimization with constraints, using methods like Lagrange multipliers. But with the non-smooth max function, it's challenging.

Alternatively, since the maximum of the convolution is what we need to minimize, maybe we can approximate this with a smooth function and use gradient descent. However, the max function is not differentiable, but perhaps during optimization, we can track the maximum value and adjust accordingly.

Another approach is to use a greedy method. Start with a good initial guess and iteratively improve it by adjusting parts of the function where the overlap is highest. For example, identify the lag k that gives the maximum overlap, then adjust h to reduce that overlap. But how to efficiently find and adjust those regions?

The original code used a repair function after each perturbation. Maybe the repair function could be improved. For example, instead of sorting by distance from the center, maybe considering the positions where the overlap is highest and redistributing the values to reduce those overlaps.

Another idea: since the overlap is affected by shifts, the function h should be designed such that h(x) and h(x + k) are as uncorrelated as possible. This might suggest that h should have a structure that avoids repeating patterns that could lead to high overlaps. For example, using a periodic or quasi-periodic structure with certain intervals.

But how to translate that into a step function? Maybe the function should alternate between high and low regions in a way that no two shifts align the high regions too much.

The initial solution used a pattern of [1,1,0,0] repeated. That creates periodicity, which might lead to overlaps at certain lags. Maybe changing the pattern or the spacing could help. For example, using a more complex pattern with different segment lengths.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is fixed, the problem is similar to distributing the "mass" of the function h in a way that minimizes the maximum overlap. So it's a kind of assignment problem where the assignments (h[x]) are to be placed such that overlapping with shifted versions is minimized.

Maybe a better initial guess could be constructed. The initial_h_values provided by the parent might be a good starting point, but maybe there's a different pattern that could be better. For instance, using a more optimal distribution of the 1s and 0s, perhaps with different segment lengths to balance the overlaps.

Another consideration is the number of samples. The previous code used 280 points. Maybe using a different number of points, like 256 or 512, could allow for finer adjustments, but the time budget might not allow for that. However, if the user prefers smaller sequences under 1k samples, 280 is acceptable.

Back to the original code's repair function: it sorts the indices by their distance from the center, and assigns the highest values to the closest points. This might create a "spike" in the middle, which could lead to high overlaps when shifted. Maybe instead, distributing the values more evenly could be better. Perhaps using a different sorting order or a different method to assign the values.

Another thought: the overlap integral for lag k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For each x, h(x) is 1 or 0, but in the continuous case, it's a step function. So for each x, h(x) and h(x + k) are either 0 or 1, and their product is 0 except when one is 1 and the other is 0. Therefore, the overlap is the measure (length) where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0, plus the measure where h(x) is 0 and h(x + k) is 1. Wait, no, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) is the sum over all x of h(x) when h(x + k) is 0. Since h(x + k) is 0 in regions where (x + k) is not in the support of h. So this is equivalent to the measure of x where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. Which can be rewritten as the measure of x where h(x) is 1 and x + k is not in the support of h. That is, the overlap is the measure of the support of h that doesn't overlap with the support of h shifted by -k. So to minimize the maximum overlap, we need to arrange the support of h so that for any shift k, the intersection of the support and the shifted support is as small as possible. This is similar to a covering problem, where we want the maximum coverage by shifts to be minimized.

This is similar to the problem of placing intervals to minimize overlaps when shifted. So perhaps the optimal h is a set of intervals arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap too much. For example, using aperiodic spacing.

But how to translate this into a step function with a fixed total integral? It might be challenging. However, the initial solution's pattern of [1,1,0,0] repeated would create periodic support, which would lead to overlaps when shifted by multiples of the pattern length. For example, shifting by 2 would align the 1s with the 0s, but shifting by 1 would create some overlap.

Maybe instead of using a repeating pattern, using a more irregular distribution of the support would be better. However, finding such a distribution is non-trivial.

Back to the code. The previous code used simulated annealing with perturbations. Maybe the key to improvement is in the repair function and the way the perturbations are applied. Let's think about the repair function. It sorts the indices by their distance from the center and assigns higher values to those closer to the center. This might create a function that is higher in the middle and lower towards the edges. However, this could lead to high overlaps when shifted by small k.

An alternative repair method: instead of sorting by distance, maybe sort by the positions that are most likely to contribute to high overlaps. Or, perhaps use a different weighting that considers the current overlap.

Alternatively, the repair function could be modified to ensure that the function h has a certain structure, like having high and low regions interleaved. For example, arranging the h values such that 1s and 0s alternate, but with some variation to balance the integrals.

Another idea: Since the overlap is maximized for certain shifts, maybe the repair function should adjust h to reduce those specific overlaps. For instance, if the current h has a high overlap for shift k=1, then the repair function could modify the h values in regions that contribute to that overlap.

But how to implement that? It would require knowing which regions of h contribute most to the overlap for each k, which is computationally expensive. However, during the optimization process, we could track the maximum overlap and focus on those regions.

Alternatively, during the repair step, after perturbing h, compute the overlap for all shifts, and then adjust the h values in the regions that contribute the most to the maximum overlap. For example, if the maximum overlap occurs for k=1, then for those x where h(x) is 1 and h(x+1) is 0, we might adjust h(x) or h(x+1) to reduce that contribution.

But this seems complicated to implement, especially within the time constraints.

Let me try to think of a different approach. The problem is similar to a quadratic optimization problem where we want to minimize the maximum of several quadratic forms. Since this is difficult, maybe approximate it by focusing on the most problematic shift.

Another thought: since the maximum of the overlap is what we need to minimize, perhaps the function h can be designed to have equal overlap for all shifts. This would be ideal, but achieving that might be impossible. However, if we can balance the overlaps, it could lead to a lower maximum.

Alternatively, focusing on the shifts that are most critical. For example, shifts near zero (small k) might have higher overlaps due to the function being smooth. So ensuring that the function h has a structure that breaks up the support in such a way that small shifts result in minimal overlap.

But again, how to translate this into code?

Perhaps the main issue with the previous code is that it might be getting stuck in local optima due to the symmetry and the repair method. To avoid that, using a different initial guess or a more diverse search strategy might help.

Let me consider changing the initial guess. The parent provided an initial_h_values of 280 samples. Maybe that's a pattern that can be improved upon. For example, instead of the [1,1,0,0] pattern, using a different pattern that creates more balanced overlaps.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess is not the best. If the user allows starting from other points, I could generate a different initial vector. However, the user says to use initial_h_values if available, so I can't change that.

So, perhaps instead of using the simulated annealing approach, trying a different optimization method such as gradient descent with constraints, or using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate solutions.

But implementing a genetic algorithm might take more time, especially with the 100-second budget. Let me think about the time. Each evaluation of C5 requires computing the correlation. The current code uses np.correlate, which is fast. So, for 100 seconds, with around 10,000 evaluations, if each evaluation takes 1ms, that's manageable.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method, like a particle swarm optimization (PSO) or a Bayesian optimization approach could be feasible.

But given the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to refine the existing simulated annealing method. Maybe adjusting the hyperparameters, such as the cooling rate, the number of iterations, or the noise magnitude.

In the previous code, the cooling rate was 0.995, and the number of iterations was 20,000. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the cooling rate could lead to better results. However, the code already uses 20,000 steps, but perhaps the convergence is not sufficient.

Alternatively, using a more efficient perturbation step. For example, instead of adding Gaussian noise, perturbing certain regions where the overlap is high. Or, using a local search method after some time to fine-tune the solution.

Another idea: using a multi-start approach, where multiple initial guesses are tried, and the best result is selected. But with the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated repair function. For example, the repair function in the previous code might be too simplistic. Instead of sorting by distance from the center, maybe using a different metric that considers the overlap. For example, in the repair function, when adjusting the h values, prioritize positions that contribute to high overlaps. But again, this might be complex.

Let me think about the repair function again. The current code sorts the indices by their distance from the center, assigns the highest values to those closest to the center, then scales to maintain the integral. This creates a function that has a peak at the center. However, this might not be optimal, as the overlap for shifts that align the center with other regions could be high.

Instead, perhaps distributing the higher values more evenly could be better. For example, distributing the values such that they form a more uniform pattern without a central peak. Maybe the repair function should sort the indices based on their potential to contribute to overlaps, but how?

Alternatively, considering that the overlap for lag k is influenced by the regions where h(x) and h(x +k) both have 1s. To minimize the maximum overlap, we want to minimize the product of h(x) and h(x +k) for all x, but since we're integrating h(x)(1 - h(x +k)), that's equivalent to minimizing the overlap between h and the shifted h.

This is starting to remind me of the concept of a "spherical code" or a set of points arranged to minimize pairwise overlaps. Perhaps arranging the support of h to be as spread out as possible.

But again, translating this into a step function with a fixed integral is challenging. However, the previous approach's repair function creates a central peak, which might not be ideal. Maybe creating a flat distribution of 1s and 0s could be better.

Perhaps instead of using the distance from the center as a sorting metric, use the positions where the overlap is most likely to occur. For example, in the repair function, sort the indices based on their contribution to the current overlap, and then adjust the values. But how to compute that without re-evaluating the overlap for every repair?

Alternatively, during the repair step, compute the current overlap for all lags, select the lig with the highest overlap, and then adjust the repair function to reduce that overlap. However, this would require significant computation.

Alternatively, the repair function can be modified to distribute the values in a way that balances the overlaps. For example, using a different sorting metric that takes into account the current overlap.

But given time constraints, maybe focusing on improving the existing repair function and the simulated annealing parameters would be more feasible.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a symmetric h_opt and extends it to h_double by mirroring. However, if the optimal h is not symmetric, this might lead to suboptimal results. But the problem's symmetry might imply that the optimal solution is symmetric. However, it's possible that breaking symmetry could help. For example, having an asymmetric distribution of 1s and 0s might allow for lower overlaps. But again, this is uncertain.

If I can't change the symmetry, then the current approach is fine. But maybe the repair function could be modified to allow for asymmetric distributions. However, this would complicate the repair step.

Let me think about the previous code's repair function. It sorts the indices by their distance from the center and assigns the highest values to those indices. Then scales to maintain the integral. This leads to a function that is higher in the center. For example, if the center is at n_points//2, then the values near the center are higher, and the values near the edges are lower. This might lead to high overlaps when shifting by small k, because the center area is high, and when shifted, it might overlap with other regions.

An alternative approach for the repair function: instead of sorting by distance, sort by the position's contribution to the overlap. For example, if during the repair step, we can compute for each index i the current overlap contribution, but this would require expensive computations.

Alternatively, the repair function could be designed to spread the 1s and 0s more evenly. For example, arranging the 1s in a way that no two consecutive 1s are too close, thereby reducing overlaps for small shifts.

But again, without knowing the exact overlaps, this is hard to implement.

Perhaps a better idea is to experiment with different repair functions. For example, instead of sorting by distance from the center, use a different metric. For instance, using the position's absolute value. Or, to create a more even distribution, sorting by modulo n_points rather than absolute distance.

Alternatively, maybe the initial repair should create a function that is more spread out. For example, spreading the high values evenly across the domain. This can be achieved by sorting the indices in a different way.

For example, instead of sorting by distance from the center, sort by their positions in a way that creates a uniform distribution. For instance, using a sine function or some other periodic pattern.

But how to translate this into code? Perhaps using a different sorting key. For instance, for the repair function, instead of the distance from the center, sort the indices based on their value modulo some number, or some other pattern that breaks the symmetry and creates a more even distribution.

Alternatively, using a different repair method that creates a uniform distribution. For example, distributing the 1s evenly across the array. This could be done by dividing the array into segments and assigning 1s in a way that their positions are spread out.

But again, without knowing the exact overlaps, it's hard to assess.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code by adjusting the repair function and/or the perturbation strategy. For example, changing the repair function to distribute the values more evenly.

In the previous repair function, the code sorted the indices by their distance from the center (sorted_indices = np.argsort(-weights) where weights are 1/(abs(np.arange(n) - center) + 1e-6)). This gives higher weights to the indices closer to the center, leading to higher values being assigned there. Changing the weights to give higher importance to positions that are further away might spread the values more evenly.

For instance, if instead of weighting by 1/(distance + 1e-6), we use 1/(distance + 1e-6)^2 or some other function. But this could be computationally intensive. Alternatively, using a different metric for the weights, like the inverse of their position's location.

Alternatively, sorting the indices in a way that alternates high and low values. But without knowing which positions contribute the most to overlaps, it's unclear.

Another idea: during the repair step, take the current h values, and for each position, adjust them so that the total sum is maintained, but the values are distributed in a way that minimizes the overlaps. However, this requires knowing the overlaps for each shift, which is not feasible during the repair step unless we track it.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best way forward is to modify the existing code's repair function to create a more even distribution of values. For example, in the repair function, instead of sorting by distance from the center, sort by a different metric that encourages even distribution.

For example, instead of sorting by distance from the center, perhaps sort by their positions in a way that they alternate high and low values. However, this would require generating a permutation of the indices that achieves this.

Alternatively, using a more even spread by distributing the values across the array. For example, divide the array into segments and assign values in a way that spreads the high values across the array.

But how to implement this in code? Let me think. If I have a desired total sum, then to spread the values evenly, each position should have a value of total_sum / n_points. However, since the values must be in [0,1], this would only be possible if total_sum is n_points * mean, but since the initial values may vary, the repair function would need to adjust them.

Wait, the repair function's goal is to scale the sorted values to meet the integral target. If the initial sorted values are assigned to the positions in a way that spreads them out, the scaled values would be more even.

So perhaps, instead of sorting by distance from the center, the repair function should sort the indices in a way that creates a more even distribution. For example, using a different sorting key that spreads the values across the array.

Maybe sorting the indices based on their modulo with something, like dividing the array into parts. For example, placing the highest values in the first part, then the next in the next part, etc. This would spread the high values across the array.

But how to implement this? For example, using a different order of indices. For instance, instead of using the distance from the center, use the position's parity or some other pattern.

Alternatively, for the repair function, instead of computing weights based on distance, ignore the weights and just sort the indices in a way that spreads them out. For example, using a permutation that alternates high and low indices.

But without specific knowledge of which indices contribute to overlaps, this is speculative.

Alternatively, using a more even distribution by using a sine function or some other continuous function to assign the values. However, this would be complex.

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the repair function's sorting metric. For instance, instead of weighting by distance from the center, use a weight that encourages spreading out. For example, using the absolute position minus the center, squared, which would give higher weights to positions that are farther from the center. Wait, if the weight is 1/( (distance from center)^2 + 1e-6), then the indices farther away from the center would have higher weights, leading to higher values being assigned there. However, this may not spread the values evenly.

Alternatively, using a weight that is the same for all positions, but then sorted in a different order. For example, sorting the indices based on their position modulo 4, which would alternate the positions.

But this is getting too speculative. Perhaps the previous repair function's approach is not the best, and changing it could lead to better results. 

Let me try to adjust the repair function. In the previous code, the repair function sorts the indices by their distance from the center, which causes the highest values to be near the center. This might create a function that has a high peak in the center, leading to overlaps when shifted. To break this symmetry, perhaps the repair function should spread the values more evenly.

One way to achieve this is to sort the indices based on their position in such a way that the highest values are spread out. For example, instead of sorting by distance from the center, use a different metric. Suppose we sort the indices based on their position's value, but in a way that alternates between high and low. 

Alternatively, using a different metric, like the position itself. For instance, sorting the indices in ascending order, and assigning higher values to higher indices. This would create a function that increases from left to right, which may not be ideal, but it could be a starting point.

Another idea: the repair function could create a function that consists of multiple alternating segments. For example, having 1s in certain regions and 0s in others, spaced in a way that minimizes overlaps. However, how to implement this in code?

Alternatively, during the repair function, instead of sorting by distance, use a random permutation of the indices. This would create a more random distribution, which may help escape local optima. However, this is not deterministic and would likely increase the variance of the results.

In the previous code, the repair function is called after each perturbation. If the repair function can be modified to create more evenly distributed values, the overall function may have better overlap properties.

Let me try modifying the repair function. Instead of sorting by distance from the center, I'll sort the indices based on their position, but in a way that spreads the values. For example, sorting the indices in a specific order that ensures that the highest values are not clustered.

Here's an idea: instead of sorting by distance from the center, sort the indices in a way that alternates between high and low values. For example, using a permutation that alternates between high and low indices.

But how to generate such a permutation? One way is to generate a list of indices that alternate between those far from the center and those near the center. For instance, using a different sorting key, like the position modulo some number. 

Alternatively, for the repair function, sort the indices based on their position in a shuffled manner. But this would make the repair function less deterministic.

Given the time, I'll proceed to modify the repair function. Let me think of a different way to sort the indices. Perhaps instead of using the distance from the center, use a different metric that spreads the values. For example, using the position itself. 

Wait, the previous code uses a weight of 1/(abs(np.arange(n) - center) + 1e-6), which decreases as the index approaches the center. This gives higher priority to the indices further from the center, but I think it's the opposite of what I intended. Wait, the weights are 1/(distance + 1e-6), so as distance increases, the weight decreases. Wait no, the distance is |i - center|. So for indices closer to the center (smaller distance), the weight is higher. Thus, the sorted_indices are those with the highest weights, which are the indices closest to the center. This leads to assigning the highest values to the center. 

To spread the values out, perhaps we need to assign higher values to indices further from the center. That would require changing the distance metric to something that gives higher weights to indices further from the center. For example, using 1/(distance + 1e-6)^2, but this would give even higher weights to the indices further away. Wait, no. If distance increases, then 1/(distance + ...) decreases. So newer, for the repair function, if I use a weight that increases with distance, I need to invert it. For example, using (distance + 1e-6) as the weight, which increases with distance. Then, sorting by decreasing weights (as in the previous code) would give higher weights to indices further away, leading to assigning higher values to those indices.

Ah, that's a key insight! Previously, the weight was 1/(distance + ...), which decreases as distance increases. So the indices closer to the center had higher weights. To spread out the values, I need to give higher weights to indices further from the center. This can be done by using a weight proportional to distance. 

So, in the repair function, change the weight calculation from 1/(distance + 1e-6) to (distance + 1e-6). Then, the indices further away from the center will have higher weights, leading to the highest values being assigned there. This might create a more spread-out function, which could reduce overlaps when shifted.

Let me try modifying the repair function accordingly. The previous code had:

weights = 1.0 / (np.abs(np.arange(n) - center) + 1e-6)

Instead, I'll change it to:

weights = np.abs(np.arange(n) - center) + 1e-6

This way, indices further from the center have higher weights. Then, when we sort the indices in descending order of weights, the highest values are assigned to the indices further from the center.

This could create a function that has higher values at the edges, which might help in reducing overlaps for certain shifts.

Let me test this idea. If h has higher values at the edges and lower in the center, then shifting by small lags might lead to less overlap because the center is low. For example, if the center is low, then shifting might not overlap much with the high regions. This is speculative, but it's worth trying.

So, in the repair function, I'll replace the weights calculation. This change might lead to a better distribution of values.

Another possible adjustment: during the repair function, after assigning the sorted values, check if the values exceed the bounds and clip them. The current repair function does this, but maybe adjusting the scaling factor could help.

In the previous code, the repair function scales the sorted values so that their sum equals the target_sum. This is correct. 

With these changes, I'll adjust the code. Let me outline the changes:

1. In the repair function, compute weights as the distance from the center, not the reciprocal.
2. Sort the indices based on these weights in descending order.
3. Assign the sorted values to these indices.
4. Scale to meet the target_sum.

This should lead to a more spread-out distribution of values.

Another thing to consider is the center calculation. In the previous code, the center is n // 2. For example, with n_points = 280, the center is 140. 

By modifying the weights, the repair function now assigns higher values to indices further from the center. This could help in creating a function that has both high and low regions, potentially reducing overlaps.

Once this repair function is modified, the simulated annealing process could explore better solutions. 

Another possible improvement: in the previous code, the perturbation step adds Gaussian noise. Maybe instead of adding Gaussian noise, use a different perturbation that modifies specific regions based on the current overlap. For example, identify the regions where the overlap is high and adjust them. However, implementing such an approach would be more complex and time-consuming.

Given the time constraints, modifying the repair function and adjusting the perturbation parameters might be the most feasible way to improve the result.

Finally, the previous code uses a cooling rate of 0.995, which is quite slow. Maybe increasing the cooling rate faster to allow more exploration in the early stages. However, this might lead to premature convergence.

Alternatively, using a different cooling schedule. For example, starting with a higher initial temperature and decreasing it more rapidly. Or, using a dynamic cooling schedule based on the improvements in the overlap.

But without knowing the exact behavior, it's hard to adjust. 

In summary, the key changes to implement are:

- Modify the repair function to assign higher values to indices further from the center, thereby spreading the values more evenly.
- Adjust the simulated annealing parameters, such as the cooling rate or the number of iterations.

Now, translating this into code:

In the repair function, replace:

weights = 1.0 / (np.abs(np.arange(n) - center) + 1e-6)

with:

weights = np.abs(np.arange(n) - center) + 1e-6

Then, the rest of the repair function remains the same.

This change would make the repair function assign higher values to indices further away from the center, potentially leading to a more even distribution and better overlap properties.

Additionally, perhaps the number of iterations or the cooling rate could be adjusted. For example, increasing the number of iterations to allow more exploration.

But since the time budget is fixed, perhaps the code can be adjusted to use more iterations if possible.

Another idea: to use a different initial guess, but the user mentioned that the initial_h_values are available, so we should use them.

Putting this all together, the code will be modified to change the repair function's weights. Let me write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    import numpy as np
    import time
    
    n_points = 280
    n_half = n_points // 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    integral_target = n_points / 4
    
    # Initialize with parent's h if available
    if 'initial_h_values' in globals():
        h_initial = np.array(initial_h_values)
        h_opt = h_initial[:n_half]
    else:
        h_opt = np.tile([1,1,0,0], n_points // 4)[:n_half]
    
    def repair(h, integral_target):
        n = len(h)
        center = n // 2
        weights = np.abs(np.arange(n) - center) + 1e-6  # Spread values away from center
        sorted_indices = np.argsort(-weights)
        sorted_vals = np.sort(h)[::-1]
        new_h = np.zeros_like(h)
        new_h[sorted_indices] = sorted_vals
        current_sum = np.sum(new_h)
        if current_sum == 0:
            return np.zeros_like(h)
        scaling_factor = integral_target / current_sum
        new_h *= scaling_factor
        return np.clip(new_h, 0, 1)
    
    def compute_overlap(h_opt):
        h_full = np.concatenate([h_opt, h_opt[::-1]])
        corr = np.correlate(h_full, 1 - h_full, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    start_time = time.time()
    T = 0.1
    cooling_rate = 0.998  # Slightly faster cooling
    current_h_opt = h_opt.copy()
    best_h_opt = current_h_opt.copy()
    best_c5 = compute_overlap(current_h_opt)
    
    for _ in range(25000):  # Increased iteration count
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 1:
            break
        noise = np.random.normal(0, 0.015, n_half)  # Higher noise for faster exploration
        perturbed = current_h_opt + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        repaired = repair(perturbed, integral_target)
        candidate_c5 = compute_overlap(repaired)
        if candidate_c5 < best_c5 or np.random.rand() < np.exp((candidate_c5 - best_c5) / T):
            current_h_opt = repaired
            if candidate_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = candidate_c5
                best_h_opt = current_h_opt.copy()
        T *= cooling_rate  # Faster cooling
    
    elapsed = time.time() - start_time
    if elapsed > budget_s:
        return np.concatenate([best_h_opt, best_h_opt[::-1]]), best_c5, n_points
    
    return np.concatenate([best_h_opt, best_h_opt[::-1]]), best_c5, n_points
```