<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous program used SLSQP optimization with initial guesses based on an existing construction. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, I should understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral (which is the maximum of the convolution of h and 1-h) is minimized. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h, scaled by dx.

The previous approach used multiple initial guesses with noise added, then optimized each with SLSQP. But perhaps that's getting stuck in local minima. Maybe I need a different optimization strategy or a better initial guess.

Looking at the lessons from earlier attempts: using SLSQP with equality constraints is recommended. The previous code already does that, so maybe that's not the issue. But maybe the initial guess isn't good enough. The initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which might be a suboptimal starting point.

Another idea: maybe using a different parameterization. Instead of a step function with discrete samples, perhaps using a more structured approach. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 0 or 1, but with some transitions. However, since the problem requires a step function, maybe the optimal solution has certain symmetry or periodicity.

Wait, the problem says h is a step function. Wait, no, actually, the problem says h is a step function, but in the discretization, it's represented as samples. Wait, no, the problem says "step function h: [0, 2] → [0, 1]". Wait, but in the discretization, it's represented as n_points samples. So maybe the actual function is piecewise constant, with jumps at the sample points. But the optimization is over the samples, which are the values of h at each point.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal h has certain symmetry. For example, maybe it's symmetric around 1.0, or has some periodic structure. For instance, in the Erdős problem, the optimal function might have a certain pattern that minimizes the maximum overlap.

Another approach is to use a genetic algorithm or other population-based optimization methods, which can explore the search space more thoroughly. However, given the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, maybe a more efficient approach is better.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization method, like differential evolution, could find better solutions. However, differential evolution might be slower, but with the given time constraints, maybe it's feasible.

Wait, but the previous code already uses SLSQP with multiple initial guesses. Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. The current code adds noise to the initial guess, but perhaps a better way is to generate more varied initial guesses. For example, using different patterns, like alternating high and low values, or using a different initial construction.

Another idea: perhaps using a more informed initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point, but maybe there's a way to improve it. For example, using a construction that's known to be good for similar problems, or using a different approach to generate the initial guess.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a different optimization problem. For example, instead of directly optimizing the overlap integral, perhaps using a penalty method that considers all possible shifts. But that might complicate things.

Wait, the overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So for each shift k, we compute the integral. The maximum of these is what we need to minimize. The previous code uses the numpy correlate function with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. Then, the maximum of these values multiplied by dx is the C5 value.

So the objective function is to minimize the maximum of these cross-correlation values. The challenge is that this is a maximin problem, which is difficult to optimize directly.

Another thought: maybe the optimal h has a certain structure that can be exploited. For example, if h is designed such that for any shift k, the overlap is balanced. This might involve some periodicity or symmetry.

Alternatively, considering that the integral over [0,2] of h(x) dx is 1, maybe the function h is designed to be as spread out as possible. For instance, a uniform distribution would have h(x) = 0.5 everywhere, but that would give a higher overlap. So perhaps a more concentrated function would be better? Or maybe a function that has regions where it's 1 and 0, arranged to minimize overlaps.

Wait, but the function is a step function, so maybe it's better to have regions where h is 1 and 0, but arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart, such that when shifted by k, the overlap between h and 1-h is minimized.

But how to model this? It's a bit abstract. Maybe the previous approach of using optimization with multiple initial guesses is the way to go, but with some improvements.

Let me think about the previous code. It uses SLSQP with equality constraints. The initial guess is based on initial_h_values, then perturbed with noise. However, maybe the initial guess is not the best. Perhaps using a different initial guess, like a more optimal construction, could lead to better results.

Alternatively, maybe the problem is that the optimization is too local. Using a different optimization method, like a genetic algorithm, could explore more of the search space. However, with the time constraints, this might not be feasible. But given that the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, maybe switching to a global optimizer could help.

But how to implement that in Python within the time budget? Scipy has differential evolution, which is a global optimizer. Let me think. The differential evolution method could be used here. However, the problem is that the objective function is to minimize the maximum cross-correlation, which is a non-smooth function. Differential evolution might handle that, but it's possible that it's slower than SLSQP.

Alternatively, maybe combining both approaches: using differential evolution for initial exploration and then SLSQP for refinement. But given the time, perhaps using differential evolution with a smaller number of iterations could be better.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, perhaps we can use a multi-objective optimization approach, but that's more complex.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be approximated by considering only a few shifts. For example, the maximum overlap might be achieved at certain specific shifts, like k=1, k=0.5, etc. If we can focus the optimization on those shifts, maybe it's easier. However, this is speculative.

Another observation: the current code uses n_points=150. Maybe increasing n_points could lead to better results, but with the time budget, that might not be feasible. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, so maybe 150 is acceptable.

Wait, the previous code's initial_h_values is for n=150. Maybe using a different n_points, like 200 or 250, could lead to better results. But again, with the time constraints, perhaps it's better to stick with a lower n_points.

Another thought: the previous code uses 10 initial guesses with noise. Maybe generating more initial guesses, or using different patterns for the initial guesses, could help. For example, instead of adding random noise, create initial guesses with different structures, like alternating high and low values, or using a different pattern that's known to be good.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more structured initial guess. For example, if the optimal function is known to have certain properties, like being symmetric or having a specific number of intervals where it's 1 or 0, then constructing an initial guess based on that could be better.

But without knowing the exact structure, this is challenging. However, the initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point. Maybe the previous code's initial guess is already a decent one, but the optimization could be improved.

Another possible improvement: instead of using SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, maybe using a different method that can handle the constraints better. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method, but that might not handle the equality constraint as well.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where the constraint is incorporated into the objective function. However, the previous code uses an equality constraint, which is handled by SLSQP.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed n_points of 150. Maybe trying different n_points values could yield better results. For example, trying n_points=200, which allows for more detailed functions, but with the time budget, it's possible that the optimization would take longer. However, given that the user prefers smaller sequences, perhaps 150 is acceptable.

Alternatively, maybe using a different discretization. For example, instead of uniform samples, using a non-uniform grid where more points are placed where the function is changing rapidly. However, this complicates the implementation.

Another possible improvement: in the previous code, the initial guess is generated by interpolating the initial_h_values. Maybe using a different interpolation method or adjusting the initial guess in a different way. For example, using a more optimal initial guess based on known constructions for similar problems.

But since the initial_h_values are provided, perhaps that's the best we can do. Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values are not optimal, and generating a better initial guess could help.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution has a certain balance between the regions where h is 1 and 0. For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are spaced in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. This might relate to the concept of a "greedy" algorithm where you try to place the intervals to minimize overlaps.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? It's not straightforward.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be approximated by considering the worst-case shift. For example, the maximum overlap occurs when the shift k is such that the overlap between h and 1-h is maximized. To minimize this maximum, the function h should be designed to have low overlap for all possible shifts.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So, the function is balanced between 0 and 1. Maybe the optimal function is a periodic function with certain properties. However, the domain is [0,2], which is a finite interval, so periodicity might not be directly applicable.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) dx is 1, this becomes 1 - integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, the overlap integral is 1 - integral h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx over all k.

Wait, that's an important observation. Let me rephrase:

The overlap integral for shift k is:

∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx = ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx = 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx.

Therefore, the maximum overlap integral is equal to max_k [1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx ].

Therefore, minimizing this maximum is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over all k.

So the problem becomes: find h such that the minimum over k of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx is as large as possible. This is a maximin problem.

This perspective might help in designing the optimization. For example, we can try to maximize the minimum of these integrals. However, how to incorporate this into the optimization?

Perhaps this formulation could lead to a different objective function. However, the previous code already uses the cross-correlation approach, which is equivalent.

Another thought: the integral ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx is the autocorrelation of h at shift k. So, the problem is to find h with integral 1 that maximizes the minimum autocorrelation over all shifts. This is similar to designing a function with high autocorrelation, but in the opposite direction.

But how to optimize this? The previous approach uses the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h, which is equivalent to the maximum of 1 minus the autocorrelation. So, the previous code is correct in its formulation.

Now, considering that, perhaps there's a way to model this as a constrained optimization problem where we try to maximize the minimum autocorrelation. However, this is a more complex objective function, as it involves multiple terms.

But given that the previous code uses the cross-correlation approach, perhaps the main issue is the optimization method and initial guesses.

So, returning to the code: the previous code uses SLSQP with multiple initial guesses. Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, adding noise to the initial guess might not generate enough variation. Instead, perhaps generating different initial guesses with different structures, such as varying the number of intervals where h is 1 or 0, or using different patterns.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a bounded optimization method, might be more effective. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which handles equality constraints.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several values, perhaps using a multi-objective optimization approach where we try to balance the different shifts. However, this is more complex to implement.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. The current code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. However, for the interval [0,2], the possible shifts k are from -2 to 2. But the maximum overlap might occur for certain shifts, like k=1, k=0.5, etc. Maybe focusing the optimization on those specific shifts could help.

But how to do that? For example, if we can find the shifts that are most critical, we could adjust the optimization to prioritize those. However, without knowing which shifts are critical, this is difficult.

Another approach: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (10) with noise. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could lead to better results. However, with the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess generation method. For example, instead of adding noise, creating initial guesses with different patterns. For example, one initial guess could be a step function that is 1 on intervals spaced apart, another could be a more gradual function, etc.

But without knowing the optimal structure, it's challenging. However, the initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point. Perhaps the previous code's initial guess is already a decent one, but the optimization could be improved.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with tighter tolerances or more iterations. However, the previous code already uses a relatively high number of iterations (1000).

Alternatively, using a different solver. For example, using the 'COBYLA' method, which is suitable for bounds and equality constraints. However, COBYLA might not be as effective as SLSQP for this problem.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, perhaps using a penalty method where the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. However, this is what the current code already does.

Wait, the current code's objective function is the maximum cross-correlation multiplied by dx. So, the code is minimizing this value. That's correct.

Now, considering all this, perhaps the main issue is the initial guess and the optimization method. Let me think about how to improve the code.

First, the initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which is a 150-point array. Maybe generating a better initial guess could help. For example, using a different construction that's known to be good for similar problems. However, without access to such constructions, perhaps the initial_h_values are the best available.

Another idea: instead of adding noise to the initial guess, generate multiple initial guesses with different structures. For example, one could be a step function with certain intervals, another with a different pattern. However, this requires knowing what those patterns are, which is not given.

Alternatively, using a different parameterization. For example, instead of representing h as a list of values, perhaps using a parameterization that enforces certain properties, like symmetry or periodicity. For example, if the optimal function is symmetric around 1.0, then we can enforce that in the initial guess.

But again, without knowing the structure, this is speculative.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. The current code uses numpy.correlate, which is efficient, but perhaps there's a way to vectorize the computation or precompute certain values.

Alternatively, considering that the cross-correlation for all shifts can be computed efficiently, but the current code already does that.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 150. Maybe trying a different n_points could lead to better results. For example, trying n_points=200. However, with the time budget, it's possible that the optimization would take longer. But since the user prefers smaller sequences, perhaps 150 is acceptable.

Another idea: the previous code uses 10 initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help, but with the time budget, this might not be feasible. However, given that the code has a time limit, perhaps the number of initial guesses can be adjusted.

Alternatively, using a different optimization strategy. For example, using a genetic algorithm where each individual is a candidate h function, and the fitness is the C5 value. This could explore the search space more thoroughly, but with the time constraints, it might be challenging.

But implementing a genetic algorithm would require more code and might not be efficient enough. However, given that the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, perhaps a genetic algorithm could find better solutions.

But how to implement this within the time budget? Let's think. For a genetic algorithm, each generation would involve evaluating a population of candidate solutions. However, with 10 CPUs, perhaps parallelizing the evaluation could help.

But given that the user's code is supposed to be self-contained and use the provided initial_h_values, maybe this is not feasible.

Another possible improvement: using a more sophisticated optimization method, such as a trust-region method, but this would require using a different solver.

Alternatively, using the 'TNC' method in scipy.optimize, which is suitable for bound constraints and can handle equality constraints.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is also suitable. Perhaps trying different methods could help.

In summary, the main ideas for improvement are:

1. Generate better initial guesses with more diversity.
2. Use a different optimization method that can escape local minima.
3. Explore different n_points values.
4. Use a different parameterization or structure for the initial guess.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, and generate more diverse initial guesses.

Let me think about implementing differential evolution. The differential evolution method is a global optimizer that can handle the constraints. However, it might be slower than SLSQP, but with the time budget, it might be feasible.

But how to incorporate the equality constraint? Differential evolution can handle bounds, but the equality constraint needs to be incorporated into the objective function as a penalty term. However, this might not be as effective as using an equality constraint in SLSQP.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where the constraint is added to the objective function. For example, the objective function could be the maximum cross-correlation plus a penalty term for violating the sum constraint.

But this could lead to numerical instability. However, given that the previous code uses an equality constraint, perhaps it's better to stick with that.

Another idea: use a combination of methods. For example, use differential evolution for initial exploration, then use SLSQP for refinement. However, this would require more code and time.

Alternatively, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds and constraints. But again, this is similar to what the previous code does.

Perhaps the main issue is the initial guess. The previous code uses a single initial guess with noise added. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different patterns could help. For example, creating initial guesses that are more spread out, or have different numbers of intervals where h is 1.

But without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to generate these. However, perhaps using a different initial guess based on the initial_h_values but with some modifications.

Another idea: instead of adding random noise, create initial guesses by varying the initial_h_values in a structured way. For example, shifting the initial guess, or mirroring it, or creating a more uniform distribution.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess that is known to be good. For example, if the initial_h_values are a known construction, perhaps there's a way to improve it.

But given that the initial_h_values are provided, perhaps the previous code's initial guess is already a good starting point.

In conclusion, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, and generate more initial guesses. However, given the time constraints, it's possible that the previous code's approach is already the best possible.

Alternatively, perhaps the previous code can be improved by using a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation, or by using a different way to handle the constraints.

Another possible improvement: since the cross-correlation is computed for all shifts, maybe the maximum occurs at certain specific shifts. For example, the shift k=1 or k=0.5. Perhaps focusing the optimization on those shifts could help. However, this requires knowing which shifts are critical, which is not known.

Alternatively, the code could compute the cross-correlation for all shifts and then focus on the ones with the highest values. But this is part of the current code's objective function.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (1000) for each optimization. Maybe reducing the number of iterations and increasing the number of initial guesses could lead to better results. However, this is speculative.

In the end, considering the time constraints and the need to improve the previous code, perhaps the best approach is to use a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, and generate more initial guesses with different structures. However, implementing this would require changes to the code.

But given that the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, and the problem is a maximin problem, perhaps using a global optimizer like differential evolution could find better solutions. Let me try to outline how to modify the code.

First, replace the SLSQP optimization with differential evolution. However, differential evolution requires the objective function to be a scalar, and the constraints to be handled via penalty terms. Let me think about how to incorporate the equality constraint.

The equality constraint is that the sum of h is n_points / 2. To incorporate this into the objective function, we can add a penalty term that increases the objective function value when the constraint is violated. For example, the objective function could be:

objective(h) = max_cross_corr * dx + penalty * (sum(h) - n_points / 2)^2

Where penalty is a large constant to ensure the constraint is satisfied. However, this might not be as effective as using an equality constraint in SLSQP.

Alternatively, using the 'constraints' parameter in differential evolution, but I'm not sure if scipy's differential evolution supports equality constraints. According to the scipy documentation, the differential evolution method in scipy.optimize.differential_evolution does not support constraints directly. Therefore, this approach might not be feasible.

Therefore, perhaps using a penalty method is the way to go. Let me try to outline this approach.

Modify the objective function to include a penalty term for the sum constraint. For example:

def objective(h):
    one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
    corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr)
    penalty = 1e4 * (np.sum(h) - n_points / 2)**2
    return max_corr * dx + penalty

Then, use differential evolution to minimize this objective function. This way, the optimizer will try to satisfy the sum constraint while minimizing the maximum cross-correlation.

However, this might lead to a higher objective function value due to the penalty term, but it ensures that the constraint is satisfied.

This approach could be tried. Let me think about how to implement this.

But given the time constraints, perhaps this is a viable approach. Let me try to write the code accordingly.

Another possible improvement: using a larger population size in differential evolution to explore the search space more thoroughly. However, this might take more time.

In conclusion, the plan is:

- Use differential evolution with a penalty method to handle the sum constraint.
- Generate multiple initial guesses with different structures.
- Use a larger population size for differential evolution.
- Evaluate the objective function as the maximum cross-correlation plus a penalty term for the sum constraint.

However, this requires modifying the previous code significantly. Given the time, perhaps this is the way to go.

But given that the previous code already uses SLSQP with multiple initial guesses, and the user's previous program achieved a C5 of 0.381223, perhaps the main improvement is to use a different initial guess generation method or a different optimization method.

Another idea: the previous code uses 10 initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses to 20 or 30 could help. However, with the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, instead of adding noise, creating initial guesses with different patterns, such as alternating high and low values, or using a more structured approach.

But without knowing the optimal structure, this is challenging.

In the end, given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, such as differential evolution with a penalty term, and generate more initial guesses.

But since the previous code uses SLSQP, and the user's previous program achieved a certain result, perhaps the main improvement is to use a different initial guess generation method.

Another possible improvement: instead of adding noise to the initial guess, generate initial guesses that are more varied. For example, create initial guesses by shifting the initial_h_values, or by applying different transformations.

For example, one initial guess could be the initial_h_values, another could be the initial_h_values reversed, another could be the initial_h_values with some intervals flipped, etc.

This could generate more diverse initial guesses, leading to better optimization results.

In conclusion, the plan is to modify the previous code to generate more diverse initial guesses, possibly by applying different transformations to the initial_h_values, and use a different optimization method, such as differential evolution with a penalty term.

However, given the time constraints and the need to implement this quickly, perhaps the best approach is to proceed with the previous code but with some modifications, such as increasing the number of initial guesses and using a different optimization method.

But since the user's previous code uses SLSQP, and the problem is to find a better upper bound, perhaps the main improvement is to use a more efficient optimization method or a better initial guess.

After considering all these possibilities, I think the best approach is to use the previous code but with the following changes:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses to explore more of the search space.
2. Use a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, with a penalty term for the sum constraint.
3. Use a more efficient way to generate initial guesses, such as applying transformations to the initial_h_values.

However, implementing this requires changes to the code. Given the time, I'll proceed with modifying the previous code to use differential evolution with a penalty term and generate more initial guesses.

But since I'm not sure about the exact implementation, I'll proceed with the previous code but with some adjustments, such as increasing the number of initial guesses and using a different optimization method.

Wait, but the previous code uses SLSQP. If I switch to differential evolution, I need to adjust the code accordingly. Let me outline the steps:

- Replace the SLSQP optimization with differential evolution.
- Use a penalty term for the sum constraint.
- Generate more initial guesses.

But how to implement this in code?

Here's a possible approach:

Import scipy.optimize.differential_evolution.

Define the objective function with a penalty term.

Use differential evolution with bounds and a population size.

But since the previous code uses multiple initial guesses, perhaps using differential evolution with a population size of 20 or 30 could be better.

However, given the time constraints, I'll proceed with modifying the previous code to use differential evolution with a penalty term and more initial guesses.

But given the complexity, perhaps the best way is to stick with the previous approach but increase the number of initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters.

In the end, I think the main improvement is to use a different initial guess generation method and possibly a different optimization method. However, due to time constraints, I'll proceed with the previous code but with some modifications.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import differential_evolution
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 150
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    # Generate initial guess via interpolation
    x_initial = np.linspace(0, 2, len(initial_h_values))
    x_new = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
    initial_guess = np.interp(x_new, x_initial, initial_h_values)
    # Adjust sum to meet the constraint
    initial_guess = initial_guess / np.sum(initial_guess) * (n_points / 2)
    
    # Generate multiple initial guesses with structured variations
    num_initial_guesses = 20
    initial_guesses = []
    for i in range(num_initial_guesses):
        # Base guess
        guess = initial_guess.copy()
        # Apply structured perturbations
        if i % 2 == 0:
            # Flip some values
            flip_mask = np.random.choice([0, 1], size=n_points, p=[0.7, 0.3])
            guess = np.where(flip_mask, 1 - guess, guess)
        else:
            # Shift values
            shift = np.random.uniform(-0.2, 0.2)
            guess = np.roll(guess, int(shift * n_points))
        # Clip to [0, 1]
        guess = np.clip(guess, 0, 1)
        # Adjust sum to meet the constraint
        scale_factor = (n_points / 2) / np.sum(guess)
        guess *= scale_factor
        initial_guesses.append(guess)
    
    # Objective function with penalty for constraint violation
    def objective(h):
        one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
        corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        penalty = 1e4 * (np.sum(h) - n_points / 2)**2
        return max_corr * dx + penalty
    
    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = None
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Run differential evolution with multiple initial guesses
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Run differential evolution
        result = differential_evolution(
            objective,
            bounds,
            strategy='best1bin',
            popsize=15,
            maxiter=100,
            tol=1e-6,
            mutation=(0.5, 1),
            recombination=0.8,
            seed=seed + len(initial_guesses)
        )
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
        current_c5 = result.fun
        if current_c5 < best_c5:
            best_c5 = current_c5
            best_h = result.x
    
    # If no optimization was done, use the initial guess
    if best_h is None:
        result = differential_evolution(
            objective,
            bounds,
            strategy='best1bin',
            popsize=15,
            maxiter=100,
            tol=1e-6,
            mutation=(0.5, 1),
            recombination=0.8,
            seed=seed
        )
        best_c5 = result.fun
        best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```