<think>
Okay, let's see. The task is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38092, and we need to get lower than that, ideally to 0.380876. The previous approach used a random initial guess and then optimized with SLSQP, but maybe there's a better way.

First, I need to understand the problem again. We need to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k is minimized. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The goal is to minimize the maximum of these integrals over all k.

The previous code used multiple initial guesses, perturbed them, and then did SLSQP optimization. But maybe that's not the most efficient way. Let's think about possible improvements.

One idea is to use a different optimization method. SLSQP might get stuck in local minima. Maybe using a global optimization approach, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, could help escape local optima. However, those methods can be slow, especially with the time budget. Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient local optimizer with better hyperparameters.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem. The function h should be designed so that when shifted, the overlap with 1 - h is minimized. Maybe there's a pattern or structure to h that can be exploited. For example, using a periodic or symmetric pattern.

The current initial guess is with n=100 samples. Maybe increasing n could help, but the problem says smaller sequences are preferred. However, the user mentioned that the previous code used n=100, and the target is to find a better bound. Maybe trying different n values? But the problem says to prefer sequences with less than 1k samples, so perhaps keeping n around 100-200 is better.

Wait, the previous code uses n_points = len(initial_guess). The initial_h_values is provided, which is for n=100. So maybe starting with n=100 is okay. But perhaps trying different n values could lead to better results. However, the code needs to run within 100 seconds, so maybe sticking to n=100 is better for speed.

Another angle: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. So, perhaps we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we minimize the maximum value of the cross-correlation. However, directly minimizing the maximum is challenging. Maybe using a convex relaxation or some other technique.

Alternatively, since the maximum is over k, perhaps we can approximate this by considering a finite set of k values. But the original problem considers all real k, so that might not be feasible.

Another idea: the problem resembles a two-player game where we want to minimize the maximum overlap. Maybe using a gradient-based approach with careful handling of constraints. The previous code uses SLSQP, but perhaps adjusting the optimization parameters, like the tolerance or the number of iterations, could help.

Also, the initial guess might be important. The previous code uses the initial_h_values and some random guesses. Maybe generating better initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, using a more informed initial guess based on known patterns or structures that might help minimize the overlap.

Another thought: the integral constraint is that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So, h is like a probability density function. The overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum of these over k, perhaps h should be designed to have as uniform a distribution as possible, but with some structure to avoid overlaps.

Wait, but since h is a step function, maybe arranging the steps in a way that when shifted, they don't overlap much with the regions where h is 1. For example, if h is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, then shifting would cause overlaps. But since h is a step function with values between 0 and 1, perhaps a more optimal structure is needed.

Alternatively, maybe using a periodic function with certain properties. For example, if h is designed to be 1 in intervals that are spaced out in such a way that shifting by certain amounts would minimize the overlap.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem? Maybe the key is to find a good initial guess and then optimize it effectively.

Another approach: instead of using a single optimization run, maybe perform multiple optimizations with different initial guesses and select the best result. The previous code does this, but perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses or varying them more could help.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (10), but maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, using different random seeds or different perturbations.

Another idea: the problem is similar to designing a function that minimizes the maximum correlation with its shifted version. This is similar to certain signal processing problems where you want to minimize autocorrelation. Maybe techniques from those areas could be applicable.

In signal processing, for example, the Barker codes are sequences with low autocorrelation. However, this is a different problem, but perhaps similar principles apply. Maybe designing h to have low cross-correlation with itself shifted by different amounts.

But how to translate that into the current problem? The cross-correlation here is between h and 1 - h, not between h and itself. However, maybe similar strategies can be used.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral for shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. Let's think about integrating over x. For each x, h(x) is multiplied by (1 - h(x + k)). If we can arrange h such that when shifted, the regions where h is 1 don't overlap much with regions where h is 1 in the original function.

Wait, but since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So, the overlap integral for shift k would be the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. Expanding this, it's equal to ∫h(x) dx - ∫h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since ∫h(x) dx is 1, the overlap integral is 1 - ∫h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. So, the problem becomes maximizing the minimum of the cross-correlation between h and itself shifted by k. 

This seems like a different perspective. So, the original problem is equivalent to maximizing the minimal cross-correlation between h and itself shifted by any k. Therefore, perhaps designing h to have high cross-correlation for some shifts and low for others, but the maximum of the overlap integral (which is 1 minus cross-correlation) needs to be minimized. 

This suggests that we need to maximize the minimal cross-correlation. However, this might not directly help with the optimization, but it's an interesting observation.

Back to the optimization approach. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could lead to better results. Also, using a different optimization method, like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, might be more effective for this problem.

Another consideration is the evaluation of the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. However, for the integral over x, the actual integral is computed by multiplying by dx. But perhaps there's a way to compute the maximum more efficiently, or to approximate it with fewer shifts.

Alternatively, since the integral is over x in [0, 2], when shifting by k, the overlap integral is computed over x where x + k is within [0, 2]. So, for each shift k, the integral is over x in [0, 2 - k] if k is positive. But the np.correlate function with mode 'full' returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts, which might include shifts that are not within the domain. However, the code multiplies by dx, which might account for that. But perhaps there's a mistake here. Wait, the original problem says that the evaluation computes C5 as the maximum of np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full') * dx. But the np.correlate function returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts, including those that are outside the original domain. However, when you shift by k, the integral is only over the overlapping region. So, maybe the code is not correctly computing the integral for all k. For example, if k is larger than 2, then the integral would be zero. But the problem says to consider all k, but in practice, the maximum might be achieved for certain k within a certain range.

This could be a problem. The current code might be evaluating the cross-correlation for all shifts, but the actual integral for each shift k is only over the overlapping region. Therefore, the np.correlate approach might not be accurate. For example, when k is such that x + k is outside [0, 2], the integral would be over a smaller interval. However, the code uses the full cross-correlation, which includes those shifts, but the dx scaling might not be correct. 

This could be a critical error. For example, if the shift k is such that the overlap region is smaller, then the integral would be smaller. But the current code computes the cross-correlation for all shifts, which includes those where the overlap is not the entire interval. Therefore, the code might be overestimating the integral for certain shifts. 

Wait, but the problem statement says that the evaluation computes C5 as the maximum of np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full') * dx. So, perhaps the code is correct as per the problem's definition. But I need to confirm. 

The cross-correlation of h and 1-h with mode 'full' gives the sum over all possible shifts. For each shift, the cross-correlation value is the sum of h[i] * (1 - h[j]) where j = i + k. However, when the shift is such that the indices go out of bounds, those terms are not included. But the dx scaling is applied to the entire cross-correlation. 

But the actual integral for a shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For the discrete case, this would be approximated by summing over x in the grid points, and for each x, considering the value of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) where x + k is within [0, 2]. However, the np.correlate function with mode 'full' would include all possible shifts, including those where x + k is outside the domain. Therefore, the code might be including terms where x + k is outside [0, 2], which would not contribute to the integral. 

This suggests that the code's evaluation of the overlap integral is incorrect. For example, when k is larger than 2, the integral would be zero, but the code would compute a value based on the cross-correlation, which might not be accurate. Therefore, the code might be overestimating the maximum C5 value. 

This is a significant issue. To fix this, perhaps the code should compute the cross-correlation only for shifts k where the overlap region is non-empty. However, how to do that efficiently? 

Alternatively, perhaps the problem defines the integral over all real numbers, but since h is a step function on [0, 2], the integral for shift k would be over x in [0, 2 - k] if k is positive, or [0, 2] if k is negative. But the code's current approach may not account for this. 

This could be a major flaw in the previous approach. Therefore, the code might not be correctly computing the maximum overlap integral. 

But given that the user says that the previous code achieved a certain C5 value, perhaps the problem's evaluation is designed in such a way that the code's approach is acceptable. However, to improve the result, it's essential to ensure that the evaluation is correct. 

Assuming that the code's evaluation is correct as per the problem's definition, perhaps the main issue is the optimization approach. 

Another idea: since the problem is a constrained optimization problem, maybe using a different optimization method that can handle the constraints more effectively. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate solutions, where each solution is a step function, and the fitness is the C5 value. The genetic algorithm would evolve the population over generations, selecting for lower C5 values. 

However, genetic algorithms can be slow, especially with the time budget. But with 10 CPUs available, maybe parallelizing the evaluation of different candidates could help. However, the code must be self-contained and not use external resources. 

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can be more efficient than random search. However, implementing Bayesian optimization might be complex. 

Another thought: the problem's constraints are that the integral of h is 1. This is a linear constraint. The objective function is the maximum of several linear functions (the cross-correlations for different k). However, the maximum of linear functions is a convex function, so the problem is a convex optimization problem? Wait, no. The maximum of convex functions is convex, but the objective is to minimize this maximum. So the problem is a convex optimization problem? Or not? 

Actually, the objective function is the maximum over k of a convex function (since the cross-correlation is linear in h). Wait, the cross-correlation for each k is linear in h. Therefore, the maximum over k of linear functions is a convex function. So, minimizing a convex function over a convex set (the constraints are linear equality and bounds) is a convex optimization problem. Therefore, the problem is convex, and thus, there's a unique minimum. 

But wait, the maximum of linear functions is convex, and minimizing a convex function is convex. So, the problem is a convex optimization problem. Therefore, using a convex optimization solver should be able to find the global minimum. 

However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimization method. If the problem is convex, then any local minimum is the global minimum. But perhaps the problem is not convex. Wait, the cross-correlation for each shift k is linear in h. Therefore, the maximum over k of these linear functions is convex. Therefore, the problem is convex. 

This is a key insight. If the problem is convex, then using a convex optimization solver like CVXOPT or ECOS would be appropriate. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is not necessarily designed for convex problems. 

Wait, but the constraints are linear (sum h = 1, 0 ≤ h ≤ 1). The objective function is the maximum of linear functions, which is convex. Therefore, the problem is convex. Therefore, using a convex optimization solver should be able to find the optimal solution. 

But how to model this in the code? The problem is to minimize the maximum of several linear functions. This can be modeled as a convex optimization problem with a maximum constraint. 

To handle this, we can introduce a variable t, and minimize t subject to the constraints that for all k, the cross-correlation integral for shift k is ≤ t. 

But how to express the cross-correlation integral for each k as a linear constraint? 

The cross-correlation integral for a shift k is ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx. Expanding this, it's ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. Since ∫ h(x) dx = 1, this becomes 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. Therefore, the overlap integral is 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. 

So, to ensure that the overlap integral is ≤ t, we have 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx ≤ t → ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx ≥ 1 - t. 

Therefore, the problem becomes: minimize t subject to ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx ≥ 1 - t for all k, and ∫ h(x) dx = 1, 0 ≤ h(x) ≤ 1. 

But how to express ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx as a linear constraint? 

This integral is the cross-correlation of h with itself shifted by k. For the discrete case, this is the sum over x of h(x) * h(x + k), but only for x where x + k is within [0, 2]. 

However, in the discrete case, for each shift k, the cross-correlation can be computed as the sum over i of h[i] * h[j], where j = i + k (modulo the domain?), but this depends on how the shifts are handled. 

This seems challenging. However, for the discrete case, the cross-correlation for shift k can be represented as a linear function of the h values. For example, for each possible shift k (which could be a real number), but in the discrete case, the shifts are between -2 and 2. 

But since the problem requires considering all real shifts k, this seems impossible to model exactly. However, perhaps the problem is approximated by considering a finite set of shifts. 

But given that the problem is to minimize the maximum over all k, and the previous code uses the cross-correlation with mode 'full', which considers all possible shifts, perhaps the code's approach is an approximation. 

But if the problem is convex, then perhaps we can model it as a convex optimization problem with a finite number of constraints. However, since there are infinitely many k, this is not feasible. 

Therefore, perhaps the problem is not convex, or the previous approach is not accurate. 

This brings us back to the original approach. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to improve the previous code by using a more effective optimization method, such as a convex solver, or by adjusting the parameters of the existing method. 

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses and perturbations. Maybe using a more sophisticated initialization, such as starting from a known good solution or using a pattern-based initial guess. 

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to balance the overlap integrals for different shifts. 

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, such as using the ECOS solver from CVXOPT, which is designed for convex problems. 

Wait, but how to model the problem as a convex optimization problem? Let's think again. 

The problem is to minimize t subject to, for all k, ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx ≤ t. 

But since the integral is over x, and the function is piecewise constant, this can be approximated as a linear constraint for each k. However, with infinitely many k, this is not feasible. 

Therefore, perhaps the previous approach is the best way, and the key is to improve the optimization process. 

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, use a global optimizer. However, with the time budget, this might not be feasible. 

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimizer with better parameters. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method, which is suitable for bound-constrained problems. 

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The previous code computes the cross-correlation for all shifts and takes the maximum. However, this might be computationally expensive. Perhaps precomputing the shifts that are most likely to contribute to the maximum, and focusing the optimization on those. 

But without knowing which shifts are critical, this is difficult. 

Another possible improvement: since the problem is symmetric, perhaps the optimal solution has certain symmetries. For example, the function h could be symmetric around 1.0. This could reduce the search space. 

Alternatively, the function h could be designed to have certain periodicity. 

In any case, given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a more effective optimization method, such as using the ECOS solver, and adjust the parameters to get better results. 

But how to model the problem as a convex optimization problem? Let's try to think. 

The problem is to minimize t, subject to for all k, ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx ≤ t. 

But since this is for all k, which is infinite, we can't model this directly. However, if we can find a finite set of k's that are critical, then we can model the constraints for those k's. 

Alternatively, since the integral is over x, and the function h is piecewise constant, perhaps the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts that are multiples of dx. For example, the shifts that correspond to the grid points. 

If we assume that the maximum occurs at shifts that are multiples of dx, then we can model the constraints for those shifts. This would reduce the number of constraints. 

For example, if we have n_points samples, then the possible shifts k could be in the range [-2, 2], and for each shift that is a multiple of dx, we can compute the cross-correlation. 

This would allow us to model the problem as a convex optimization problem with a finite number of constraints. 

So, the steps would be:

1. Define a set of shifts k that are multiples of dx (i.e., the shifts between the grid points).

2. For each such shift k, compute the cross-correlation integral as a linear function of h.

3. Add constraints that this integral is ≤ t.

4. Minimize t subject to these constraints, along with the integral constraint and bounds on h.

This would transform the problem into a convex optimization problem, which can be solved with a convex solver. 

However, this requires knowing which shifts are critical. But since we don't know, we can include all possible shifts. 

But for a step function with n_points samples, the number of possible shifts k that are multiples of dx is O(n_points^2), which could be large. For example, with n_points=100, there are 200 possible shifts (from -2 to 2 in steps of dx). 

But with n_points=100, dx=0.02, the number of shifts would be 200. So, for each shift, we have a constraint. 

This would make the problem a convex optimization problem with 200 constraints. 

This seems feasible. 

So, the plan is:

- For each shift k in the range [-2, 2], compute the cross-correlation integral for that shift as a linear function of h.

- Add the constraint that this integral is ≤ t.

- Minimize t subject to these constraints, along with the integral constraint and bounds on h.

This would be a convex optimization problem. 

But how to compute the cross-correlation integral for each shift k as a linear function of h?

For a discrete approximation, the integral ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx can be approximated as the sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) * dx, where x is in the grid points, and x + k is within [0, 2]. 

But how to compute this for each shift k?

For each shift k, we can compute for each grid point i, the value of h[i] * (1 - h[j]), where j is the index such that x_j = x_i + k. However, since k can be any real number, this is not straightforward. 

Alternatively, for each possible shift k that corresponds to a shift between grid points, we can compute the cross-correlation. For example, for each possible shift k = m*dx, where m is an integer, we can compute the cross-correlation. 

But this is getting complicated. 

Alternatively, for the discrete case, the cross-correlation for shift k can be computed as the sum over i of h[i] * (1 - h[j]), where j = i + m, and m is the shift in terms of the grid points. 

But this depends on how the shift is defined. 

Perhaps the previous code's approach of using np.correlate with mode 'full' is already approximating this. 

But given that the problem is convex, and assuming that the previous code's evaluation is correct, perhaps the best way is to use a convex optimization solver to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation integrals. 

But how to implement this in code? 

The previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. To use a convex solver, we need to model the problem as a convex optimization problem. 

For example, using CVXOPT's solvers. 

But how to express the constraints? 

Let me think. The problem is to minimize t subject to for all k, ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx ≤ t. 

But since the integral is over x, and h is a step function, this can be approximated as a linear function of h. 

For each shift k, the integral can be approximated as the sum over i of h[i] * (1 - h[j]) * dx, where j is the index such that x_j = x_i + k. 

But for each k, this sum depends on the shift. 

However, this is a linear function of h. For example, for a fixed k, the integral is sum_{i} h[i] * (1 - h[j]) * dx, where j is determined by k. 

But this is a quadratic function of h, since it involves h[i] * h[j]. 

Wait, this is a problem. Because the cross-correlation integral involves the product of h[i] and h[j], which makes it a quadratic function. Therefore, the constraints are quadratic, and the problem is not convex. 

This is a critical issue. The previous assumption that the problem is convex was incorrect. The cross-correlation integral is a quadratic function of h, making the problem non-convex. 

This means that the problem is a non-convex optimization problem, and thus, local minima may exist. 

This explains why the previous code uses a local optimization method like SLSQP. 

Given this, the previous approach is the way to go, but with improvements. 

So, to improve the previous code, perhaps the following steps:

1. Use a more effective local optimization method, such as L-BFGS-B or COBYLA, which might converge better.

2. Increase the number of initial guesses and diversify them to avoid local optima.

3. Adjust the optimization parameters, such as the tolerance and maximum iterations.

4. Use a better initial guess, perhaps based on known patterns or structures.

Another idea: the initial guess provided by initial_h_values might not be optimal. Perhaps generating a better initial guess by using a pattern that minimizes overlap. For example, a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged to minimize overlap when shifted. 

For example, if h is 1 in intervals of length 1/3, spaced out such that shifting by 1/3 would cause minimal overlap. However, this is just a guess. 

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 in intervals that are as spread out as possible. 

But without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to say. 

Another approach is to use a genetic algorithm, where each individual is a step function, and the fitness is the C5 value. The genetic algorithm would evolve the population over generations, selecting for lower C5 values. 

However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time budget might be challenging, but it's worth considering. 

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method and adjust parameters. 

Let me think about the previous code. It uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could help. Also, using a different optimization method like L-BFGS-B might be more effective. 

Additionally, the previous code generates multiple initial guesses, which is good. But maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. 

Another idea: instead of adding noise to the initial guess, use a more systematic way to generate diverse initial guesses, such as varying the positions of the steps. 

In summary, the plan is to modify the previous code to:

- Use a different optimization method (e.g., L-BFGS-B).

- Increase the number of initial guesses and diversify them.

- Adjust the optimization parameters for better convergence.

- Use a better initial guess if possible.

Now, let's think about implementing this. 

The previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Let's try using L-BFGS-B instead. 

Also, the constraints are sum(h) == target_sum, and 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1. 

The objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation integrals. 

So, the code would need to compute this maximum for each h. 

Another thing to note: the previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the cross-correlation for all shifts. However, for the integral, we need to consider only the shifts where the overlap is within the domain. But the code multiplies by dx, which might account for that. 

Assuming that the code's evaluation is correct, the main improvements are in the optimization process. 

So, modifying the previous code to use L-BFGS-B with tighter tolerances and more iterations. 

Also, increasing the number of initial guesses and using more diverse ones. 

Another idea: use the initial guess and then perform a grid search over possible perturbations, but this might not be feasible. 

In conclusion, the improved code would use a different optimization method, adjust parameters, and generate more diverse initial guesses to find a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time
from scipy.optimize import Bounds

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Use the provided initial guess
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    # Generate multiple initial guesses: original and random
    num_initial_guesses = 15  # Increased number for better exploration
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess.copy()]
    for _ in range(num_initial_guesses - 1):
        # Generate random initial guess with sum constraint
        random_guess = np.random.rand(n_points)
        random_guess /= np.sum(random_guess)
        random_guess *= target_sum
        initial_guesses.append(random_guess)
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    start_time = time.time()
    
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Perturb the guess with small noise
        noise = np.random.normal(0, 0.015, n_points)
        perturbed = guess + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function to minimize C5
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            max_corr = np.max(corr)
            return max_corr * dx
        
        # Bounds for each h[i]
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        
        # Constraints: sum(h) == target_sum
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        # Perform optimization with L-BFGS-B method
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 200, 'disp': False}
        )
        
        # Check if this result is better
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        # Check elapsed time
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```