<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous program used SLSQP with some initial guesses and perturbations, but it didn't reach the target. Let me think about how to improve this.

First, the previous approach used multiple initial guesses and perturbations, then optimized each with SLSQP. But maybe that's not enough. Let's consider the lessons mentioned. The first lesson says to use SLSQP with equality constraints, which the previous code already does. So that's already in place.

What else can be done? Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough, or the optimization isn't exploring the space effectively. Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (10) and perturbations. Perhaps a better approach is to use a more sophisticated initialization or a different optimization strategy.

Another idea: maybe the function to minimize is non-convex, so getting stuck in local minima is a problem. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization method would help, but with the time constraints, that might not be feasible. Alternatively, maybe using a different parameterization or a more efficient way to explore the search space.

Wait, the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, the challenge is to design h such that this maximum is as small as possible.

Another thought: perhaps using a more structured approach for h. For example, maybe using a piecewise constant function with certain symmetries or patterns. The initial guess is given with n=100 points. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a better approximation, but the user prefers smaller sequences (less than 1k samples). However, the previous code uses n=100, which is acceptable.

Wait, the previous code uses n_points = len(initial_guess), which is 100. Maybe trying with a different n_points? But the problem says to prefer smaller sequences. However, maybe the initial guess is not optimal for a certain n_points. But the user says to start from the current construction, which is n=100.

Alternatively, perhaps the previous approach of using multiple initial guesses and perturbations isn't sufficient. Maybe using a more systematic way to generate initial guesses, such as using a grid or other structured patterns.

Another idea: the overlap integral can be thought of as the maximum correlation between h and 1 - h shifted by different amounts. So, perhaps the problem is similar to designing a function that has low cross-correlation with itself, which is related to the concept of low autocorrelation sequences. In radar and communications, such sequences are used to minimize interference. Maybe techniques from those fields could be applied here.

In the previous code, the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation multiplied by dx. The optimization is done with SLSQP, but maybe there's a way to parameterize h more effectively. For example, using a Fourier-based approach or other transforms to model h.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm or other population-based optimization methods could explore the search space more effectively. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, perhaps a more efficient approach is needed.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses and perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or using different perturbation strategies could help. Also, the perturbation adds noise and scales to meet the sum constraint. Maybe using more sophisticated perturbations, like adding small variations in specific regions of h.

Another thing: the constraints are that the integral of h is 1, which is equivalent to sum(h) * dx = 1. The previous code enforces this with an equality constraint. Maybe the optimization is too sensitive to the initial guess, leading to local minima. Perhaps using a different optimization method, like COBYLA or another constrained optimizer, could help.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is suitable for equality constraints. Maybe the problem is that the objective function is not being minimized effectively. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlations. However, the maximum is a non-smooth function, which could make the optimization difficult. Perhaps using a different approach to approximate the maximum, like adding a penalty term for high values, but that might complicate things.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem. However, since the maximum is involved, it's non-convex. So that's not straightforward.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is over x in [0, 2], and the shift k can be any real number, but in the discretized case, the correlation is computed over the samples. However, the actual problem's k is continuous, so the discretization might not capture all possible shifts. But the code uses the full mode of np.correlate, which might not be the right approach. Wait, the problem says that the evaluation computes C5 as the maximum of the cross-correlation. But the actual integral over all k would be more complex. However, the code uses the discretized version, which is an approximation. Maybe the way the cross-correlation is computed is not accurate. For example, in the code, the cross-correlation is computed with mode 'full', which gives the correlation for all possible shifts. But perhaps the actual integral over k would require integrating over all possible shifts, not just the discrete ones. However, the problem states that the evaluation uses the discretized version, so we have to work with that.

So, given that, maybe the previous approach is correct in that aspect.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a single objective function that minimizes the maximum, perhaps using a multi-objective approach where we try to balance the different cross-correlation values. However, this might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. For example, precomputing all possible shifts and then taking the maximum. But the code already does that with np.correlate.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses and perturbations. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using different patterns such as periodic functions, or functions with specific structures that are known to have low cross-correlation.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might not be the best starting point. Perhaps generating a better initial guess based on some heuristic.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given, but maybe we can generate a better initial guess by using a known construction for low cross-correlation. For example, using a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged to minimize overlaps. However, designing such a function requires some knowledge of the problem.

Alternatively, perhaps using a random initial guess with a more structured approach. For example, generating a function that is 1 on intervals of length 1/5, spaced in a way to minimize overlaps. But this is speculative.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is a piecewise constant function with certain symmetries. For example, dividing the interval [0, 2] into equal parts and setting h to 1 or 0 in those parts. However, with the integral constraint, the number of 1s and 0s would need to be balanced.

But with n_points=100, maybe a more refined approach is needed. For example, using a function that has a certain periodicity or symmetry.

Alternatively, maybe using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 1/5, but shifted in a way that the overlaps are minimized. However, without knowing the exact structure, this is hard to implement.

Another approach: since the problem is similar to designing a function with low autocorrelation, perhaps using a Barker sequence or similar. However, Barker sequences are for binary sequences with low autocorrelation, but they are typically for sequences of length N where the autocorrelation is zero except at zero shift. However, the problem here is different, as it's about cross-correlation with 1 - h.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that is a combination of multiple such sequences.

But given the time constraints, maybe focusing on improving the existing approach is better.

Looking back at the previous code, the main issues might be:

1. The initial guesses are not diverse enough, leading to local minima.
2. The perturbation method might not be effective in exploring the search space.
3. The optimization might not be thorough enough, with limited iterations.

To address these, perhaps:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses, such as using different patterns (e.g., random, periodic, etc.).
- Use a more sophisticated optimization method, perhaps with multiple restarts or different parameter settings.
- Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for more thorough exploration.

Another idea: instead of using a single optimization run per initial guess, perhaps using a more global optimization strategy, like simulated annealing, but with the time constraints, that might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients and might escape local minima better. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is gradient-based.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=500). Maybe increasing the maxiter could help, but that would take more time. However, with the budget of 100 seconds, perhaps the code is already spending too much time on each optimization.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method that can handle the constraints better.

Another thought: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. Since the maximum is a non-differentiable function, the gradient-based methods like SLSQP might have trouble. Perhaps using a different approach to approximate the maximum, such as using a penalty function that penalizes high cross-correlation values.

But how to implement that? For example, the objective could be the sum of all cross-correlation values, but that would not directly minimize the maximum. Alternatively, using a logarithmic penalty or other functions to approximate the maximum.

Alternatively, perhaps using a multi-objective optimization where we try to minimize each cross-correlation value, but that's computationally expensive.

Another possible improvement: precompute all possible shifts and use a more efficient way to evaluate the maximum. However, the code already does this with np.correlate.

Hmm. Maybe the key is to improve the initial guesses. The initial guess provided might be suboptimal. Let's think: the initial_h_values are given, but perhaps generating a better initial guess by using a different approach. For example, using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 1/5, but arranged to minimize overlaps. However, without knowing the exact structure, this is challenging.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, with the total integral being 1. For example, if we divide [0, 2] into 5 intervals of length 0.4, then setting h to 1 on two of them and 0 on the others. But this is just a guess.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals spaced apart to minimize overlap. For example, if h is 1 on [0, 0.5], [1.0, 1.5], and 0 elsewhere, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint. However, this is just an example.

But how to generate such a function programmatically? Maybe using a random initial guess with certain patterns.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of multiple shifted versions of a base function. For example, a sine wave or other periodic function.

But again, without knowing the optimal structure, this is speculative.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is as uniform as possible. However, the integral constraint requires that the average value is 0.5. So, a uniform function would be h(x) = 0.5, which would give an overlap integral of 0.5 * 0.5 = 0.25 for any shift. But this is not possible because the integral of h(x) would be 1, and the overlap integral would be 0.25. However, this is a contradiction because if h(x) is 0.5 everywhere, then 1 - h(x) is also 0.5, and the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx would be 0.5 * 0.5 = 0.25. But this would mean that C5 is 0.25, which is better than the current record. However, this is impossible because the problem's current record is 0.38, so there must be a mistake here.

Wait, no. Wait, the integral of h(x) over [0, 2] is 1. If h(x) is 0.5 everywhere, then the integral would be 0.5 * 2 = 1, which satisfies the constraint. Then, for any shift k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx would be the integral of 0.5 * (1 - 0.5) dx = 0.5 * 0.5 * 2 = 0.5. Wait, that's 0.5. So why is the current record higher than that? That suggests that there's a mistake in my reasoning.

Ah, no! Because the overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. If h(x) is 0.5 everywhere, then 1 - h(x + k) is also 0.5. So the integral becomes 0.5 * 0.5 * 2 = 0.5. So the maximum over k would be 0.5. But the current record is 0.38, which is lower. So this suggests that there's a better function than the uniform one. Therefore, the uniform function is not optimal. Hence, the problem requires a more complex function.

So, the previous approach of using a uniform function isn't helpful. So, back to the drawing board.

Another idea: since the problem is similar to designing a function with low cross-correlation, perhaps using a function that is a combination of multiple shifted versions of a base function. For example, using a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged to minimize overlaps.

But how to implement this? For example, if we divide the interval [0, 2] into 5 equal parts, each of length 0.4, and set h(x) to 1 on two of them and 0 on the others. However, this would require that the total integral is 1. For example, if each interval has length 0.4, then the area under h would be 2 * 0.4 * 1 = 0.8, which is less than 1. So, to meet the integral constraint, perhaps scaling up the function. But this is getting complicated.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 1/5, but with overlaps minimized. However, without knowing the exact structure, this is hard to implement.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps using a function that has a certain symmetry. For example, a function that is symmetric around the midpoint of [0, 2], which is 1. This might help in balancing the overlaps.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to proceed.

Perhaps the best approach is to improve the existing code by generating more diverse initial guesses and using a more effective optimization method. Let's think about how to modify the previous code.

The previous code uses 10 initial guesses, which are the original and 9 random ones. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help, but with the time budget, it's a trade-off. Alternatively, using different types of initial guesses, such as periodic functions or other patterns.

Another idea: instead of adding random noise to the initial guesses, generate initial guesses based on different patterns. For example, create a function that is 1 on certain intervals, then perturb it. Or use a function that is a combination of sine waves.

But implementing this would require generating such functions, which might be complex.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method, which doesn't require gradients and can handle bounds. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is gradient-based. Maybe COBYLA could be more effective in some cases.

Another idea: using a different way to compute the objective function. For example, instead of using the full cross-correlation, compute the maximum over a subset of shifts. However, the problem states that the evaluation uses the full cross-correlation, so we have to follow that.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=500). Maybe increasing this number allows for better convergence, but it would take more time. However, with the time budget, perhaps it's worth trying.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. For example, using FFT-based convolution, which is faster. However, the current code uses np.correlate, which is already efficient for small n_points.

Another thought: the current code uses the same n_points as the initial guess (100). Maybe trying with a different n_points could yield better results. For example, using n_points=200, but the user prefers smaller sequences. However, the previous code uses n_points=100, which is acceptable.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a single optimization run per initial guess, use a more thorough optimization, such as multiple restarts with different perturbations.

Alternatively, using a different parameterization for h. For example, instead of representing h as a step function with samples, maybe using a different representation that allows for smoother optimization.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to generate more diverse initial guesses and use a more effective optimization method.

So, let's outline the changes:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses. Instead of 10, maybe generate more, or use different patterns.
2. Use a different optimization method, such as COBYLA or another constrained optimizer.
3. Adjust the optimization parameters, such as increasing maxiter or changing tolerances.
4. Use a more effective way to perturb the initial guesses, perhaps by adding structured noise or using different perturbation strategies.

Let's try implementing these ideas.

First, generating more diverse initial guesses. The previous code uses random guesses, but maybe adding some structured patterns. For example, creating a function that is 1 on certain intervals, then perturbing it.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 0.4, spaced in a way to minimize overlap. But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to implement.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on a single interval and 0 elsewhere, then perturbing it. But this might not be effective.

Another idea: use the initial guess and generate variations by shifting it or scaling it. For example, creating shifted versions of the initial guess.

But again, without knowing the optimal structure, this is speculative.

Perhaps the best approach is to increase the number of initial guesses and use different perturbation strategies. For example, instead of adding Gaussian noise, use a different type of perturbation, such as adding small variations in specific regions.

Alternatively, using a more systematic way to generate initial guesses, such as using a grid search over certain parameters.

But given time constraints, maybe the best is to modify the existing code to use more initial guesses and different perturbations.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of initial guesses, use a random restart approach where each iteration generates a new random guess and optimizes it. However, with the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients and can handle constraints. However, the previous code uses SLSQP.

So, modifying the code to use a different optimizer. Let's try using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a bounded optimization method. However, since the problem has an equality constraint, we need to include that.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method but with different parameters.

Another possible change: instead of using the same initial guesses for all optimizations, use a more effective way to generate them. For example, using a combination of random and structured initial guesses.

Putting this all together, here's a plan for the new code:

- Use the initial guess provided.
- Generate multiple initial guesses, including random ones and some structured patterns (e.g., periodic functions).
- For each initial guess, perform an optimization with a more effective method, such as SLSQP with increased maxiter or different tolerances.
- Use a more effective way to perturb the initial guesses, perhaps by adding structured noise or using different scaling.
- Track the best solution found within the time budget.

Implementing this, the code would look something like:

- Generate more initial guesses, including random and structured ones.
- Use SLSQP with higher maxiter and tighter tolerances.
- Perturb the initial guesses with different noise patterns.

But how to implement structured initial guesses? For example, creating a function that is 1 on certain intervals. However, without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to implement. So perhaps stick to random guesses but increase their number.

Another idea: instead of adding noise and scaling, use a different perturbation method. For example, for each initial guess, create a new guess by randomly setting some points to 0 or 1, then scaling to meet the sum constraint. This could generate more diverse initial guesses.

Alternatively, use a different way to generate random initial guesses, such as using a uniform distribution but ensuring that the sum is correct.

In the previous code, the random guesses are generated by taking a uniform distribution, normalizing, and scaling. This might not be the most effective way. Perhaps using a different distribution, such as a beta distribution, to generate more varied initial guesses.

But without knowing the optimal distribution, it's hard to say.

In conclusion, the main changes to the previous code would be:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses to explore more of the search space.
2. Use a different optimization method or adjust parameters for better convergence.
3. Use more effective perturbation strategies for initial guesses.

Now, translating this into code.

The previous code uses 10 initial guesses. Let's increase that to 20. Also, instead of adding Gaussian noise, perhaps use a different perturbation method, such as adding small random variations to some points.

Additionally, increase the maxiter in the optimization to allow for more thorough exploration.

Also, use a tighter ftol to get a better solution.

Another change: instead of using the same n_points as the initial guess, perhaps try with a different n_points. However, the user prefers smaller sequences, so n_points=100 is acceptable.

Putting it all together, the new code would look like:

- Generate more initial guesses (e.g., 20).
- Use a different perturbation method.
- Use SLSQP with higher maxiter and tighter tolerances.

Let me draft the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    # Generate diverse initial guesses: original, random, and structured patterns
    num_initial_guesses = 20
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess.copy()]
    
    # Random initial guesses
    for _ in range(num_initial_guesses - 1):
        random_guess = np.random.rand(n_points)
        random_guess /= np.sum(random_guess)
        random_guess *= target_sum
        initial_guesses.append(random_guess)
    
    # Structured initial guesses: periodic patterns
    for _ in range(3):
        structured = np.zeros(n_points)
        for i in range(n_points):
            structured[i] = 1 if (i % 5 == 0 or i % 5 == 1) else 0
        structured = structured * target_sum / np.sum(structured)
        initial_guesses.append(structured)
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    start_time = time.time()
    
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Perturb the guess with small noise and structured variations
        noise = np.random.normal(0, 0.05, n_points)
        perturbed = guess + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function to minimize C5
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            max_corr = np.max(corr)
            return max_corr * dx
        
        # Bounds for each h[i]
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        
        # Constraints: sum(h) == target_sum
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        # Perform optimization with tighter tolerances
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 800}
        )
        
        # Check if this result is better
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        # Check elapsed time
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```