<think>
Okay, let's try to figure out how to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The existing approach uses a gradient-based optimization with SLSQP, starting from some initial guess. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than that. 

Hmm, maybe the issue with the previous method is that it's getting stuck in local minima. The code runs multiple optimizations but still might not explore enough. Also, the function being minimized is the maximum of several correlations, which is non-convex and challenging. 

I need a different strategy. Maybe using a different optimization method or incorporating more intelligent search techniques. Let me think: perhaps using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing could help escape local optima. But given the time constraints, maybe a combination of local search with some global exploration would work.

Wait, another idea: the problem is similar to certain optimization problems in signal processing where you want to minimize the maximum cross-correlation. Maybe there's a way to model this as a more structured optimization problem. Alternatively, perhaps using a greedy approach where we iteratively adjust the function h to reduce the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, maybe using a different discretization. The current approach uses n_points = 45. What if we try a different number of points? But the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe 45 is okay. However, increasing n_points could give better accuracy but might take more time. But with the 100s budget, maybe not.

Wait, the initial code uses the initial_h_values, which is given. If that's a good starting point, perhaps we need to improve the optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP with multiple iterations. Maybe switching to a different optimization method, like COBYLA or another derivative-free method, might help. Or maybe a combination of methods.

Another thought: the objective function is the maximum over all shifted correlations. The maximum is taken over k, which in the discretized case would be all possible lags. But maybe we can relax the problem by considering that the maximum is over a subset of shifts, or use some kind of convex relaxation. However, since the problem is non-convex, convex relaxations might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a multi-objective approach where we try to minimize each of the correlations, but that's not directly applicable here since we need the worst-case scenario to be as small as possible.

Wait, another angle: the problem resembles a scheduling or packing problem. Maybe we can model h as a function that's 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, then arrange those intervals to minimize the overlap. This might lead to a more structured approach. For example, if h is a union of intervals with certain spacing, then the overlap would be minimized when these intervals are spread out.

But how to translate that into a numerical optimization? Perhaps using a piecewise constant function with a fixed number of segments. But the previous code uses a continuous function, which might be more flexible.

Alternatively, maybe using a binary search approach. Let's say we want to find the minimum possible C₅. We can try to find the minimal value such that there exists a function h with the given integral constraint and that for all shifts k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx is less than or equal to a target. However, solving this as an optimization problem might be too complex.

Back to the numerical optimization approach. The initial code uses SLSQP with multiple runs, but perhaps the constraints or the optimization method can be adjusted. For example, increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance. Also, maybe using a warm start with a different initial guess could help.

Another idea: instead of using the same initial guess for all optimizations, maybe perturb it slightly each time to explore different regions. The current code uses the same initial guess for each optimization run, which might lead to similar results each time. So, perhaps generating different initial points based on the current best could help.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient solver. The previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. What if we use a different solver, like L-BFGS-B, or even a genetic algorithm? However, genetic algorithms might be slower, but with the given time budget, perhaps it's feasible.

Wait, the user mentioned that the code should return a function that can be called with a seed and budget. So maybe the previous approach is too slow for the given budget. The code runs 3 optimizations, each with 500 iterations, but perhaps with some optimizations, like stopping early if the best solution is found, we can save time.

Another thing to consider: the evaluation of the objective function is computationally expensive because it involves a convolution. Maybe there's a way to compute the maximum correlation more efficiently, or to approximate it. However, the current code uses np.correlate, which is likely efficient.

Wait, in the previous code, the function is evaluated using the full mode of correlation, which gives all possible lags. The maximum of these is then multiplied by dx. However, for the problem, the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx for k in some range. But in the code, the full mode would include lags from -n_points+1 to n_points-1, but since h is defined on [0,2], some shifts might be out of bounds. Wait, maybe the code is handling it correctly, but perhaps we can limit the lags to those that are valid. For example, shifting by k in the range that would keep x +k within [0,2]. But I'm not sure if that's necessary. The code as written probably handles it with the full mode, but maybe it's overcomplicating things.

Alternatively, maybe the maximum occurs at specific lags, so we can precompute the lags that are most relevant and focus on them. But how to know which lags to focus on without prior knowledge?

Alternatively, perhaps the current code can be optimized by precomputing the correlation for each possible lag, but the current approach already does that.

Hmm. Let me think about the constraints. The problem requires that the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1. So, with n_points samples, the sum of h values multiplied by dx should be 1. The previous code enforces this with a constraint.

Another thought: maybe the current approach is too greedy in trying to minimize the maximum correlation. Maybe we can use a different objective function. For example, use a penalty method where we minimize the maximum correlation, but the previous approach directly optimizes the maximum.

Wait, the current objective is to minimize the maximum correlation. That's equivalent to finding the minimal C₅. However, the problem is that the maximum is a non-convex function, making it hard to optimize with standard methods.

Another idea: Maybe using an algorithm that specifically targets the maximum correlation. For example, if we can find a way to model the problem as a convex optimization with some approximation. But I'm not sure how to proceed with that.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method that can handle the non-convexity better. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can explore the search space more intelligently. But implementing that from scratch would be time-consuming.

Alternatively, maybe using a hybrid approach. Start with a better initial guess, then use a local optimization method. The initial guess is provided, but perhaps there's a way to generate a better one.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given. Suppose that initial_h_values is already a good starting point. Maybe the code can use that as the initial guess and then perform some perturbations to find a better solution.

Alternatively, maybe using a different starting point. For example, if the initial guess is a certain pattern, perhaps generating a different pattern and starting from there. For example, alternating between 1 and 0 in a certain way. But how to generate that algorithmically?

Another thought: the problem is similar to the problem of finding a function h with a certain integral such that its convolution with (1 - h) is minimized in the maximum sense. This is similar to finding a function with minimal "overlap" when shifted. 

In signal processing, minimizing the maximum cross-correlation is related to designing sequences with low autocorrelation. For example, in the case of binary sequences with certain properties, like those used in radar or communications. Perhaps there are known constructions for such sequences that can be adapted here. However, the problem here is more general because h is a real function between 0 and 1, not necessarily binary.

But if there's a known way to design such functions, maybe that can be used as a starting point. However, I'm not familiar with such constructions off the top of my head. So maybe that's not helpful.

Back to the code. The previous approach uses SLSQP with multiple iterations. But maybe using a different optimization method can help. For example, using a differential evolution method, which is a global optimization technique. But the problem is that differential evolution is computationally expensive, but perhaps with a small number of iterations and a good initial guess, it could work within the time budget.

Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach, which is another global optimization method. However, integrating that into the code would require more code, but perhaps it's manageable.

But given the time constraints, maybe it's better to try to optimize the existing approach. For example, increasing the number of iterations, adjusting the tolerance, or using a different solver.

Another point: the current code runs multiple optimizations with the same initial guess. Maybe instead of using the same initial guess each time, we can perturb it a bit and run multiple optimizations. For example, each time, take the current best solution and add a small random perturbation, then optimize from there. This could help escape local minima.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach where multiple different initial guesses are used, each time optimizing from a different starting point.

But implementing all that might take more code. However, considering the code must be concise, perhaps a better approach is to try different optimization strategies, such as using different solvers or methods.

Another idea: using a gradient-based method, but perhaps with a better initial guess. For instance, the initial guess could be improved by some heuristic, such as spreading the 1's in h more evenly. 

Looking back at the problem, the initial_h_values is provided. If that's a good starting point, then perhaps refining it with a better optimization method could help. For example, using the SLSQP method but with more aggressive parameter settings.

Alternatively, maybe using the L-BFGS-B method, which is suitable for bound-constrained problems. Let me check the parameters: the L-BFGS-B method might be faster and more efficient for this problem. 

Also, perhaps adjusting the constraints. The current code uses the sum constraint as an equality constraint. But maybe using a different approach for the constraints could help, such as using a penalty method. However, the code already uses the equality constraint correctly.

Wait, the objective function is the maximum of all the correlations. But the maximum can change based on the shifts. So, the function we're trying to minimize is the maximum over all these integrals. But how can we model this in an optimization problem?

Another thought: maybe the maximum occurs at a specific lag, so we can try to minimize that particular lag. For example, if we can find a lag where the correlation is maximized and focus on minimizing that. However, without knowing which lag that is, this approach might not work.

Alternatively, perhaps using a numerical method to approximate the maximum. For example, evaluating the correlations for a subset of lags and taking the maximum of those. But again, without prior knowledge, this is tricky.

Hmm. Perhaps the key is to find a better initial guess. If the initial_h_values is not the best possible, generating a better starting point might lead to a better result.

But how to generate a better initial guess? For example, using a greedy approach: spread the 1's in h as evenly as possible, ensuring that the overlap with shifted versions is minimized. 

For instance, if we model h as a function that is 1 in some intervals and 0 otherwise, then placing these intervals as evenly spaced as possible might minimize the overlap. But how to translate that into a numerical function.

For example, if we have m intervals where h is 1, then spreading them evenly over [0,2] would mean placing each interval at positions 2/m * i, for i=0,...,m-1. However, since the integral of h is 1, the total length of the intervals would need to be 1. So if each interval has length l, then m*l = 1, so l = 1/m. But this is just a thought, and the actual shape might not be intervals but more complex.

Alternatively, using a simple periodic function, like a square wave with certain parameters, but ensuring that the integral is 1.

But building a function like that might be complicated, but maybe we can generate it algorithmically. For example, for an initial guess, create a function that alternates between 1 and 0 with certain spacing. However, the exact parameters would need to be chosen to meet the integral constraint.

But given that the initial guess is provided, maybe the best approach is to improve the optimization method. Let's think about the existing code again.

The current code runs three optimizations, each with 500 iterations. But maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a more accurate optimiser would help. Also, using a better initial guess.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where we first perform a global search with a simpler method and then refine with SLSQP. But again, this might take more code.

Alternatively, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which is a derivative-free optimization algorithm. However, it might be less effective for this problem, but could be worth trying.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses the same initial guess for all iterations. Maybe varying the initial guess by adding some noise or using a different perturbation could help. For example, in each optimization run, take the previous best solution and add some random noise to it, then optimize from there.

But how to implement that in code? Well, the code could generate a random perturbation of the current best solution and use that as the new initial guess for the next optimization run. However, this would require more code and might require careful tuning.

Considering the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method or to implement a more robust multi-start strategy.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code is using scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe switching to a different method, like L-BFGS-B, which is suitable for bound-constrained problems. However, the problem here is that the objective function is a maximum of several terms, which is non-convex, but L-BFGS-B can handle that.

Wait, but L-BFGS-B requires the objective function to be differentiable, and the maximum of several terms is not differentiable everywhere. However, scipy's minimize might handle it by approximating the derivative.

Alternatively, perhaps using a method like COBYLA which handles bounds and constraints without requiring gradients, but is it suitable for non-convex problems?

In the previous code, the objective function is defined as the maximum of the correlations. To compute the gradient, perhaps using automatic differentiation. However, with the current code, the objective function is computed as the maximum of several values, which may not have a gradient where multiple values are equal. This could cause issues in the optimization process.

So maybe using a different approach for the objective function. For example, instead of taking the maximum, we can use a penalty method where we minimize the sum of the squares of the correlations, but that might not directly target the maximum. However, it's possible that minimizing the sum could be a way to approach the problem.

Alternatively, perhaps we can use a convex relaxation by minimizing the maximum correlation. However, that's not straightforward.

Wait, another idea: since the maximum over the correlations is the value we want to minimize, maybe we can use a dual approach. For example, find the minimum value C such that the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx ≤ C for all k. This is a constrained optimization problem where we want to find the minimal C and a corresponding h that satisfies the constraints.

This would be a convex problem if we can model it appropriately, but the problem is that the constraint for each k is a non-linear equality. However, if we can find a way to relax the constraints or find an optimal strategy for the worst-case k, maybe we can use a more efficient approach.

But this seems quite involved and might not be feasible to implement quickly.

Back to the code. What if we use a different solver that can handle the non-convexity better? For example, using the SLSQP method but with a different set of options. Let me check the parameters in the code: the current options are {'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-8}. Maybe reducing the maxiter or adjusting ftol could help.

Alternatively, trying a different method, like 'Nelder-Mead', but that might be slower.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum correlation, maybe we can use a binary search on the value of C. For a given C, check if there exists a function h with the given integral constraint such that for all k, the integral is ≤ C. If this check can be done efficiently, then we can perform a binary search to find the minimal possible C. However, the check itself is a constrained optimization problem, which might be computationally expensive. 

But if we can model the check as a convex optimization problem, it might be possible. However, I'm not sure how to proceed with that.

Alternatively, perhaps using a global optimization library like Pyomo or others, but that might not be available.

Hmm. Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to try modifying the existing code to use a different optimization method or adjust the parameters. Let's think: using the L-BFGS-B method with bounds, which might be more efficient. Also, since the problem is to minimize the maximum, which is a non-smooth function, the gradient might not be precise, but the L-BFGS-B method requires a gradient. 

Wait, the objective function as defined is the maximum of the correlations, which is a non-differentiable function. However, in practice, scipy.optimize might approximate the gradient with finite differences. But this could lead to suboptimal results. 

Alternatively, we can compute the gradient explicitly. For example, the gradient of the maximum over a set of functions can be the gradient of the function that is currently at the maximum. However, this requires tracking which lag gives the maximum correlation during the optimization process, which could be computationally intensive.

Alternatively, if we can compute the gradient for each lag and take the maximum, but that might not be feasible in real-time.

This seems complicated, so maybe it's better to keep the existing approach but make some adjustments. For example, increasing the number of iterations or trying different solvers.

Another idea: using the SLSQP method but with a different initial guess. For instance, using a different initial guess, like a random sample, then optimizing. But the initial_h_values is provided, so maybe we can use that.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess that's generated by some heuristic, like a more uniform distribution of 1's and 0's. For example, if we have a certain number of intervals where the function is 1, distributed evenly over [0,2]. However, generating such a function algorithmically would require some calculation.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to modify the code to use a different optimization method, like L-BFGS-B, and see if that improves the results.

Alternatively, trying to use the 'SLSQP' method but with a different tolerance and more iterations. Let me think about the parameters in the code. The current code runs up to 500 iterations for each optimization run. Maybe increasing the maxiter could help, but that would take more time. Alternatively, using a lower ftol and eps to get a more precise solution.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum, perhaps using a multiobjective optimization where we try to minimize each of the correlations. But again, that's not straightforward.

Alternatively, use a random search approach where we generate random functions h that satisfy the integral constraint and evaluate the C₅. However, this might not be efficient enough within the given time.

Hmm. Given that the previous code achieved a C₅ of 0.384565 and the target is 0.380876, we need to find ways to improve it further. One possible way is to find a better initial guess. For example, if the initial_h_values is not the best possible, but the code is starting from it, maybe generating a different initial guess could help.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a function that has a certain symmetry. For example, a function h that is symmetric around 1, or has periodic properties. This might help in balancing the overlaps.

Alternatively, using a function that is piecewise linear or has other structured properties to reduce the maximum overlap.

But again, without knowing the specific structure, this is speculative.

Perhaps trying a different approach altogether. What if we use a genetic algorithm to evolve the h function over several generations? The genetic algorithm would randomly generate h functions, evaluate their C₅, and select the best ones to evolve. This could potentially explore the search space more thoroughly and find a better solution.

Implementing a genetic algorithm would require defining a population of h functions, a fitness function (which is the C₅ value), and operators for mutation and crossover. However, this would require more code and could be computationally intensive, but within the given time budget, it might be possible.

However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch might be time-consuming, but given the previous code is using some optimization methods, perhaps we can integrate this idea.

But for the purposes of this task, perhaps the best approach is to try modifying the existing code. Let's consider using a different optimizer, such as the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which might be more efficient.

Let me think about the previous code's lines. The code uses optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Changing the method to 'L-BFGS-B' might be an improvement. Let's try that.

Another point: the initial code uses the same initial guess for each optimization run. Maybe varying the initial guess by adding some noise could help find better solutions.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess based on the current best solution each time.

But given the time constraints, I need to modify the existing code to try a different approach. Let's think of implementing a genetic algorithm.

Alternatively, using a simplified version of the previous code but with more optimization iterations.

Let me think about the code structure. Here's what the code currently does:

- Takes initial_h_values.
- Defines the objective function as the maximum of the correlations.
- Uses SLSQP with constraints.
- Runs multiple optimizations with the same initial guess.

The problem might be that the initial guess is not good enough, leading to local minima. So, perhaps generating a few different initial guesses, such as using random perturbations of the initial_h_values, and then optimizing each with SLSQP.

But how to implement that within the code?

Alternatively, using the existing initial_h_values and then adding some random noise to it to create variations, then optimizing from there.

Alternatively, using a simple hill-climbing method where we take the current solution and perturb it slightly, then evaluate if it's better. If it is, keep it. However, this might not be efficient enough.

But for the code, perhaps adding a few more optimization runs with perturbed initial guesses.

Another idea: use the current best solution as the initial guess for the next optimization, but with a small random perturbation. This would allow for more exploration of the search space.

So, modifying the code to do this:

- After each optimization run, if a better solution is found, perturb it with some small random noise (within a small epsilon, say 0.1) and use this as the new initial guess for the next optimization.

This would allow the optimization to explore nearby regions of the solution space, potentially escaping local minima.

Let me try to code this in the existing structure.

So, in the loop where the optimization runs, after finding a better solution, add a small random perturbation to the initial_guess. This way, the next optimization starts from slightly different points.

Also, using the L-BFGS-B method might be better for this problem.

Another point: the current code uses the full mode for correlation, which includes all lags. However, the maximum correlation might be for specific lags, such as lags corresponding to the shifts that cause the most overlap. For example, shifting by 1 or 2 units. Perhaps we can limit the lags to a subset, like those that are most relevant, to speed up the calculation and focus the optimization on the most important cases.

But how to know which lags are relevant?

Alternatively, precomputing the shifts that are important. For example, in the current code, with n_points = 45, the maximum lag would be 44. However, in practice, the most significant overlaps might occur for shifts that are small. For example, shifting by k = 1 or k = 2. However, this is a guess.

If we can limit the computation of the correlation to only certain shifts, it would reduce the evaluation time. For example, only considering shifts where k is between 1 and 10, or similar. This would make the evaluation faster and allow for more iterations.

But this might not be correct, as the maximum could be for larger shifts. However, for the sake of time, maybe it's worth trying.

But how to modify the code to do that? Well, the current code computes the full correlation, which is expensive. If we can modify the objective function to consider only certain shifts, it might save computation time.

Alternatively, if the maximum is often found for small shifts, then focusing on those could be effective.

Another idea: the overlap integral for a given shift k is ∫₀^{2} h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. If k is such that x +k stays within [0, 2], then this integral is evaluated over the overlap between the intervals. Otherwise, the integral is split into parts. However, calculating this for all k might not be necessary. Perhaps the maximum occurs for certain values of k.

But without knowing which k, this is difficult. 

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best path is to try modifying the existing code to use a different optimization method and add more exploration, like perturbations.

So, here's a plan:

1. Use the L-BFGS-B method instead of SLSQP.
2. Use a different initial guess each time by perturbing the current best solution.
3. Increase the number of iterations for each optimization run.
4. Add a small random perturbation to the initial guess each time.

This should allow for exploring different parts of the solution space and potentially finding a better solution.

Now, translating this into code.

The previous code used SLSQP. Changing to 'L-BFGS-B' in the minimize method. Also, adding a perturbation step.

Let me think about how to implement this. The code would:

- After each successful optimization run, perturb the best_h with a small random noise.
- Use this perturbed version as the new initial guess for the next optimization run.

This would spread the search across different regions.

Also, using a lower maxiter but more iterations of the loop, or adjusting the parameters.

But I need to consider the time budget. With 100 seconds, and each optimization run taking some time, I need to balance between the number of runs and the iterations per run.

Another idea: trying to find a better initial guess by creating a function that has more evenly distributed 1's. For example, if the initial_h_values is not well spread out, perhaps creating a better one.

But since the initial_h_values is provided, unless we can improve it, it's hard to say.

Another thing to note is that the previous code uses the initial_h_values and then perturbs them. So perhaps the initial guess is already a decent one, but the optimization is not sufficient.

Putting all this together, the modified code would:

- Use the L-BFGS-B method.
- Perturb the initial guess after each successful optimization.
- Run multiple optimization steps.
- Use a lower tolerance to find a more precise solution.

Now, let's try to code this into the previous framework.

The key changes would be:

- Replace the method with 'L-BFGS-B'.
- Add a perturbation step after finding a better solution.
- Adjust the options for the optimizer.

So, the modified code would look something like this:

import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Assume initial_h_values is a global variable if available
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    for _ in range(5):  # More optimization runs
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Perturb the initial guess
        np.random.seed(seed + _)  # Ensure reproducibility
        perturbation = np.random.uniform(-0.1, 0.1, n_points)
        perturbed_guess = best_h + perturbation
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(perturbed_guess, 0.0, 1.0)
        
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                initial_guess = best_h  # Use updated guess
        time.sleep(0.1)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

This code uses the L-BFGS-B method, perturbs the initial guess each time, and runs more iterations. This could explore different regions of the solution space. Also, the number of optimization runs is increased to 5, which might help.

However, there are a few considerations:

- The perturbation might be too large or too small. A perturbation of ±0.1 could be significant, but if the optimal solution is in that vicinity, it may help.
- The L-BFGS-B method is for bounded problems, which fits since h_values are between 0 and 1.
- The options for the optimizer are adjusted for better convergence.

Another possible improvement is to use a different seed for each perturbation to ensure that the randomness is different each time. This could help explore different areas.

In addition, using more iterations per optimization run might be beneficial, but the code has a limited time budget, so it's a trade-off.

Testing this approach might lead to a better solution, as the L-BFGS-B method could converge faster to a better solution and the perturbations help avoid local optima.

Another consideration: the correlation is evaluated for all lags, but this is computationally expensive. Perhaps limiting the lags to a certain range, but since the current code is already handling the full mode, that's probably correctly done.

Given these considerations, I'll proceed to implement this modified approach in the code, using the L-BFGS-B method, adding perturbations, and increasing the number of optimization runs.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    for _ in range(5):  # Multi-start optimization
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        np.random.seed(seed + _)  # Seed for reproducibility
        perturbation = np.random.uniform(-0.05, 0.05, n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturbation, 0.0, 1.0)
        
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 50, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                initial_guess = best_h
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```