<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The previous approach used an initial guess and then optimized with SLSQP. But maybe there's a better way.

First, I should understand the problem again. We need a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, and we want to minimize the maximum overlap integral when shifted by any k. The overlap integral is max_k ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. So the idea is to design h such that when you shift it by any k, the overlap is as small as possible.

The previous code used scipy's minimize with SLSQP. However, that might get stuck in local minima. Maybe a better approach is needed. Let me think about possible strategies.

One idea is to use a more global optimization method, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, which can escape local optima. Alternatively, using a better initial guess. Wait, but the question allows using different starting points. Maybe constructing a better initial guess would help.

Another thought: the problem resembles a covering problem. The function h should be as spread out as possible to minimize overlaps. For example, if h is concentrated in regions that don't overlap much when shifted. But how to formalize that?

Maybe considering the optimal function has certain symmetry or periodicity. For instance, if h is designed with periodic patterns that repeat every certain interval. Or maybe using a non-uniform spacing of the steps.

Wait, the current initial_h_values has n=70 points. Maybe trying a larger n could help, but the problem mentions that smaller sequences are preferred, so perhaps using n=200 or something, but keeping it under 1k samples. But the time budget is 100s. Also, the current code uses an initial guess, but maybe generating a better initial guess could lead to better results.

Alternatively, perhaps the previous method is too slow or not effective. Maybe using a different optimization approach, such as a gradient-based method with better tuning. Or using a Bayesian optimization approach to search the parameter space more efficiently.

Another angle: the overlap integral is the same as the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum, maybe we need to balance the integral over all k. This is similar to a maximum of convolutions. So maybe we can model this as a problem where the function h should be designed to have low convolution with (1 - h) for any shift.

Alternatively, think of it as an optimization problem where the objective is to minimize the maximum over k of the convolution of h and (1 - h) evaluated at k. But how to model that?

Maybe using a different method like gradient descent with constraints. However, the current approach is using SLSQP which might not be the best. Maybe using a different solver, like a quadratic programming approach.

Alternatively, consider that the integral for each k can be approximated with the discrete sum, and then we need to minimize the maximum over k. So perhaps we can model this as a minimax problem. However, solving such a problem with gradient-based methods can be challenging.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is the same as the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)), maybe we can think of this as the integral of h(x) minus the integral of h(x)h(x + k). So the overlap integral is the integral of h(x) times (1 - h(x + k)) dx. But since the integral of h(x) is 1, and the overlap is integrating over all x, then for each k, it's 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Wait, that's interesting. Because ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x +k )) dx = ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x +k ) dx = 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k ) dx. Therefore, the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum over k of (1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k ) dx). Which is the same as maximizing the minimum over k of ∫ h(x)h(x +k ) dx. So, our goal is to maximize the minimal value of the integral of h(x)h(x +k ) over k. Which might be easier to think about.

But how does that help? Maybe designing h so that for all k, the integral of h(x)h(x +k ) is as large as possible. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, considering that for each shift k, the integral ∫ h(x)h(x +k ) dx is the correlation between h and itself shifted by k. So, the problem becomes maximizing the minimal correlation of h with itself shifted by any k. But I'm not sure how to use that.

Perhaps the optimal h is a function that is periodic and has low self-correlation. But how to design such a function?

Maybe the initial guess can be improved. The previous code used initial_h_values, which is given as an initial construction. Maybe that construction isn't optimal. So perhaps generating a better initial guess.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to the problem of designing a function with minimal maximum overlap, maybe using a construction that splits the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 0 or 1, but arranged in such a way that the overlaps are minimized.

Another approach is to use a ternary or higher base representation, perhaps with points arranged in a specific pattern. For example, if the function h is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, then the overlaps can be controlled by the spacing between the intervals.

But since h must be a step function, perhaps using a binary or ternary step function with certain spacing. For example, having h be 1 in intervals of a certain length and 0 elsewhere, arranged to minimize overlaps when shifted.

But how to determine those intervals? That's a design problem.

Alternatively, think of it as a covering problem where the measure of the overlap between h and its shifted version is minimized. This might be similar to the problem of designing a set of points with minimal overlap when shifted.

But how to translate that into a practical algorithm?

Maybe a better approach is to use a genetic algorithm. For example, creating a population of step functions, evaluating their C5 value, and evolving them. However, implementing a genetic algorithm would require more code and might be time-consuming, but given the time budget, perhaps it's feasible.

Alternatively, use a more sophisticated optimization method. For example, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach, which can handle the constraints and explore the search space more effectively than SLSQP.

But given that the current code uses SLSQP and the time is limited, perhaps improving the optimization parameters or the initial guess could help.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = len(initial_h_values)), which is 70. Maybe trying different n_points, like 100 or 200, could yield better results. However, the problem says smaller sequences are preferred, so perhaps using a smaller n_points is better. However, with smaller n_points, the approximation may not be as accurate, leading to higher C5 values. So there's a trade-off.

Alternatively, maybe trying to use a different discretization, such as using more points in certain regions where the function changes rapidly. But how to do that algorithmically?

Another thought: the problem has a symmetry. Since the interval is [0, 2], perhaps designing the function in a way that it's symmetric around 1, or follows some other symmetric pattern.

But I'm not sure. Let me think about how to construct h.

If h is designed to have support on a set of intervals that are spaced in such a way that when shifted by any k, the overlap with the original h is minimized. For example, if the h is 1 on intervals that are spaced so that their shifted versions don't overlap much. However, since the integral of h must be 1, the total length of the intervals where h is 1 must be such that their measure multiplied by 1 (since h is 0 or 1) equals 1. Wait, the integral over [0, 2] of h(x) dx is 1, so the total length of intervals where h is 1 must be exactly 1. Because the integral is the measure of the set where h is 1.

Wait, because h(x) is a step function, so for the integral of h(x) over [0,2] being 1, the total length of the regions where h(x) is 1 must be 1. So, the problem reduces to finding a set of intervals (or a binary step function) with total length 1, and arranged such that the maximum overlap when shifted by any k is minimized.

So, maybe the problem can be transformed into finding intervals of length 1 in [0,2], arranged optimally to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted.

But this is a more abstract formulation. How to translate this into a practical algorithm?

For example, suppose the intervals are placed as evenly spaced as possible. But how to model this?

Another approach: the maximum overlap when shifting h by k is equivalent to the maximum over all k of the measure of the intersection between the set where h(x) is 1 and the set where h(x + k) is 1. Because when you integrate h(x) * (1 - h(x +k )), this is equal to the measure of x where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k ) is 0. Which is the same as the measure of x in [0, 2 -k ] where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k ) is 0. But since the function is defined on [0,2], when k is such that x +k is still in [0,2], which depends on k. So this is getting complicated.

Alternatively, thinking of the overlap integral as the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k )) dx. This can be split into regions where x is in [0, 2 -k ] because beyond that, x +k would exceed 2.

But perhaps another way: for each k, the integral can be viewed as the measure of x where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k ) is 0. So the maximum over k of this measure.

So our goal is to choose a set of intervals (with total length 1) such that the maximum measure of x where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k ) is 0, for any k, is minimized.

This seems like a covering problem. How to arrange the intervals to minimize the worst-case overlap.

But how to model this? It's a challenging optimization problem.

Given that the previous approach uses a continuous optimization on the h vector, perhaps trying to improve that approach by using different optimization parameters, or adding more constraints, or changing the optimization method.

Another idea: since the current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimization method, perhaps using a more global method. But how?

Alternatively, using multiple starting points, each with different initial guesses. For example, generating multiple initial guesses and optimizing them all, then taking the best result. But this could be time-consuming.

Another option is to use a different optimization library that can handle more complex scenarios. For example, using COBYLA or other methods that handle constraints better. Or using a local search with random restarts.

But how to implement this in the given code structure?

Alternatively, trying to use a different initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might not be the best. For example, maybe generating a better initial guess by creating a function that partitions the interval into equal-length intervals and then adjusting their positions to minimize the overlap.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given, but how were they constructed? If the provided initial_h_values is a known construction, maybe we can improve it by adjusting the positions.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess can be generated by distributing the 1's in the function as evenly as possible. For example, splitting the interval [0, 2] into n equal segments, and setting h to 1 in certain segments to total length 1. However, this is a rough idea.

But how to generate such an initial guess algorithmically?

Alternatively, consider a ternary approach where the function is 1 in certain intervals, and 0 elsewhere. For example, arranging the intervals so that they are as spread out as possible. For example, if the total length is 1, then the optimal arrangement would be placing them at equal distances. But with varying spacing.

But this is similar to the concept of a "greedy" algorithm for placing points to minimize overlap. However, how to translate this into code?

Alternatively, using a randomized approach. Generate a set of intervals with total length 1, and then optimize their positions and lengths to minimize the maximum overlap.

But again, integrating this into code is non-trivial.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the current code's optimization. For example, using a different optimization method, adjusting the parameters, or using a more efficient implementation.

Another thing to note: the current code uses the 'SLSQP' method with maxiter=100. Maybe increasing the maxiter would give better results, but the time budget is limited. Or changing the method to something else like 'L-BFGS-B' which can handle bounds.

Alternatively, implementing a gradient-based method with careful handling of the constraints.

Another idea: the integral is computed using the discrete correlation, which may have errors depending on the discretization. Maybe using a more accurate approximation of the integral by increasing the number of points. However, the problem suggests that smaller sequences are preferred, but if the current code uses n=70, perhaps increasing n could help. However, with n=70, the code might not have enough resolution to find a good solution. But given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to keep n=70 and optimize the parameters.

Alternatively, using a different initialization for h. For example, starting with a random initial guess that satisfies the constraints. But how to generate that?

Another idea: The current code uses the initial_h_values. Maybe generating a better initial guess by spreading out the 1's as much as possible. For instance, placing them in intervals that are evenly spaced. For example, if the length of the function is 1, then each segment is spaced with certain gaps. Let me think: if the function is made up of m intervals of length l, spaced such that their total length is m*l = 1. Then the spacing between intervals should be such that when shifted by any k, the overlap is minimized.

But how to model this. Perhaps arranging the intervals in a way that they are spread as evenly as possible over [0, 2].

For example, dividing the interval [0, 2] into m+1 equal segments, and placing the intervals between the segments. But this is getting complicated.

Alternatively, using a random initialization where the function is 1 in some intervals selected randomly, ensuring the total length is 1, and then optimizing from there. This might help escape local optima.

But implementing this would require generating such an initial guess. However, the initial_h_values is already provided. So maybe trying to improve it by using different techniques.

Another thing: perhaps the objective function can be approximated differently. The current code uses np.correlate which is a full convolution. But maybe the evaluation is incorrect. Wait, the problem says that the evaluation computes the max of the correlation of h with 1 - h. So for each shift k, the integral is computed as the correlation.

But when using numpy.correlate with mode='full', the result for a shift k is the value at position k + n_points - 1. So the maximum of these values multiplied by dx gives the C5 value.

But perhaps the way the correlations are calculated can be optimized. For example, using the convolution theorem to compute the correlations more efficiently. However, this may not be feasible within the time constraints.

Alternatively, using a different objective function that is more accurately approximated. But it's unclear.

Taking a step back, perhaps the problem is that the previous code's optimization is not efficient enough to find a good solution. Maybe a better approach is to use a different optimization method, such as Bayesian optimization, which can better explore the search space.

But implementing Bayesian optimization with the given constraints requires more code.

Alternatively, using a simulated annealing approach. This method starts with a random initial guess and then explores the solution space by making random changes, accepting worse solutions with a certain probability that decreases over time. This could help escape local minima. However, implementing this in Python with the given time constraints is possible, but may be complex.

Another idea: since the integral is sensitive to the shape of the function, perhaps using a penalized optimization approach where the objective function includes the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k )) dx for all k, and minimizing the maximum. However, this is challenging.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to try improving the existing code by adjusting the optimization parameters and possibly changing the optimization method.

For example, trying the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a bounded optimization method. Or using the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which is derivative-free. However, these methods may not be suitable for the constraints.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method but with more iterations and tighter tolerances.

Another possible improvement is to use the constraints more effectively. For example, adding bounds to the constraints to guide the optimization.

Alternatively, using a random search approach where multiple random initial guesses are tried, and the best one is selected. This could find a better solution, but it's time-consuming.

Given the time budget, perhaps the best option is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, increase the max iterations, or use a better initial guess. For example, generating a better initial guess by creating a step function that spreads out the 1s as much as possible.

Let me think about how to create such an initial guess. Suppose we divide [0, 2] into m intervals, each of length 1/m, and distribute them such that they are spread out. However, this requires some algorithmic approach.

For example, if the function h has support on n segments, then the total length of those segments is 1. If we arrange these segments in a way that they are spaced apart. For instance, placing each segment at positions where they don't overlap when shifted.

But how to generate this algorithmically?

Alternatively, consider a set of points where the function is 1 in intervals that are periodically spaced. For example, placing the intervals every 0.5 units. But this may not work since the total length is 1. Or perhaps using a pattern that covers parts of the interval to total length 1.

But given time constraints, perhaps it's better to proceed with the existing code and make adjustments. For example, changing the method to 'L-BFGS-B', increasing the maxiter, and using a better initial guess.

Alternatively, trying to use the initial_h_values and applying some transformations to it, such as shifting or stretching, to create a better initial guess.

Another possibility is to use a different initial guess, like an initial function that is 1 on a single interval of length 1, which is the worst case for overlap. But that's probably not useful.

Alternatively, the initial guess could be designed to have multiple segments spread out. For example, splitting the interval into several parts and putting h=1 in each.

But without knowing the exact structure of the initial_h_values, I can't be sure. However, the problem says that the initial_h_values is provided and we can use it directly.

Given that, maybe the previous code is stuck in a local minimum. To avoid that, perhaps using a different initial guess could help. For example, generating a new initial guess by distributing the 1's evenly.

How to generate a new initial guess algorithmically? For example, choosing positions where the function is 1 in certain points. Suppose we have n_points = 70, and the total length of the h function is 1. So, the integral is 1, which implies that the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h is 1 is 1. But since the function is a step function, each point h[i] is 0 or 1. So the sum of h[i] * dx must be 1. For example, if we have m intervals of length dx, then the total length is m*dx. So m = 1/dx. But dx is 2/n_points. Therefore, the number of 1s in the h array should be (n_points/2), since sum(h) * dx = 1 => sum(h) = n_points/2.

Ah! Because the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is sum(h) * dx = 1. Therefore, sum(h) must be equal to n_points/2, since dx = 2 / n_points. Therefore, for the initial_h_values, the sum of the h values is exactly n_points / 2.

So the initial guess has sum(h) = n_points / 2. Therefore, for the current setup, if I have n_points = 70, then sum(h) = 35.

So, to generate a new initial guess, perhaps arranging the h values as 1 in certain positions to spread out the 1s.

For example, placing the 1s in such a way that the function is 1 for exactly 35 points, spread out as far as possible. This could be done by assigning 1 to every other position, but that might not be optimal.

But how to spread them out algorithmically? For example, using a sine wave pattern or something similar.

Alternatively, using a greedy approach where we distribute the 1s as evenly as possible. For example, placing a 1 every (n_points / 2) positions, but this is just a rough idea.

Alternatively, using a random sampling approach where positions are selected randomly, ensuring that the sum of h is 35. However, this could be computationally intensive.

But given that the initial_h_values is provided and may already be a decent starting point, perhaps the best approach is to try different optimization methods and parameters, and see if that leads to a better result.

One possible change is to use a different solver, such as 'COBYLA', which is suitable for bounded problems. Also, increasing the maxiter and adjusting the tolerance could help.

Additionally, using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the necessary values to avoid redundant computations during optimization.

Another thing to note: the current code uses numpy.correlate, which may not be the most efficient way to compute the required overlap. Perhaps using a more efficient method, like using the FFT-based convolution, but this may not be necessary.

Another idea: since the objective function is the maximum over all k of the correlation, perhaps we can focus the optimization on the most sensitive k values. However, this requires knowing which k's are most likely to be the maximum, which may not be feasible.

In conclusion, to improve the previous approach, I can try:

1. Using a different optimization method, like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B.
2. Increasing the number of iterations and tightening the convergence tolerance.
3. Using a better initial guess, possibly generated by a different algorithm.
4. Adjusting the parameters of the optimization to avoid local minima.

But implementing these changes in code.

Let me think about modifying the previous code. The previous code uses SLSQP. Let's try switching to COBYLA, which is another method in scipy.optimize.

Another thing to consider is the time budget. If the previous code takes too long, then using a method that converges faster might be better. However, with the given time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps it's feasible to run more iterations.

Another adjustment: using the initial_h_values as the starting point but applying some transformation to it. For example, randomly perturbing the values to escape local minima.

But given that the problem requires returning the best solution found, perhaps the best approach is to implement these changes.

So, modifying the code to use a different optimization method, perhaps COBYLA, and adjusting the options.

Another possibility is to use a different solver from Cvxpy, but the problem states to use scipy, numpy, etc.

Wait, the problem allows the use of various solvers like CVXOPT, etc., but the previous code uses scipy's minimize. So maybe using a different solver from these options could be beneficial.

However, using Cvxpy requires defining the problem in a different way. For example, formulating it as a convex optimization problem. But the problem is not convex, as the objective is to minimize the maximum of a series of non-convex functions. Therefore, it's unlikely to be convex.

Thus, returning to scipy.optimize, perhaps using a different method.

So, modifying the previous code:

Changing the method to 'COBYLA' or 'L-BFGS-B'. For example:

options = {'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'disp': False}

And using method='L-BFGS-B'.

But also, the constraints are equality constraints, which L-BFGS-B can handle.

Another thing to consider is that the bounds are (0.0, 1.0) for each h[i], so the L-BFGS-B method should work.

So, updating the code accordingly.

Moreover, perhaps increasing the maxiter to 200 or 300.

Also, trying to set different initial guesses, such as using a random initial guess with the sum(h) = n_points/2. This could be achieved by randomly choosing positions to set h[i] = 1, ensuring that the total is n_points/2. But how to generate that.

But if the initial_h_values is available, perhaps using it as the starting point is better, unless it's suboptimal.

So, the plan is to modify the code to use a different optimization method and parameters, and possibly adjust the initial guess.

Another improvement: the current code evaluates the objective function and returns the maximum value, which is the C5. But the objective function could be modified to use a more accurate computation of the integral. For example, correcting the way the correlation is computed.

Wait, the current code uses np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), but the correct way to compute the integral ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k )) dx for different k is not directly captured by the full correlate. Let me think about this.

The np.correlate function computes the convolution of h with the reversed version of (1 - h), but the mode 'full' returns the correlation at all possible lags. However, the integral for a shift k is the sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k )) dx. But when using the discrete approximation, the shift k corresponds to certain positions in the correlation result. However, the current code multiplies the entire correlation by dx, which might be incorrect.

Wait, the np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full') returns an array of length 2n_points - 1. The value at position i corresponds to the correlation of h with 1 - h at lag (i - n_points + 1). But the integral is over x in [0, 2], and the shift k can be from -n_points + 1 to n_points -1. However, the original problem considers all real numbers k, but in the discrete case, we're sampling at certain steps. This might lead to errors in the approximation.

Actually, the problem says that the evaluation computes C5 as the max of np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full') * dx. But this might not be accurate. For example, the correlation computation includes all lags, but the true overlap integral for a given k would be the integral over x where x and x +k are both in [0, 2]. However, in the discrete case, the way the correlation is computed may not properly capture the overlapping region.

This could be a source of error. To compute the correct overlap integral for each k, the code might need to integrate over x where x is in [0, 2 -k] for each k. This is complicated and might require a different approach.

However, given the constraints of the problem and the fact that the previous code uses this method, perhaps it's better to stick with it and hope that it's an acceptable approximation.

In conclusion, the plan is to modify the code to use a different optimization method and adjust parameters to find a better solution. So, the code would:

- Use the initial_h_values
- Use a different optimization method
- Increase the number of iterations
- Adjust tolerances
- Possibly use multiple starting points or different initial guesses.

But given that the initial_h_values is provided, and the code is called with no arguments, the code should use it directly.

Therefore, modifying the previous code to use the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations and possibly a different initial guess.

Another possible adjustment is to use a custom initial guess that spreads out the 1s more evenly. For example, generating a binary vector where 1s are placed at positions that are spaced as evenly as possible.

But how to do that algorithmically?

Suppose n_points is 70, and sum(h) is 35. To spread out the 1s as much as possible, we can place them every other point. But this would result in a periodic pattern, which might have high overlap when shifted. Alternatively, spreading them uniformly.

For example, placing the 1s at positions i where i is in a set generated by spacing them roughly 2/n_points apart. For instance, arranging the 1s at intervals of approximately 2 (the total length of the interval).

But this is vague. Alternatively, using the following code to generate an initial guess where the 1s are spread evenly:

import numpy as np

def generate_even_initial(n_points):
    # Number of 1s is n_points / 2
    m = n_points // 2
    # Spread them evenly
    positions = np.linspace(0, 2, m + 1)[:-1]  # m positions between 0 and 2
    # Now, assign 1s to positions in the h_values array
    h = np.zeros(n_points)
    step = 2.0 / n_points
    for pos in positions:
        i = int(np.round(pos / step))
        if 0 <= i < n_points:
            h[i] = 1
    # Ensure the number of 1s is exactly m
    # This is a rough approximation, may need adjustment
    return h

But this might not work well because the positions are in a continuous scale, and rounding to the nearest index might not spread them evenly. However, this could be a starting point.

But generating such an initial guess might require more code. However, given that the initial_h_values is provided, it might be better to use that.

So, in the code, perhaps using the initial_h_values as the starting point, and then applying a few perturbations to it to increase the chances of finding a better solution.

But the original code uses the initial_h_values directly. So, the plan is to modify the code to use a different optimization method and parameters.

So, here's the revised code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Use a different method, like 'L-BFGS-B' or 'COBYLA'.
- Increase the number of iterations and tightening the tolerances.
- Possibly adjust the solver options.

Let me draft the code with these changes.

First, changing the method to 'L-BFGS-B', which is suitable for bounded problems. Also, increasing maxiter.

Then, adjust the options.

Thus, modifying the previous code:

...
    method='L-BFGS-B', 
    options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'disp': False}
...

But also, the constraints are handled by the equality constraint.

Another possible change is to use the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations.

Alternatively, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which is derivative-free.

But with the current setup, perhaps 'L-BFGS-B' is better.

Testing this approach.

Another thing: the objective function is the maximum of the correlation values. However, the way it's computed may not be accurate, leading to suboptimal solutions. But without changing that, it's hard to proceed.

In the end, given the time constraints and the need to produce a working code, the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method and parameters.

So, here's the updated code:
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    global initial_h_values
    h_initial = initial_h_values.copy()
    n_points = len(h_initial)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    sum_required = n_points / 2
    
    def objective(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr * dx)
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    constraints = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - sum_required})
    
    options = {'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'disp': False}
    result = minimize(objective, h_initial, bounds=bounds, constraints=constraints, method='L-BFGS-B', options=options)
    
    best_h = result.x
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    return (best_h, best_c5, n_points)
```