<think>
Okay, so I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a basic optimization approach with SLSQP, but maybe that's not the best way. Let me think about how to approach this differently.

First, the problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The integral is calculated by taking the maximum over k of the convolution of h and (1-h). The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1.

The initial approach used gradient-based optimization with SLSQP, but that might get stuck in local minima. Maybe a different optimization strategy could yield better results. Also, the previous code was using a fixed initial guess, which might not be the best starting point. Let's consider other ways to generate initial guesses.

Hmm, the problem resembles a covering problem or a scheduling problem where we want to distribute the "mass" of h to minimize overlaps when shifted. Maybe some structure in h could help, like periodicity or symmetry.

Since the current record is around 0.38, maybe we can try a more structured approach. For example, partitioning the interval [0,2] into segments where h is either 0 or 1, but arranged in a way that minimizes overlap when shifted. However, since h is a step function, maybe we can use a piecewise constant function with specific patterns.

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy approach or simulated annealing could help escape local minima. But simulated annealing might be too slow for the given budget. Let me think about other methods.

Another idea: the overlap integral for a given k is the integral over x of h(x)(1-h(x+k)). To minimize the maximum over k, we need h to avoid being high when shifted by k. So, the function h should be such that when you shift it by any k, there's minimal overlap between h and its complement.

This seems similar to a problem in signal processing where you want a signal that has low cross-correlation with itself. Maybe using techniques from coding theory or optimal designs could be useful. But how to translate that into a step function here?

Wait, the problem is similar to the concept of a "low auto-correlation" binary sequence. But here, the sequences are continuous, and we have to minimize the maximum correlation with its complement. Maybe there's a known optimal construction or approximation for this kind of problem.

Alternatively, consider that the integral for each k can be thought of as the area where h is 1 and (1-h) is 1, which is the same as the area where h(x) = 1 and h(x+k) = 0. So we want to avoid having h(x) and h(x+k) both being 1. So, the goal is to arrange the regions where h is 1 such that they don't overlap when shifted by any k.

This feels like a covering problem. For example, if the regions are placed such that their shifted versions don't cover the same area. But how to model this?

Maybe using a periodic pattern. For instance, if the function h is periodic with some period T, then shifting by T would repeat the pattern. But the interval is [0,2], so maybe choosing a period that divides 2?

Alternatively, maybe arranging the 1s in h in a way that they are spaced out. For example, dividing the interval into equal parts where h is 1 for certain intervals and 0 otherwise. But how to determine the optimal spacing?

Let me consider a simple case. Suppose we divide [0,2] into n equal intervals. Let's say we have m intervals where h is 1, and the rest are 0. Then, the total integral is m*(dx) = 1, so m = n/2. So for even n, this is possible. But how does this affect the overlap integral?

If the 1s are placed in such a way that when shifted by any k, the overlap between 1s and 0s is minimized. For example, if we spread out the 1s as evenly as possible. This is similar to a maximum spacing problem.

But even this approach might not yield the optimal result. However, maybe combining multiple such patterns or using a more sophisticated structure could help.

Since the previous code tried optimizing with SLSQP starting from the initial guess, maybe trying different initial guesses would help. For example, starting with a more optimal pattern. But how to generate such patterns?

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution has some symmetry or regularity. For instance, if the function h is symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], which is 1. Maybe using a symmetric pattern would help.

Alternatively, maybe using a "checkerboard" pattern where h alternates between 0 and 1 in certain regions. But with the integral constraint, the number of 1s and 0s has to be balanced.

Let me think about the current record. The previous code achieved 0.384565. The target is lower than 0.38085. How to improve that?

Perhaps a better approach is to model the problem as a constrained optimization problem with more sophisticated methods. Since the previous code used SLSQP, maybe using a different optimization library, like using a genetic algorithm or other evolutionary techniques, could help find better solutions. However, genetic algorithms might be too slow for the given budget.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach. For example, using a grid search over possible patterns, or using a local optimization method with a better initial guess.

Wait, maybe the initial guess is not optimal. The previous code used the initial_h_values as a starting point, but perhaps there's a better way to construct the initial guess. For example, generating a more optimal initial pattern.

Another thought: the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to the maximum value of the convolution of h with (1-h). Therefore, we can think of the problem as minimizing the maximum of this convolution. To minimize this, perhaps the function h should be designed to have minimal correlation with its own complement, which is similar to the concept of a low autocorrelation sequence.

In coding theory, there are sequences with low autocorrelation, like the Barker codes. However, those are binary sequences. For our problem, it's a step function over a continuous interval. Maybe applying similar principles could help.

For example, if the function h is designed such that its "autocorrelation" with the complement (1-h) is minimized. But how to model this?

Alternatively, maybe the optimal h is a union of intervals placed such that the distance between any two points is sufficiently large. For instance, placing the intervals where h is 1 as spaced out as possible, so that when shifted, they overlap minimally with the regions where h is 1. But how to translate that into a function.

Another approach: since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. Therefore, the function h is a kind of "density" that's spread out. To minimize the maximum overlap, the function should avoid being high when shifted by any k. This suggests that the function h should be arranged so that when shifted, the regions where h is 1 are not overlapping with the regions where h is 1 again. 

This seems similar to a covering problem where the shifts of the function's support should not overlap. However, with the integral constraint, this is challenging.

Perhaps a greedy approach could be used to place the 1s in h in a way that each new placement minimizes the maximum overlap. But in practice, for a continuous function, this might be complex.

Alternatively, thinking about the problem as a binary optimization problem where h is 0 or 1, and the goal is to select regions where h is 1 such that the maximum overlap with any shift is minimized. However, since the problem is for a continuous function, perhaps a discrete approximation (like using a coarse grid) could help. 

Given the time constraints and the need for an efficient algorithm, maybe using a more sophisticated optimization method with better hyperparameters or a different starting point could yield improvements. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients, might escape local minima better than SLSQP.

Wait, the previous code used SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a different method (like COBYLA, which doesn't require gradients) could help. However, COBYLA might not be as efficient for high-dimensional problems.

Alternatively, using a non-gradient-based optimizer with adaptive steps. But again, this might be computationally intensive.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions, perhaps a multi-objective optimization approach could be used, where the objective function is the maximum over k of the overlap integrals. However, this would complicate the optimization process.

Alternatively, using a random restart strategy with the existing optimization method. The previous code tried 3 optimizations with the same initial guess. Maybe varying the initial guess by perturbing it each time and re-optimizing could help find a better solution.

But the user mentioned that they can use the initial_h_values as a starting point. So, maybe generating different initial guesses based on the initial one could help.

Another approach: using a more efficient way to approximate the convolution integral. Since the convolution is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), the length of the output is 2n-1 for an n-point array. But since we are interested in the maximum value, perhaps focusing on the relevant parts of the convolution could help. However, I'm not sure how to leverage that here.

Let me think about the constraints again. The integral of h is 1, so the average value of h is 0.5. Therefore, the function h must cover exactly half of the interval [0,2], which is 1 unit of length. If h is a step function with certain regions where it is 1, then the total length of those regions is 1.

To minimize the maximum overlap, the regions where h is 1 should be arranged such that when you shift them by any k, they overlap as little as possible with their own complement. This suggests that the regions should be spaced out so that no two regions in the same shifted position overlap.

This is similar to the concept of a packing problem where you want to place intervals such that they are as far apart as possible. For example, placing the 1s in h as non-overlapping intervals spaced far apart. However, since the function is continuous, it's about the positions of the regions where h is 1.

Perhaps a way to achieve this is to divide the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 1 in such a way that shifting by any k results in minimal overlap. For example, using a repeating pattern that is periodic, but with a certain period that ensures that overlaps are minimized.

Let me consider an example. Suppose we have a pattern where h is 1 for a interval of length 0.5, then 0 for another 0.5, and so on. If the pattern is repeated every 1 unit, then shifting by 1 would align the 1s with the 0s, which might reduce overlap. However, this depends on the exact placement.

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern with multiple intervals. For example, placing the 1s in h as two regions of length 0.5 each, spaced apart by a certain distance. However, this is getting too vague.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, the average value is 0.5, and the overlap integral for each k is the expected value of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). To minimize the maximum of these expectations, we need to arrange the function h so that for any shift k, the probability that h(x) and h(x +k) are both 1 is as small as possible.

This is similar to designing a function that avoids being high when shifted, which could be modeled by ensuring that the support of h is spread out in a way that when shifted, it doesn't coincide with other regions.

But how to model this mathematically? Maybe by ensuring that the regions where h is 1 are equispaced, or have a certain minimal distance between them.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal solution might have a specific structure, like being composed of multiple equal-sized intervals spaced in a certain way. For example, placing the 1s in h as intervals of length a, separated by gaps of length b. Then, adjusting a and b to satisfy the integral constraint and minimize the maximum overlap.

Let me try to model this. Suppose the interval [0,2] is divided into segments. Let's say we have m segments where h is 1, each of length a. The total length would be m*a = 1, so a = 1/m. The number of segments m would depend on the arrangement.

But the problem is to choose the placement of these segments to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, if the segments are placed as spaced out as possible, then shifting by k would cause the overlap to be small.

Alternatively, using a ternary approach where the function h alternates between 0 and 1 in certain ways. But this is speculative.

Given that the previous code used a fixed initial guess and a basic optimization, perhaps trying a different initial guess could help. For example, using a more optimal pattern for the initial guess. How to generate that?

If the initial guess is generated by dividing the interval into segments where h is 1 in a way that minimizes the overlap for some k, then maybe that could be a better starting point. However, generating such a pattern would require some knowledge of the optimal arrangement.

Alternatively, using a Monte Carlo approach to generate random candidates for h, then evaluating them and keeping the best. But since the time budget is limited, this might not be feasible for high n.

Another approach: since we need to minimize the maximum overlap, we can try to make the overlap as uniform as possible across different k's. This could be done by ensuring that for all shifts k, the overlap is roughly the same, which might lead to a lower maximum.

This is similar to a uniform distribution strategy. For example, if the function h is designed such that when shifted by any k, the overlap integral is approximately the same. 

But how to achieve this? One way is to ensure that the function h is as uniform as possible, which might mean having h(x) = 0.5 for all x. However, since the integral is 1, this would require integrating 0.5 over [0,2], which would give 1.0, which satisfies the constraint. But then, what's the overlap integral?

In this case, h(x) = 0.5 for all x. Then, 1 - h(x) = 0.5. The overlap integral for any k would be ∫0.5 * 0.5 dx = 0.25 * 2 = 0.5. But since the current best is around 0.38, this suggests that the uniform solution is worse. So, using a uniform h isn't optimal.

Therefore, we need a function that is not uniform but arranged to minimize the maximum overlap.

Perhaps a better approach is to use a more structured initial guess than the current one. For example, dividing the interval into equal parts and assigning h to be 1 for certain parts.

Let me think about the initial approach again. The initial_h_values is given (with n=45) and the previous code tried optimizing from that. Maybe generating a different initial guess based on a better pattern would help.

For example, if we can create an initial guess that has a certain pattern where the regions of 1 are spread out and spaced in a way that overlaps are minimized, that could be better. However, how to generate such a pattern algorithmically?

Maybe using a grid-based approach: dividing [0,2] into segments and placing 1s in alternating segments. For example, using a periodic pattern with certain spacing.

Alternatively, using a randomized initial guess where the h values are randomly assigned to 0 or 1, but adjusted to satisfy the integral constraint. However, this might not be effective.

Another idea: since the problem is similar to designing a signal with low cross-correlation, maybe using a known construction from that field. For example, using a set of points that are optimally spaced in [0,2] to minimize overlaps when shifted.

But without prior knowledge of such constructions, this might be challenging.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal solution involves placing the regions where h is 1 such that for any shift k, the overlap between h and (1-h) is minimized. This would require that for any x, the density of h(x) and h(x + k) being 1 is low. 

To achieve this, perhaps the support of h should be designed in such a way that any two points in the support are at least a certain distance apart. This is similar to a sphere packing problem in one dimension. 

If we imagine that the 1s are represented as intervals, then the distance between any two intervals should be such that shifting by k would not result in their overlapping. However, since the function is continuous, the exact arrangement needs to be precise.

For example, if the 1s are placed as intervals with a certain length and spaced apart by a gap, then shifting by the length of the interval would move the intervals into the gaps, possibly reducing overlap. But this is a rough idea.

Let me attempt to model this with a specific example. Suppose we have two intervals of length l, separated by a gap of g. The total length of the two intervals is 2l, which should equal 1 (the integral constraint), so l = 0.5. The gap between them is g. The total length of the function would be 2l + 2g = 2*0.5 + 2g = 1 + 2g. But since the interval is [0,2], we need to fit this into 2 units. However, arranging two intervals of 0.5 each with a gap would require that 2l + 2g <= 2. So 1 + 2g <= 2 => g <= 0.5.

The overlap when shifting by k would depend on the value of k. For example, shifting by k = g would align the first interval with the gap. For k = l + g, shifting would move the second interval into the first interval, causing overlap. But this is getting complex.

Alternatively, consider placing the 1s in h as alternating bands of length l and gaps of length g, such that the pattern is periodic. For example, a periodic pattern with period T = l + g. If the pattern is repeated, then shifting by multiples of T would align the pattern, possibly leading to overlaps.

However, this approach would require careful selection of l and g to minimize the maximum overlap.

But how to integrate this into the optimization process?

Maybe generating such a pattern as an initial guess and then optimizing from there. For example, using a periodic pattern with specific parameters.

But given time constraints, perhaps the best way is to modify the existing optimization approach to use a better initial guess and different optimization parameters.

The previous code used SLSQP with three iterations. Maybe using more iterations or a different optimizer could help. Also, using a different initial guess, like generating one with a more optimal pattern, could improve results.

Another thought: since the previous code used the initial guess as the starting point, perhaps generating a better initial guess by using a more informed method would help. For example, using the greedy algorithm to place the intervals where h is 1, ensuring they are spaced out as much as possible.

Let me try to implement such a greedy approach as an initial guess. The idea is to select intervals where h is 1 in such a way that they are as far apart as possible, minimizing overlaps.

Here's a possible algorithm for generating the initial guess:

1. Start with an empty set of intervals where h is 1.
2. For each interval, select a position and length such that it doesn't overlap with existing intervals and as far as possible from them.
3. Repeat until the total length of 1s is 1.

However, this is a heuristic and might not yield the optimal result, but it could provide a better initial guess than the existing one.

But how to implement this in code? Perhaps using a binary search or some other method to place the intervals.

Alternatively, for a given number of intervals, the greedy approach would place the first interval in the middle, then alternate placing the next intervals as far as possible from the existing ones.

However, this is getting complex to code, and with time constraints, it might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a more mathematical approach. Suppose the optimal solution has the function h(x) taking on values in {0, 1} in some intervals. Then, the overlap integral for each k would be the measure of the intersection between the support of h and the support of 1 - h shifted by k. To minimize the maximum of this, we need to minimize the maximum overlap between the support and its shifted version.

This is similar to the problem of finding a set of points (or intervals) in [0,2] such that their shifted versions don't overlap too much.

But again, how to model this?

Maybe considering that for each shift k, the measure of x such that h(x) = 1 and h(x +k) = 1 is maximized. To minimize the maximum of this over k, we need to arrange the support of h so that for any k, the overlap is as small as possible.

This problem resembles the design of a set of intervals with minimum maximum overlap after shifting, which is a known problem in combinatorics.

However, I'm not aware of exact solutions for this, so perhaps using a heuristic is necessary.

Given the time I have and the need to write code, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different initial guess and optimize it more effectively.

So, the plan is:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point, but also try generating other initial guesses, such as a more optimized pattern.
2. Adjust the optimization method and parameters to allow escaping local minima.
3. Use a different optimization method, like COBYLA or Nelder-Mead, which might be better at finding global minima.
4. Increase the number of iterations or the number of restarts.
5. Use a combination of different methods and initial guesses to explore the solution space.

But with the given code, how to implement this?

The previous code used SLSQP with 3 iterations. Let's try using a different optimizer, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients and might escape local minima better.

Additionally, perhaps using multiple different restarts with different initial guesses would help. For example, using the initial guess but also perturbing it slightly in each iteration.

But the code must fit within the time budget. So, perhaps the following changes:

- Change the optimizer to one that doesn't require gradients, like 'Nelder-Mead' or 'SLSQP' with different settings.
- Increase the number of iterations per optimization.
- Use a better initial guess.

But without knowing the exact initial guess structure, it's hard to say. So, perhaps I can generate a better initial guess by creating a pattern with spaced out 1s.

For example, setting h to be 1 in certain positions that are spaced apart. For instance, if the initial guess uses a pattern where h is 1 in alternate slices of the interval.

But since the user mentioned that the initial_h_values is available, perhaps using a better initial guess based on that structure.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values as the starting point, but perturb it slightly and optimize.

Another idea: since the integral is 1, the average value is 0.5, so maybe the function h is something like a sawtooth wave or a periodic function with specific parameters.

But again, without knowing the exact form, this is speculative.

Considering the previous code's approach, maybe increasing the number of optimization steps could help. For example, allowing more iterations per optimization run, and using a different method.

So, modifying the previous code to use a different optimization method, like the 'SLSQP' with more iterations, or 'COBYLA'.

Another possible change is to use a larger number of restarts with random initial guesses. But generating random guesses that satisfy the integral constraint is possible.

For example, in the code, instead of using the initial_h_values, generate a random initial guess by ensuring that the sum is n_points / 2, and then optimize from there. But this might not be better than the initial guess.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the starting point, but also doing some perturbations and optimizations.

Alternatively, combining multiple optimization methods.

In the previous code, they ran three optimizations, each starting from the initial guess. Perhaps trying more iterations, or using different starting points, could help.

But the user wants a code that is concise, within the token limit, and fits the constraints.

Given all that, here's a plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Change the optimization method to a different one, like COBYLA, which is suitable for bound-constrained problems.
- Increase the number of iterations per optimization.
- Run multiple independent optimizations with different starting points, such as the initial guess and some perturbed versions.
- Use a better evaluation of the objective function, making sure it's accurate.
- Track the best solution found during the optimization process.

But given the time constraints, the code needs to be efficient. Let me think about possible changes.

For example, replacing the SLSQP optimizer with the 'COBYLA' method, which is also from scipy.optimize.

Let me think about implementing this.

So, the code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Use COBYLA optimizer with more iterations.
- Perform multiple restarts with varying initial guesses.
- Track the best solution found.

But since the initial_h_values is provided, maybe generating a better initial guess from it.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values but with some adjustments.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to compute the overlap. For example, precomputing all possible k's and their correlations, but the current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient.

Another idea: the current code computes the maximum correlation over all k. Maybe the maximum occurs at certain specific shifts, like around the length of the function. So, focusing the optimization on those shifts might improve performance.

But this is just speculation.

Given the time, I'll proceed to code the modified approach, using a different optimizer, more iterations, and possibly a better initial guess.

So, the code will:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Switch to using COBYLA optimizer.
- Increase the number of iterations.
- Perform multiple restarts.
- Return the best solution.

Additionally, check for the time budget, and stop early if necessary.

Here's how the code could look:

Implement the run function, which uses the initial_h_values, and then runs multiple optimizations with COBYLA. Also, possibly perturbing the initial guess slightly in each restart.

But how to perturb? For example, adding a small random value to each element of the initial guess, then clipping it to [0,1], and ensuring the sum is correct.

But this could be computationally expensive, but within the budget.

Alternatively, for each restart, use a slightly perturbed version of the initial guess.

Let me implement this in code.

Also, using the COBYLA optimizer, which doesn't require gradients, might help avoid local optima.

So, modifying the previous code to use COBYLA, increasing the number of iterations, and adding more restarts.

In the previous code, the number of restarts was 3. Let's increase that to 5 or 6.

Additionally, adjust the number of iterations per optimization run.

So, the code would have:

for _ in range(5):
    if time exceeds: break
    result = optimize.minimize with COBYLA

But to fit this into the code, I need to adjust the parameters.

Another thing to note is that the objective function should return the maximum correlation value multiplied by dx. The constraint is the sum of h_values equal to n_points / 2.

So, the code can remain mostly the same, except for changing the optimizer and possibly the number of restarts.

Additionally, using a better initial guess might help. For example, if the initial_h_values is not optimal, but the user says that the initial_h_values is provided and should be used as is.

So, the final code would look like the previous one, but with changes to the optimizer, more iterations, and more restarts.

Another possible change is to use the 'L-BFGS-B' optimizer, which is also available.

But given that the previous code used SLSQP, switching to COBYLA might be better.

So, in code:

In the optimize.minimize call, change the method to 'COBYLA'.

But in the code, I need to make sure that the constraints are properly set.

The constraints are {'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}.

So, the code would now look something like:

result = optimize.minimize(
    fun=objective,
    x0=initial_guess,
    method='COBYLA',
    bounds=bounds,
    constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
    options={'maxiter': 1000, 'disp': False}
)

But I need to adjust the options for COBYLA, like maxiter, and maybe other parameters.

Also, increasing the number of restarts (like to 5), to explore more.

Another possible optimization is to use the initial guess and generate perturbations every time.

But without knowing the specifics, I'll proceed with these changes.

Thus, the code would be modified to use COBYLA, more restarts, and possibly more iterations per optimization.

In addition, to ensure that the code is within the time budget, it's important to not run too many iterations.

But with the given budget of 100 seconds, and with the code running in a loop, it's possible to have multiple restarts with optimized parameters.

Putting all together, the modified code would use the initial guess, run multiple optimizations with the COBYLA method, and return the best solution found.

So, here's the code:

Import necessary libraries, define run function, use COBYLA, more restarts.

Another thing: the objective function returns max_corr * dx. However, in the previous code, it was computed using the full convolution. The mode 'full' gives a longer array, so the maximum correlation is taken over all possible k.

But to make sure that the calculation is correct, the code currently uses:

corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
max_corr = np.max(corr)

But this might include values for k from -n+1 to n-1. However, since the h is over [0,2], the actual k's that matter might be limited. But the code computes the maximum over all k, which is correct.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

Testing this approach could lead to better results than the previous code, which used SLSQP. By using a different optimizer and more restarts, it might escape local minima and find a better solution.

Thus, the final code would look like the previous one, but with changes in the optimizer, number of restarts, and possibly other parameters.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Assume initial_h_values is a global variable if available
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    result = None
    
    # Run multiple optimizations with different methods
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Use different optimization methods
        if _ % 2 == 0:
            method = 'COBYLA'
            options = {'maxiter': 500, 'disp': False}
        else:
            method = 'L-BFGS-B'
            options = {'maxiter': 500, 'disp': False}
        
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=initial_guess,
            method=method,
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options=options
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                initial_guess = best_h  # Use updated guess
        time.sleep(0.1)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```