<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős constant C₅ by finding a better step function h. The current record is around 0.38085, and the goal is to get lower than that. The previous approach used a genetic algorithm with some mutation and crossover, but maybe there's a better way.

First, let me understand the problem again. The function h is a step function on [0, 2], integrating to 1. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. So for each shift k, we compute the overlap between h and its complement, and we want to minimize the maximum of these overlaps.

The previous code uses a population-based approach with random mutations and crossovers. But maybe a different optimization strategy could yield better results. Let's think about possible improvements.

One idea is to use a more sophisticated optimization method, like gradient descent, but since the problem is non-convex and involves discrete steps, that might not be straightforward. Alternatively, maybe using a simulated annealing approach could help escape local minima.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, which is a maximin problem, perhaps a better way is to model it as an optimization problem where we try to minimize the maximum overlap directly. However, due to the computational complexity, constraints, and the need for a feasible solution, using a more efficient algorithm is crucial.

The current approach uses a fixed number of points (n_points), which is 45 based on the initial_h_values. Maybe increasing n_points could allow for more precise control over the function, but the user prefers smaller sequences for faster computation. However, the problem allows for n_points up to a certain limit, so perhaps trying different n_points is worth considering.

Wait, the user says "smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred" which is good for faster optimization. The initial code uses 45 points, which is acceptable. Maybe restructuring the algorithm to explore more possibilities without increasing the number of points.

Another angle: the current genetic algorithm might not be exploring the search space efficiently. Perhaps using a different mutation strategy, or adding more diversity in the population.

Alternatively, using a deterministic approach, such as a greedy algorithm or a local search method. For example, starting with the initial solution and iteratively making small adjustments to reduce the maximum overlap.

But how to model this? The overlap integral depends on shifts k, so we need to evaluate it for different shifts. Maybe using a gradient-based method to adjust h to minimize the maximum overlap. However, the integral is over a continuous domain and involves shifts, making differentiation tricky. But with a numerical approximation, perhaps we can set up an optimization problem.

Alternatively, think about the problem as a game between two players: one trying to maximize the overlap and the other (the optimizer) trying to minimize it. This might be a game theory problem, but I'm not sure how to apply that directly.

Another idea: since the integral is over [0, 2], the shift k can range from 0 to 2. However, the integral for a shift k uses the convolution of h and 1 - h. The maximum of these convolutions over all shifts is the value we want to minimize.

Perhaps, instead of a genetic algorithm, use a gradient-free optimization method like Nelder-Mead. But how to apply that here? The problem is that the objective function (the maximum of the convolutions) is non-smooth and non-convex. However, Nelder-Mead might still work, especially with some modifications.

Wait, the problem requires us to compute the maximum over different shifts. For a given h, we need to calculate all shifts and take the maximum. So the objective function is the maximum of several convolutions. This is a challenging objective function, but maybe using a numerical optimization approach with constraints could help.

But how to generate a good initial guess? The initial_h_values provided might be a starting point, but maybe other initializations could lead to better results. For example, using a regular pattern or a more optimal structure.

Wait, the Erdős problem is about covering the interval with overlapping regions. The optimal function h minimizes the maximum overlap. In some literature, the optimal solution for C_5 is known to have certain properties, like being piecewise constant with specific intervals. Maybe adapt such a structure.

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of Fourier analysis. The integral can be represented as the inner product of h and 1 - h shifted by k. The maximum of these integrals could be related to the Fourier coefficients of h and 1 - h. However, this is getting into complex analysis and might not be straightforward for optimization.

Another approach: since the function h is a step function, maybe we can model it as a collection of intervals where it takes certain values. For example, dividing [0, 2] into several segments and assigning a value (0 or 1) to each segment. Then, the problem becomes choosing the widths and positions of these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap.

But this might be too abstract to model directly. However, for a step function with a small number of steps (like 45, as in the initial setup), perhaps we can use an optimization algorithm that adjusts the positions and values of the steps.

Alternatively, try to model the problem as a constrained optimization problem. The constraints are that the integral of h is 1, and the function h is between 0 and 1. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. But solving this directly with a solver like CVXOPT or others might be feasible.

But how to handle the maximum over k? The maximum can be transformed into an optimization problem with constraints: find h such that for all k, the integral is less than or equal to a certain value. Then, minimize that value. This is a bilevel optimization problem, which is challenging, but perhaps we can approximate it.

Alternatively, use a multi-objective optimization where we minimize the maximum overlap. This can be approached by using a penalty method, where the objective is the maximum overlap plus a penalty term for violating the integral constraint. But again, how to implement this.

Looking back at the initial code, it uses a population-based approach with a certain population size and mutation. Maybe the population size is too small? Or the mutation rate is too low? Let's think about the parameters. Maybe increasing the population size could help, but with time constraints, that might not be feasible.

Another idea: instead of using random mutations and crossovers, maybe use a more intelligent way to generate new candidates. For example, using the best solution and perturbing it slightly, or using a local search around the current best.

Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach. Each particle represents a candidate solution, and the swarm explores the search space to find the minimum. This could be more efficient than genetic algorithms.

Testing these ideas is time-consuming, but given the time budget, perhaps focusing on improving the existing algorithm would be better. For example, adjusting the mutation and crossover parameters, or adding a more effective selection mechanism.

Let me think about the previous code. It starts with the initial_h_values and adds some noise, then scales the values to meet the integral constraint. Then, in each iteration, it selects the best solution, and generates new populations by mixing parents and adding mutation. Maybe the selection of the best solution and generating new offspring could be optimized.

What if I try a different strategy for generating new offspring? For example, instead of taking random parents, maybe take the best parent and some other parents to create diverse offspring. Or use a tournament selection to pick better parents.

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed mutation rate. Maybe varying the mutation rate over time could help explore the search space more effectively. For example, starting with a higher mutation rate to explore and then reducing it to exploit the best solutions.

Also, the scaling factor after mutation is applied. Maybe that's not optimal. For instance, after mutation, the sum might be perturbed, and scaling to meet the integral constraint is necessary. However, the code uses a scaling factor that's based on the current sum. This might not be the most effective way to maintain the constraint, but it's a common approach.

Another possible improvement: when generating new children, instead of using just one parent, use multiple parents to create more diversity. But the code already uses two parents in crossovers.

Alternatively, use a different crossover method, such as averaging the two parents' values, or blending them in a different way. The current code uses a crossover where each gene is taken from one parent with 50% chance. Maybe using a different crossover method could lead to better offspring.

In terms of time, the previous code has a loop that runs for a certain amount of time, and in each iteration, computes the fitness. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the population parameters could help, but the time budget is 100 seconds.

Another possible approach is to use a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral. The current code uses np.correlate, which may be slow for a large number of samples. However, since the n_points is small (like 45), it's manageable. But perhaps optimizing this part could save time for more iterations.

Wait, the np.correlate is being used with mode 'full', which computes all possible shifts. The maximum of those is taken. For a given h, this is O(n^2), which for n=45 is manageable.

But the main issue is the optimization method. The previous approach might not be sufficient to find a better C5 value.

Let me consider if there's any mathematical structure that can be exploited. For example, the optimal function h might be periodic or have certain symmetries. For instance, in some optimal solutions, the function alternates between 0 and 1 with specific intervals. However, in this case, the interval is [0, 2], so maybe using intervals of certain lengths that balance the overlap.

Another idea is to try to use a construction where h is piecewise constant with specific segments that minimize the maximum overlap. For example, dividing the interval into segments where h(x) is 1 for some parts and 0 for others, arranged in such a way that the overlap with its complement is minimized.

But how to determine these segments? It's a difficult problem, but perhaps using a greedy approach: for each segment, decide whether to set it to 1 or 0 based on how it affects the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, using a simulated annealing approach. Start with the initial solution and iteratively make small changes, accepting worse solutions with a certain probability to avoid getting stuck in local minima. This method could be more effective in finding a better solution.

Let me outline steps for a simulated annealing approach:

1. Initialize the solution using the initial_h_values.
2. Compute the current C5 value.
3. While time is available:
   a. Generate a new candidate solution by perturbing the current solution (e.g., flipping a random bit to 0 or 1, or adjusting a value slightly).
   b. Compute the new C5 value.
   c. If the new C5 is better (lower), accept the new solution.
   d. Else, accept the new solution with a probability based on the temperature (like in simulated annealing).
   e. Decrease the temperature gradually.
4. Return the best solution found.

This approach could potentially explore the solution space more effectively, especially if the energy function (C5) has many local minima. However, implementing this needs careful handling of the temperature schedule and perturbation methods.

But how to implement this in Python within the time constraints? For each step, generating a new candidate and evaluating it could be computationally feasible if the number of steps is manageable.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe we can model it as a quadratic programming problem. However, the objective is non-convex, so it's not straightforward. Still, using a convex relaxation or other approximations could be considered.

Alternatively, since the overlap integral for a given shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx, perhaps for certain values of k, the overlap is more significant. We could focus on optimizing for those shifts that contribute the most to the maximum C5.

But without knowing which shifts are critical, this is speculative.

Let me think about the time budget. The previous code ran 100 seconds. If I use a simulated annealing approach, it's possible to run more iterations without a fixed population. However, implementing this requires careful code.

Another thing to note: the initial solution might be close to the optimal. The current code's initial_h_values might be a reasonable starting point, so using that as the initial solution in simulated annealing could help.

Alternatively, the previous approach might have some hyperparameters that can be adjusted. For example, the population size, mutation rate, and crossover rate. Maybe increasing the population size or adjusting the mutation rate could improve the results.

But given that the user is asking for an improved code, and given the previous code's result of 0.386879, the goal is to get lower than 0.38085. Let's think of possible ways to approach this.

Another idea: using a combination of optimization techniques. For instance, first run a genetic algorithm to get a good initial solution, then refine it using a local search method like gradient descent.

Alternatively, using a more advanced optimization library, such as scipy.optimize. Specifically, using methods like differential evolution, which is a global optimization algorithm. This method could be more effective than genetic algorithms for this problem.

Scipy's differential evolution (DE) can handle constrained optimization problems. However, the problem here is that the objective function is a bit complex (the maximum of several convolutions) and the constraints are on the sum of h and its elements being between 0 and 1.

But let's consider formulating the problem as an optimization task. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. To handle this, we can use a scalar value representing the maximum overlap and try to minimize it. However, since it's the maximum over several values, this requires evaluating multiple integrals for each h.

This seems challenging for DE, but perhaps manageable with sufficient tuning.

Another approach: since the integral is over the interval [0, 2], and the shift k can be any real number, but in practice, the maximum overlap occurs for specific values of k, perhaps focusing on k in [0, 2] and calculating the integral for those k. However, the problem states that k is used in the integral, so the maximum over all possible k.

But when we compute the correlation in the code, it's over all possible shifts, so that's already accounted for.

In any case, here's a plan for the new code:

Use a more efficient optimization method, like differential evolution, to search for the best h. The constraints are that all elements are between 0 and 1, and the sum is n_points/2.

But implementing this in scipy requires defining the objective function and constraints.

Let me outline the steps:

1. Define the objective function for DE. For a given h, compute the maximum of the convolution (overlap integral) and return that as the objective.

2. Use scipy.optimize.differential_evolution with bounds on each element of h to be between 0 and 1, and the constraint that the sum is exactly n_points / 2.

However, the DE method might have difficulty with the constraint that sum(h) must be n_points / 2. To handle this, perhaps we can use a constraint function or reformulate the problem.

Alternatively, during the optimization, we can normalize h to satisfy the sum constraint. For example, after generating h, scale it so that the sum is correct.

But differential evolution may not handle this directly. So, perhaps modify the objective function to include the normalization step.

So, the steps for the new code would be:

- Use scipy.optimize.differential_evolution.

- The variables are the h values, each between 0 and 1.

- For each candidate h, compute the sum and normalize it to meet the sum constraint.

- Compute the maximum overlap integral as the objective.

- Minimize the objective.

This approach could be more efficient than the previous genetic algorithm, especially if the DE is able to find the optimal solution faster.

Another consideration is the number of samples. The initial code uses 45 points, which is acceptable. Using more points might not help since the time budget is tight, but for this case, 45 is manageable.

Implementing this would require:

- Defining the objective function as described.

- Handling the normalization of the h array.

- Setting up the bounds.

Now, let's think about handling the convolution. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum of these values multiplied by dx is the C5 value.

But in the differential evolution approach, the objective function must be evaluated for a given h. So, for each h in the optimization, compute the correlation as before, find the maximum, and return that as the objective value to minimize.

This seems feasible.

Now, let's consider the code structure. We need to import scipy.optimize and define the objective function. Also, handle the normalization.

But since the initial code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point, maybe we can use that as the initial guess for the differential evolution solver.

However, differential evolution might not work well with the initial guess if it's not in the right region. So, perhaps setting the initial guess to the initial_h_values, after normalization.

Wait, the initial_h_values already sum to n_points / 2 (since sum(h) * dx = 1, so sum(h) = n_points / 2). Because dx is 2.0 / n_points, sum(h) * dx = 1 implies sum(h) = n_points / 2. So the initial_h_values is already normalized. Therefore, we can use it as the initial guess.

Therefore, in the differential evolution approach, we can start with the initial_h_values as the starting point.

Now, the code structure could be:

Import necessary libraries (scipy.optimize, numpy).

Define the objective function that takes h (as a 1D array of length n_points), computes the correlation, finds the maximum, and returns that value multiplied by dx (since the code previously does that).

Then, set up the bounds as (0, 1) for each element of h.

Use differential evolution to minimize the objective function, with the initial guess.

But differential evolution requires the bounds and the objective function. Also, we need to set constraints, but the sum is handled by normalizing the h array. Wait, but during the optimization, the solver may not maintain the sum. So, perhaps we need to normalize after each step.

Wait, no. The problem requires that the sum of h is exactly n_points / 2. However, when using differential evolution, the bounds are per parameter. So, each element is between 0 and 1. But the sum may not be exactly n_points / 2. Therefore, to meet the constraint, after each evaluation, we must normalize the array.

But how to handle this in the objective function. Let's think: the objective function for differential evolution is called with a candidate h, which is a vector of values between 0 and 1. We then compute the sum of h. If the sum is not equal to n_points / 2, we scale it to meet the constraint.

But this is not allowed in the optimization. The optimization is supposed to maintain the constraint. So, maybe during the optimization, we can enforce the constraint by modifying the h array. However, this might not be straightforward.

An alternative approach is to parameterize the h vector such that the sum is automatically maintained. For example, we can have n_points - 1 variables, and the last variable is set to n_points / 2 - sum of the first n_points - 1 variables. However, this would require non-linear constraints and might complicate the optimization.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to normalize the h array after each evaluation. For example, in the objective function:

def objective(h):
    h = np.clip(h, 0, 1)  # ensure values are within bounds
    sum_h = np.sum(h)
    scale = (n_points / 2) / sum_h if sum_h != 0 else 1.0
    h_scaled = h * scale
    # Now compute the overlapping integral
    corr = np.correlate(h_scaled, 1 - h_scaled, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr)
    return max_corr * dx

But this approach would allow the solver to adjust the h vector, normalize it, and proceed. However, this could introduce issues where the scaling might not lead to the optimal solution. But perhaps it's a feasible approximation.

Alternatively, during the optimization, we can enforce the constraint that sum(h) = n_points / 2. But this would require setting the constraint in the optimization problem. However, scipy's differential evolution doesn't support constraints directly, but we can use the bounds and handle it in the objective function.

But with this approach, the solver might work with the scaled h, leading to a feasible solution.

However, this might not be accurate. Another idea: during the optimization steps, whenever we generate a candidate h, we first check if sum(h) is zero. If so, we scale it by 1.0. Otherwise, scale it to meet the sum requirement.

This would ensure that all candidate h's are feasible.

Now, for the differential evolution setup. The bounds are (0, 1) for each element. The initial guess is the initial_h_values.

The objective function would then normalize the h array and compute the maximum correlation.

This approach might be better than the genetic algorithm, as it's more precise and utilizes a more efficient optimization method.

Let me think about the implementation steps.

First, import the necessary modules:

import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import differential_evolution

Then, define the function compute_c5(h) as before.

But for the differential evolution setup, I need to define the bounds and the initial guess.

The initial guess is the initial_h_values, which is a list of n_points elements.

The bounds for each parameter are (0, 1).

So, for the differential evolution:

result = differential_evolution(objective, bounds, args=(n_points, dx), ... )

But the objective function needs to have access to n_points and dx. These are constants defined in the code.

But how to pass them? The objective function can take them as parameters, or they can be defined in the closure.

But since the code must be self-contained and not use any closure or lambda functions, perhaps the objective function should take these as arguments.

Alternatively, define the objective function inside the run function.

But the code must be written in a way that adheres to the constraints (no closures or lambdas, etc.)

Alternatively, the objective function can be a global function.

However, given that the code is to be written within the run function, perhaps the approach is:

Within the run function, define the objective function, which takes h as input and computes the maximum overlap.

But in Python, it's allowed to have nested functions, provided they are not closures.

So, here's a plan for the new code:

- In the run function, after getting the initial_h_values, compute n_points = len(initial_h_values), dx = 2.0 / n_points.

- Define the objective function that takes h as an array and returns the computed C5 value.

- Use scipy.optimize.differential_evolution with bounds and initial guess.

But differential evolution has parameters like population size and tolerance, which need to be set.

However, the problem is that the objective function may be expensive to evaluate, and with a time budget of 100 seconds, we need to set the parameters so that the optimization completes within that time.

Another consideration: the current initial solution may have C5 around 0.386, so the differential evolution could explore better solutions.

Now, implementing this in code.

But what if the optimal solution requires more than the 45-point initial setup? For example, using n_points=100 could allow more precise control, but it would increase computation time. However, the user prefers smaller sequences, so n_points=45 is better.

So, proceeding with the initial n_points=45.

Now, code outline:

Inside run(seed=..., **kwargs):

n_points = len(initial_h_values)
dx = 2.0 / n_points
initial_h = initial_h_values

bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

def objective(h):
    h = np.clip(h, 0, 1)
    sum_h = np.sum(h)
    if sum_h == 0:
        scale = 1.0
    else:
        scale = (n_points / 2) / sum_h
    h_scaled = h * scale
    corr = np.correlate(h_scaled, 1 - h_scaled, mode='full')
    return np.max(corr) * dx

result = differential_evolution(objective, bounds, ... )

But wait, the differential_evolution function requires the bounds to be passed as a list of tuples. And the initial guess can be set with the 'x0' parameter. However, the 'x0' is optional.

But in many versions of scipy, the 'bounds' parameter is applied, and the initial guess can be provided via 'x0'.

But the issue is that the initial guess may not be feasible. For example, the initial_h_values is feasible, so we can pass it as x0.

However, if the differential_evolution's default settings are not suitable, we may need to adjust parameters like population size, tolerance, etc.

But the code must be written to fit within the time budget and the constraints.

But in practice, the differential evolution might take longer than the allowed 100 seconds if not tuned properly. So, setting appropriate parameters is essential.

Another thing: scipy's differential_evolution might not be the best choice for this problem, but given the lack of better ideas, it's worth trying.

Now, let's code this approach.

But what about the possibility of getting stuck in local minima? Even with differential evolution, it's possible. However, the hope is that the objective function is sufficiently smooth and that differential evolution can find a good solution.

Another idea: to use a hybrid approach, where the differential evolution is used to find a good candidate solution, and then a local search is performed around that solution.

But given the time constraints, perhaps sticking to differential evolution is better.

Another thing to note is that the objective function is expensive to evaluate for each h. For each h, we do a convolution, which for n=45 has O(n^2) steps. But with the time budget of 100 seconds, this is manageable.

But for the differential evolution, the default parameters might be too slow. Let's see. For example, the population size is set by the solver's defaults. Adjusting the parameters can help.

In the code, when calling differential_evolution, possible parameters to adjust include:

- popsize: default is 15, but can be increased for better exploration.

- tol: tolerances for convergence.

- mutation: parameters for the mutation strategy.

But for the sake of time, the code may need to set popsize to a higher value, and adjust other parameters if possible.

However, the current time budget is 100 seconds, which may allow for a sufficient number of iterations.

So, putting this all together, the new code would use the differential evolution optimization approach.

Now, considering potential issues:

- The initial_h_values may not be feasible, but according to the problem statement, it is provided as a valid construction. So we can use it as the initial guess.

- The differential_evolution function may take a long time. To optimize, perhaps using a smaller popsize and/or higher tolerance.

- The objective function may involve multiple evaluations of the convolution, which is computationally intensive. But with n=45, it's manageable.

Putting it all together, here's the code structure:

import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import differential_evolution

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_h = np.array(initial_h_values)
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    # Define objective function
    def objective(h):
        h = np.clip(h, 0.0, 1.0)
        sum_h = np.sum(h)
        if sum_h == 0:
            scale = 1.0
        else:
            scale = (n_points / 2.0) / sum_h
        h_scaled = h * scale
        corr = np.correlate(h_scaled, 1 - h_scaled, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    # Call differential evolution
    result = differential_evolution(
        objective,
        bounds,
        strategy='best1bin',
        popsize=15,
        tol=1e-4,
        mutation=(0.5, 1),
        recombination=0.8,
        seed=seed,
        x0=initial_h,
        polish=True,
        maxiter=1000
    )
    
    best_h = result.x
    c5_bound = objective(best_h)
    return (best_h.tolist(), c5_bound, n_points)

But there may be some issues here. For example, the 'x0' parameter in differential_evolution might not be directly supported. Need to check.

Wait, in scipy.optimize.differential_evolution, the 'x0' parameter is available in newer versions. But for older versions, this might not be supported. Assuming that the version used is compatible.

Another thing: the 'polish' parameter is used to refine the solution after convergence.

But the code may need to be adjusted based on the actual scipy version. However, given that the code is supposed to run within the constraints, it's acceptable.

Now, evaluating this approach. The objective is to find a better C5 value than the previous 0.386879. This code aims to use a more systematic optimization approach.

But there's a risk that the differential evolution might not find a good solution quickly enough, or it could get stuck in a local minimum.

Another possible improvement is to use multiple initial guesses, but that might not be feasible within the time budget.

Alternatively, use a combination of differential evolution and local search, but that could complicate the code.

Another thing: the objective function computes the maximum correlation. For a given h, the maximum correlation may be determined by several shifts. So, the code computes it correctly.

Now, considering the initial code's result of approximately 0.386, if the differential evolution finds a value lower than that, then this approach would be better.

But how to ensure that this code runs within the 100 seconds budget?

The differential_evolution function may take several iterations. For example, with the default parameters, the 'maxiter' is set to the number of generations. Setting 'maxiter' to 1000 may take too long, but perhaps reducing it.

Alternatively, experiment with 'tol' to stop earlier.

However, without knowing the exact performance, it's hard to predict.

But given the time constraints, this is the best approach I can think of. It's more likely to find a better solution than the previous genetic algorithm approach, especially if the differential evolution is more effective.

Another thing: the objective function may be sensitive to the scale of the problem. For example, the clipping of h to 0 and 1 may introduce discontinuities, making the optimization more difficult. But this is necessary to ensure the constraints are met.

Another possible improvement: instead of using differential evolution, use the Nelder-Mead simplex method. But I'm not sure if that would be more effective.

Another thought: the previous genetic algorithm may have issues with diversity in the population. The differential evolution is more likely to maintain diversity by using mutation and recombination strategies.

In conclusion, the plan is to implement the differential evolution approach with the initial guess provided. This code may provide a better solution than the previous genetic algorithm approach.

Now, writing the code with these considerations.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import differential_evolution

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_h = np.array(initial_h_values)
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    def objective(h):
        h = np.clip(h, 0.0, 1.0)
        sum_h = np.sum(h)
        if sum_h == 0:
            scale = 1.0
        else:
            scale = (n_points / 2.0) / sum_h
        h_scaled = h * scale
        corr = np.correlate(h_scaled, 1 - h_scaled, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    result = differential_evolution(
        objective,
        bounds,
        strategy='best1bin',
        popsize=15,
        tol=1e-4,
        mutation=(0.5, 1),
        recombination=0.8,
        seed=seed,
        x0=initial_h,
        polish=True,
        maxiter=1000
    )
    
    best_h = result.x
    c5_bound = objective(best_h)
    return (best_h.tolist(), c5_bound, n_points)
```