<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and our target is to get lower than that. The previous code tried using SLSQP optimization starting from a random initial guess. But maybe that's not the best approach. Let me think about how to improve this.

First, the problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h integrates to 1 over [0,2], and each h(x) is between 0 and 1.

The previous approach used a random initial guess and then optimized with SLSQP. But that might get stuck in local minima. Maybe I should try a different starting point or a different optimization method. Also, the previous code used n=45 points, but maybe a larger n can give a better bound, though the user wants smaller sequences for speed. Wait, the user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe starting with a smaller n is better for time efficiency, but I need to check.

Wait, the user's previous code used n=45, but the initial_h_values is a placeholder. So perhaps the actual initial_h_values has a different n. But the problem is, the initial_h_values is provided, so I should reference that directly. So the first thing is to use the initial_h_values if it exists, which is provided as a pre-imported variable.

But the user wants me to start from the current construction, which is available through initial_h_values. So perhaps the initial_h_values is a good starting point. However, the previous code's initial_h_values was random, which might not be the best. Maybe we can find a better initial guess.

Another thought: the overlap integral for different k's corresponds to different shifts. So, the problem is to arrange the function h so that when you shift it by any k, the product h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) integrates to as small as possible. To minimize the maximum value of this integral.

The current approach is to optimize h using SLSQP to minimize the maximum correlation. But the maximum correlation is the maximum over all k of the (correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')) * dx. However, the correlate function with mode='full' gives the cross-correlation, which for each shift k, the integral would be the value at position k. Wait, the cross-correlation of h and 1 - h is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx, but since the original h is over [0, 2], the shifts k would have to be within a certain range.

But when using numpy.correlate with mode='full', the result is for all possible shifts, including negative shifts. However, the actual possible k values for the problem might be limited. For example, for h defined on [0, 2], the shifts k that make sense would be such that x + k is within [0, 2] for some x. So the maximum k could be up to 2. But the cross-correlation in mode='full' would include shifts from -n+1 to +n-1, where n is the number of samples.

But for the problem's purposes, the maximum is over all k, but when integrating, the overlap integral is over the overlapping region between x and x + k. So perhaps the code is correctly calculating that via the cross-correlation, multiplied by dx.

Now, the previous code uses a random initial h and then optimizes. But that might not be effective. Maybe using a better initialization would help. For example, using a function that has a more structured shape, like a piecewise constant function with certain patterns that are known to be good for minimizing overlap.

Another idea is to use a periodic or symmetric pattern in h. For instance, a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, but arranged such that overlapping with any shift doesn't create large overlaps.

Wait, the problem is similar to the Erdős problem, which is about covering the unit interval with intervals of certain lengths, but I'm not sure. Alternatively, it's similar to a covering problem where the goal is to minimize the maximum overlap between h and its shifted versions.

Another approach is to use a heuristic or a metaheuristic optimization algorithm. For example, using genetic algorithms, simulated annealing, or particle swarm optimization. However, given the time budget of 100 seconds and the need to use Python, maybe using a more efficient optimization method like gradient descent with momentum, or using a different optimization library.

Alternatively, since the problem is convex? Wait, the objective is to minimize the maximum of a set of convex functions? Or is the problem non-convex? The problem is non-convex because it's an optimization over a maximum of convex functions. So convex optimization methods might not work unless we can reformulate it.

But for the code, maybe trying a different approach. Let's see. The previous code used SLSQP, which is a sequential quadratic programming method. Maybe using a different method like COBYLA (constrained optimization by linear approximation) or using a gradient-based method with more tuning.

Alternatively, since the function is discontinuous (as h is a step function), perhaps using a different representation. But the problem requires h to be a step function with n_points samples. So the function is a piecewise constant function with n_points intervals.

But how to represent this? The code already represents h as a vector of values, with dx being 2/n_points. So the current approach is to model h as a vector of values between 0 and 1, with the sum of the vector being n_points / 2.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap over all shifts, perhaps the best h is one where the overlap with any shift is balanced. This suggests that distributing the mass of h in such a way that it doesn't cluster in regions that would create high overlaps when shifted.

For example, if h is a constant function, then the overlap would be 1 * (1 - 1) = 0? Wait, no. Wait, the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. If h(x) is 0.5, then the integral becomes 0.5 * (1 - 0.5) = 0.25 multiplied by the length of the overlap region. But since the integral of h is 1 over [0, 2], if h is 0.5 everywhere, the integral would be 0.5 * 2 = 1, which matches. Then for any k, the overlap integral would be 0.5 * 0.5 * (overlap length). The overlap length depends on k. For example, if k is 0, the integral is 0.5 * 0.5 * 2 = 0.5. But for other k, it's 0.5 * 0.5 * something. But this might not be the optimal, so perhaps the uniform h is not the best.

Another idea: use a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, such that the overlapping regions are minimized. For example, if h is 1 on [a,b] and 0 elsewhere, then the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx would be the integral over [a,b] of 1 * (1 - h(x +k)). For this, the overlap would depend on how the interval [a,b] shifts with k. But since the total integral of h is 1, the length of [a,b] must be 1. So suppose the interval is of length 1. Then for a shift k, the overlapping region would be the intersection of [a, b] and [a -k, b -k], but adjusted by the interval [0, 2]. This could be complex. However, such a function might not be optimal, but perhaps a multi-interval function could be better.

However, given that the previous code uses a continuous function (represented as a step function with n_points samples), perhaps trying to find a better initial guess could help. For example, initial_h_values may have a pattern that can be refined.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial approach should be modified. For instance, instead of using SLSQP, use a different optimization method. For example, using the Adam optimizer with a learning rate schedule, but since the problem is in Python, maybe using a library like scipy.optimize with different methods. Or perhaps using a combination of different optimization stages, like first using a global optimization method to find a good initial guess, then refining with local optimization.

But given the time constraints, perhaps using a different approach in the optimization. The previous code used SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the parameters could yield better results. Alternatively, using the COBYLA solver, which can handle bounds without requiring gradient information, but the objective function needs to be differentiable.

But the objective function here is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. So the function is non-smooth, as the maximum can change abruptly as the maximum shifts. So using gradient-based methods may not be effective. Therefore, perhaps using a penalty method where the objective is the maximum value, and then using derivative-free optimization.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm. The idea is to evolve a population of h vectors, selecting those with lower max overlap. But implementing a genetic algorithm may be time-consuming and may not fit within the 100-second budget. However, given that the user allows using scipy.optimize, maybe other methods can be tried.

Another thought: the previous code computed the maximum over the full cross-correlation. But perhaps certain shifts are more critical than others. For example, the shifts that are closest to 0 or 1 may contribute more to the maximum. So perhaps focusing the optimization on these shifts could yield better results. However, how to do that in practice?

Alternatively, the current code's objective function is just the maximum of the cross-correlation values. But how does this relate to the actual integral in the problem? The cross-correlation with mode='full' for two vectors of length n gives a vector of length 2n -1, which corresponds to shifts from -(n-1) to +(n-1). But in the problem, the integral for each k is over the overlapping region. So the cross-correlation in the full mode includes all possible shifts, but the actual maximum k in the problem is such that x +k is still in [0,2], so k is in [-2, 2], but for our case, the shift in the code is discrete. Hmm, maybe the code is correct.

But maybe the code could be improved by using a different way to compute the max overlap. For example, for each shift k in a certain range, compute the overlap and find the maximum. However, for the code to be efficient, it's better to compute this via the cross-correlation.

But perhaps the code's current objective is not the best. Let me think. The cross-correlation in mode 'full' gives for each shift (from -n+1 to +n-1) the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) over the overlapping region of x and x+k. However, since the actual integral is over x where both x and x +k are in [0, 2], the cross-correlation value (times dx) should correspond to the actual integral. So the code is correct.

So the problem is to find the h vector that minimizes the maximum of the cross-correlation values (times dx).

So perhaps the key is to find a better optimization approach. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP, but maybe with a different method or with a better initial guess.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum value, perhaps using a method that directly targets the maximum. For example, using a gradient-based approach that minimizes the maximum by adjusting h to reduce the largest current overlap.

Alternatively, using a heuristic approach where for each sample, we adjust the h values to reduce the maximum overlap. But this may be too vague.

Another approach is to use a combination of multiple optimizations. For example, start with a random initial guess, then perform a few iterations of simulated annealing to escape local minima, then refine with a local optimization.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the previous code's approach can be improved by:

1. Using a better initial guess. The initial_h_values may already be a decent starting point, but if not, generating a better initial guess.

2. Using a different optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method which is a variant of the BFGS algorithm with bounds.

3. Tuning the optimization parameters, such as increasing the number of iterations, adjusting the tolerance, or using a different solver.

Alternatively, using a different way to compute the objective. For example, instead of taking the maximum of the cross-correlation, perhaps using a regularized objective that penalizes large overlaps. However, this might complicate the problem.

Another thought: perhaps the code should focus on reducing the maximum overlap for the most critical shifts. For example, the shifts that are most likely to cause high overlap. But how to determine which shifts those are?

Alternatively, the code could use a multi-stage optimization where first, the maximum is minimized, then subsequent optimizations target the next maximum, etc. However, this could get complex.

Let me think about the previous code. The initial guess was random, but maybe there's a better way to generate the initial guess. For example, using a periodic pattern or a known construction for the Erdős problem that could help.

Wait, in the Erdős problem, the goal is to place points such that the minimum overlap is maximized. But I'm not sure if that's directly applicable here. However, there might be known constructions that could be adapted.

Another idea: using a function that is a union of intervals placed in a way that they don't overlap when shifted by any amount. For example, if we can find intervals that, when shifted, don't overlap with the original set, then the overlap would be zero. But for a function with integral 1 over [0,2], this might be impossible. So perhaps the function should be designed to have overlapping regions that are as small as possible when shifted by any k.

But how to construct such a function? Maybe using a set of intervals that are spaced out so that their shifted versions do not overlap much.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 over certain non-overlapping intervals, but since the integral is 1, the total length of the intervals must be 1. For example, placing a single interval of length 1 at some position, then the overlap with shifts would depend on the shift. But this may not be optimal.

Another example: placing two intervals of length 0.5, spaced apart. Then for shifts that don't cause the intervals to overlap, the overlap would be small. However, when shifted by certain amounts, the intervals might overlap, leading to higher overlaps.

But how to find the best arrangement of intervals? This seems similar to the covering problem, where we want to minimize the maximum overlap when shifting.

But given that the problem requires a step function with n_points samples, perhaps the code should try to model the best known solutions for similar problems.

Alternatively, think about the current code's result. The previous code achieved a C₅ bound of 0.384137. The target is to get lower than 0.38085. So there is a gap. How to close this gap?

Maybe trying a different approach. For example, using a convex relaxation of the problem. But I'm not sure how to do that. Alternatively, using a gradient-based optimization with a better initial guess.

Let me think about the code again. The current code uses SLSQP, which requires the objective function to be differentiable. However, the objective is the maximum of the cross-correlation values, which is not differentiable. Therefore, the optimization might not be effective because the gradients are not well-defined, leading to poor convergence.

This is a problem. How can we handle this? The previous code uses SLSQP, which might have issues with the non-smooth objective. Perhaps a better approach is to use a different optimization method that can handle non-smooth objectives. 

One idea is to use the 'COBYLA' method in scipy.optimize, which can handle bounds and doesn't require gradients. However, the objective function is still the maximum of the cross-correlation values. For COBYLA, the objective function needs to be smooth, but the maximum function is not. Therefore, COBYLA might not be suitable either.

Alternatively, perhaps the code should compute the objective as the maximum of the cross-correlation values, and use a different method. But since the function is not differentiable, maybe the optimization is challenging.

Another approach is to use a penalty method, where the objective is the maximum value, but during optimization, the code minimizes this value by adjusting h. However, since the maximum is not differentiable, the gradients are not well-defined, making it hard for gradient-based methods to proceed.

So what's another option? Maybe using a different representation of h. For example, instead of a real-valued vector, model h as a binary vector (0 or 1), but this might not be allowed as per the problem statement. Wait, no, the problem says that h(x) is a step function, so it can have any values between 0 and 1, not necessarily only 0 and 1. So using a continuous representation is better.

But the difficulty remains in the optimization's non-smooth objective function. 

Another idea: approximate the maximum by using the maximum over a subset of shifts, which could be easier to optimize. For example, instead of considering all shifts, focus on a few critical ones. However, this might not yield the optimal solution.

Alternatively, use a different way to compute the objective. For example, for each shift k, compute the integral and take the maximum. Then, during the optimization, the model tries to minimize this maximum. But again, how to handle the non-differentiable maximum.

Another thought: the current code uses the full cross-correlation, which gives the maximum over all possible shifts. But perhaps the maximum occurs for specific k values, such as k=1 or k=0.5. If we can identify those, we can focus the optimization on those shifts. However, without knowing which k's are critical, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, for a given h, compute the maximum of the cross-correlation and then use a derivative-free optimization method. For example, the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex algorithm. This method doesn't require gradients, so it could handle the non-smooth objective.

Let me think about the previous code's approach. If the code uses Nelder-Mead instead of SLSQP, that might be more effective. But how to implement that.

Alternatively, use the 'SLSQP' method but with a modified objective function that is differentiable. For example, approximate the maximum with a smooth function. One way to do this is to use a smoothing function that approximates the maximum of several functions. However, this would complicate the code and may not be feasible in the time available.

Another option: use a Bayesian optimization approach, which is effective for optimizing expensive black-box functions. However, implementing Bayesian optimization in the code would require additional libraries or custom code, which may not be feasible under the given time constraints.

Given the time and resource constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code by switching to a different optimization method, such as 'L-BFGS-B' with bounds, or using a different initial guess. 

Let me also consider that the initial_h_values provided may be a good starting point. For example, if the initial_h_values is a known good construction, then optimizing from there may yield better results. But since the user says that the initial_h_values is the current construction, which may be a random one, maybe the code can try to use a better initial guess.

Another idea: precompute a few different initial guesses with different patterns and run the optimization from each, then select the best result among them. For example, using a periodic pattern or a pattern based on a certain mathematical function.

But how to generate these initial guesses algorithmically? For example, creating a pattern where h is 1 for certain intervals and 0 for others, then sampling it at n_points points.

Alternatively, for a simple initial guess, use a function that is 1 over the first half of the interval and 0 over the second half, but this may not be optimal. But perhaps this is a good starting point.

However, given the time constraints, I need to focus on modifying the previous code to get better results. So perhaps the key is to:

1. Use a better initial guess, not just random.
2. Use a different optimization method.
3. Tune the optimization parameters.

Let me try to implement the first idea. Instead of using a random initial guess, perhaps use a function that has more structure. For example, a periodic function or a function that alternates between 1 and 0.

But since the function is a step function with n_points samples, how to generate this. For example, create a function that is 1 for the first m samples and 0 for the rest, but adjusted to have integral 1. For example, if n_points is 45, then the sum of the h should be 45/2 = 22.5. So m should be chosen such that m * 1 + (45 - m) * 0 = m = 22.5. Since m must be an integer, this is not possible. So perhaps alternating between 1 and 0, with some lower values.

But creating a structured initial guess might be better than random. For example, create a Gauss-like function or a step function with certain patterns.

Alternatively, for the initial guess, use a function that has a certain periodicity. For example, for n_points samples, create a vector that alternates between 0 and 1 in some fashion. But again, the integral must be 1.

Alternatively, create an initial guess that is a series of pulses. For example, placing several intervals of length l, such that the total length is 1. For example, if there are two intervals of length 0.5, spaced out. 

But how to model this as a vector. Let's say n_points is 45, dx = 2/45 ≈ 0.0444. If we want two intervals of length 0.5, then the length of each interval is 0.5 / dx ≈ 11.25. So each interval would cover approximately 11 samples. For example, set segments 0-11 and 23-34 to 1, and others to 0. But this is just an idea.

But the code needs to generate this initial guess algorithmically. For example, using a certain pattern.

But I'm not sure what the best pattern is. Perhaps using the previous code's initial guess, which was random, but then trying to optimize it.

Alternatively, perhaps the code should use the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a bounded optimization method, and apply it with a different initial guess. Or try to use a different optimization method that can handle the non-smooth objective.

But given the time constraints, perhaps trying to modify the previous code by switching the optimization method and increasing the number of iterations.

In the previous code, the method was 'SLSQP' with maxiter=100. Maybe increasing the maxiter to 200 or 500 could help, but would that be feasible within 100 seconds? Also, the time depends on the number of iterations and the time per iteration.

Another possibility is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'COBYLA' solver, which is designed for bounded optimization problems with smooth objectives. However, the objective function is not smooth, but perhaps it can still work.

But how to proceed? Let me think of adjusting the parameters.

So, here's a plan for the new code:

- Use a better initial guess, perhaps based on a known structure.
- Use a different optimization method, such as COBYLA or L-BFGS-B.
- Increase the number of iterations and adjust tolerance parameters.
- Use a different way to compute the objective function if possible.

Now, the previous code uses a random initial guess, which may be suboptimal. Let me think - what if we use a structured initial guess, like a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, such that the integral is 1. For example, placing m intervals of length 1/m each, distributed in the interval [0,2]. But how to generate this as an initial guess.

Alternatively, use a function that is 1 with certain regular intervals. For example, for n_points = 45, dx = 2/45 ≈ 0.0444. Suppose we create a function that is 1 for samples i where i % k == 0, for some k, and 0 otherwise. But this is just an idea.

Alternatively, use a sine function as a starting point, sampled at the n_points points, and then clipped to [0,1].

But generating such guesses may be time-consuming and complex. However, the user says that the initial_h_values is provided, and we can use it directly. So perhaps the code should start from that initial_h_values, and try to optimize it.

Therefore, the key improvements to make would be:

1. Use a better optimization method, such as COBYLA or L-BFGS-B.
2. Increase the number of iterations.
3. Improve the initial guess by using the provided initial_h_values.

So, modifying the previous code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP.

But I also need to consider that the initial_h_values may not be feasible. So, first, adjust it to meet the sum constraint. The previous code does that by scaling.

Let me also think about the previous code's objective function. The code computes the maximum of the cross-correlation values and returns that as the objective. However, the maximum value is not differentiable, so the optimizer might have trouble. To handle this, perhaps using a different objective function that is smooth. However, this complicates the code.

An alternative approach is to use the CVXOPT library for convex optimization, but I'm not sure how to formulate the problem as a convex one.

Alternatively, since the problem is a non-convex optimization, perhaps the code can use a randomized approach, like trying multiple initial guesses and selecting the best result.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to switch to the 'COBYLA' method, which is more robust to non-smooth objectives and can handle bounds.

Let me try modifying the previous code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP. Here's how:

Change the method to 'COBYLA' in the minimize function. Set the constraints as before, and adjust the options for more iterations.

But how to handle the objective function? Since COBYLA doesn't require gradients, it might be more effective here.

So, the modified code would be:

In the 'run' function, after adjusting the initial_h_values to meet the sum constraint, use minimize with method='COBYLA' and adjust maxiter and other parameters.

But how does the COBYLA method perform with this objective? Let's proceed.

Another optimization is to use a different objective function. For example, instead of returning the maximum value, could we use a different formulation? For example, minimizing the maximum by splitting it into multiple constraints. However, this would require adding multiple constraints to the optimization, which isn't feasible for a large number of possible k's.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where the objective is the maximum value plus a penalty for not meeting the constraints. But this is similar to what the previous code does.

Thus, the code would be adjusted as follows:

Use the 'COBYLA' method, with the same objective function as before.

Another idea: use a multi-start optimization, where multiple initial guesses are tried, and the best result is returned. But this would take more time, which may not fit within 100 seconds.

Given the time, it's better to focus on optimizing the current code as much as possible.

So, the new code will:

- Use the initial_h_values provided.
- Adjust it to meet the sum constraint.
- Use COBYLA method for optimization.
- Increase the maxiter and adjust other parameters.

Let me try to write this code.

Also, considering that the previous code returned a C₅ bound of 0.384137, which is higher than the target of 0.38085, the code needs to make substantial improvements.

Another possibility is to use a different discretization. For example, increasing n_points. Let me think: the previous code used n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 45. But maybe using more points could allow for a better approximation of the function, leading to a better bound. However, the user prefers smaller sequences to save time. So, using n_points=45 is better than larger values like 100.

But perhaps the initial_h_values has a higher n_points, which I can't determine. However, the user's comment says that smaller sequences are preferred, so using n_points=45 is likely better.

Another idea: use a different evaluation of the objective function. For example, when computing the maximum, focus on a subset of the cross-correlation values that are most likely to contribute to the maximum. For example, not using all the cross-correlation values, but only those corresponding to shifts in a certain range. But how to determine which shifts are important?

But how to implement that. For example, compute the cross-correlation and take the maximum of the first few and last few values, as well as the middle values. This would reduce the number of evaluations, which could speed up the optimization.

Alternatively, given the cross-correlation result, take the maximum of the first 100 values and the last 100 values and the middle. But how to determine this in code?

This could potentially speed up the optimization, but may not be effective. However, it's worth trying.

In any case, the main changes to the code are:

- Replace the SLSQP method with COBYLA.
- Adjust the optimization options.
- Use the provided initial_h_values.

Now, let me try to write the code accordingly.

Wait, the previous code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which gives a 2n-1 length array. The maximum value of this array multiplied by dx is C₅.

So, the objective function is defined as the max value of this array.

Now, the code for the objective function is:

def objective(x):
    corr = np.correlate(x, 1.0 - x, mode='full')
    max_corr_value = np.max(corr)
    return max_corr_value

But for the 'COBYLA' method, this function is acceptable.

So, now, modify the code to use COBYLA.

But also, the initial guess is adjusted to meet the sum constraint.

Now, testing this code should give better results.

Another thing to consider: the initial_h_values may have a sum that is close to n_points / 2, but the code adjusts it by scaling. So, that part is correct.

Now, implementing this in code.

Another idea: use the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds and a custom objective function. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, use a Bayesian optimization approach with a random forest surrogate model, but that would be complex and time-consuming.

Given the time, it's best to proceed with the COBYLA method.

So, the modified code would have:

result = minimize(
    fun=objective,
    x0=h,
    method='COBYLA',
    bounds=[(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)],
    constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint},
    options={
        'maxiter': 200,
        'disp': False,
        'ftol': 1e-6
    }
)

This increases the maxiter to 200 and uses COBYLA.

But what are the options for COBYLA? The 'ftol' is a tolerance on the function value. 

But I'm not sure about the exact options, but this is a starting point.

Now, the code can be written.

Another thing to note is that the initial_h_values may not be the best, so if the user's code has a good initial guess, this may lead to better results.

But without knowing the actual initial_h_values, I have to rely on the provided code's initial setup.

Thus, the updated code would be as follows.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize

# Pre-imported helpers
evaluate_erdos_solution = lambda h: 0.0  # Placeholder; actual funcion is in environment
initial_h_values = np.random.rand(45) * 1.0  # Placeholder; actual value is in environment

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    h = initial_h_values.copy()
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    # Adjust initial h to ensure sum constraint
    h_sum = np.sum(h)
    if abs(h_sum - n_points / 2) > 1e-6:
        h = h * (n_points / 2) / h_sum

    def objective(x):
        corr = np.correlate(x, 1.0 - x, mode='full')
        max_corr_value = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr_value

    def constraint(x):
        return np.sum(x) - n_points / 2

    # Optimize using COBYLA method for better handling of non-smooth objectives
    result = minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=h,
        method='COBYLA',
        bounds=[(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)],
        constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint},
        options={
            'maxiter': 200,
            'disp': False,
            'ftol': 1e-6,
            'rhobeg': 1e-3,
            'rhoend': 1e-6
        }
    )
    
    h_opt = result.x
    corr = np.correlate(h_opt, 1.0 - h_opt, mode='full')
    max_corr_value = np.max(corr)
    c5_bound = max_corr_value * dx
    
    return (h_opt, c5_bound, n_points)
```