<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous approach used a genetic algorithm with a population of solutions, but the result wasn't good enough. Let me think about how to improve this.

First, the current code uses a genetic algorithm with random mutations and crossover. But maybe there's a better way. Since the problem is about optimizing a function with constraints, perhaps using a more structured optimization method would help. Maybe gradient-based methods or convex optimization techniques could be applicable here. But the problem is non-convex, so convex methods might not work directly. However, maybe some form of coordinate descent or simulated annealing?

Wait, the constraints are that the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1, and h(x) ∈ [0,1]. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap integral over shifts. So, the overlap integral is the correlation between h and 1-h, and the maximum over different shifts. The challenge is to find a function h that minimizes this maximum value.

The previous approach used a population-based genetic algorithm, which could get stuck in local optima. Maybe a better approach is to use a more targeted search, such as Bayesian optimization or using a different heuristic. Alternatively, maybe using a greedy algorithm that iteratively improves the function by checking for regions where the overlap is high and adjusting those regions.

Alternatively, since the problem involves minimizing the maximum of several integrals, perhaps we can model this as a minimax problem and use numerical optimization techniques. For example, using a gradient descent approach where we try to minimize the maximum overlap by adjusting the function h in the direction that reduces the largest overlap.

But how can we compute the gradients? The overlap integral depends on the function h and its shifted version. The function is non-linear and non-convex, making derivative-based methods challenging.

Another angle: since the overlap is the maximum over different shifts, maybe we can find a pattern in the function h that leads to a lower maximum overlap. For instance, if h has a periodic structure, maybe that helps. The problem is similar to constructing a function with certain low autocorrelation properties, like in the case of sequences with low autocorrelation, which is similar to the concept of Barker codes.

Wait, but here the function is over a continuous interval, not discrete. So maybe a similar idea applies—constructing a function that is "spread out" so that shifting it doesn't result in large overlaps.

The previous initial_h_values is a given, so maybe I can start from there and try to refine it. But the genetic approach might not be efficient enough. Maybe a better approach is to use a simulated annealing algorithm, which can escape local minima by allowing some uphill moves.

But how to implement simulated annealing here? The state is the array h, with constraints. Each move would involve perturbing the h values and checking if the objective improves. However, given the computational budget of 100 seconds, perhaps a more efficient algorithm is needed.

Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach, where each particle represents a possible h and moves through the search space, adjusting its velocity based on personal and global bests.

But perhaps a better idea is to use a more structured approach, like using a piecewise constant function with certain properties. For example, if we can model h as a set of intervals with certain values, and then try to optimize the positions and lengths of these intervals.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to designing a function that has minimal overlap when shifted, maybe there's a known mathematical construction or an approximation method that can be used. For instance, using Fourier analysis, since the overlap integral can be viewed as a convolution. The maximum value of the convolution might be related to the Fourier transform's properties. But I'm not sure how to apply this directly.

Another idea: since the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum of these over k, we need to ensure that for any shift k, the integral is small. This might be related to the function being as "spread out" as possible, avoiding peaks that can be overlapped when shifted.

If we can construct a function that is uniform but with certain variations, maybe that would help. For example, if h is a step function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

But how to translate this into code? Maybe using a grid search with some intelligent perturbations. However, given the computational budget, we need an efficient method.

Alternatively, maybe using a convex optimization approach by relaxing the problem. For example, treating h as a continuous variable and using Lagrange multipliers to handle the integral constraint. But the objective is non-convex, so this might not work. However, if we can find a way to approximate it, perhaps with some regularization.

Wait, the previous code uses a population-based approach with mutations and crossovers, which is a form of evolutionary algorithm. Maybe the problem is that the genetic algorithm isn't exploring the solution space effectively. Perhaps we can try a different optimization strategy, such as a more aggressive mutation or a different selection mechanism.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based approach with some regularization. For example, treating h as a vector and trying to minimize the maximum of the overlaps. However, since the maximum is a non-smooth function, gradients might not be straightforward, but using subgradients or some form of proximal methods could be possible.

But implementing this in code might be tricky. Let's think about the previous code's approach. It samples a population, applies mutations and crossovers, and then evaluates the fitness. Perhaps the issue is that the initial population isn't diverse enough or the mutation steps are too small.

Another idea: since the problem involves a maximum over multiple shifts, maybe we can focus on optimizing the h to minimize each shift's overlap. However, the maximum is the worst-case, so we need to ensure that all shifts are considered. Perhaps using a multi-objective optimization where we try to balance the overlaps across different shifts.

Alternatively, using a greedy approach where we iterate over each shift and adjust h to reduce the overlap for that shift, then move to the next. But this could lead to oscillations and getting stuck in local minima.

Alternatively, maybe using a Monte Carlo approach with some smart sampling, but I'm not sure.

Let me think about what the initial_h_values could be. The initial construction is given, and perhaps it's a known good starting point. But if the previous code started from there and didn't find a better solution, maybe another starting point could be better. However, the user says to use initial_h_values if available, so we need to start from there.

So perhaps the genetic algorithm can be improved by using different parameters. For example, increasing the population size, but given the time budget, that might not be feasible. Alternatively, using more aggressive mutations or different crossover strategies.

Alternatively, using a more efficient evaluation method. For example, precomputing all possible shifts and their overlaps, then focusing the optimization on the shifts that contribute the most to the maximum.

But in the previous code, the evaluation is done by computing the full correlation, which might be time-consuming for large n_points. However, the user says that smaller n_points are preferred. The initial n_points is 45, which is manageable.

Another thought: the previous code uses a local scaling to ensure the integral constraint is satisfied. Maybe this can be improved. For instance, after mutation, the code scales the h values to meet the sum constraint. But maybe this introduces some bias, causing the h values to be too large or small in certain regions. Perhaps using a more sophisticated normalization step?

Alternatively, using a method like the simplex algorithm or another optimization technique. But since the problem is non-convex, these might not be straightforward.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a binary search approach. Fix a target value for C₅ and check whether there exists a function h that satisfies the constraints and has all overlaps below this value. If we can find such a function, we can try to lower the target. This is a classic approach in optimization problems with a binary search on the objective.

However, implementing this would require a way to check feasibility for a given target. The feasibility check would involve finding h that satisfies the constraints and for all shifts k, the overlap integral is less than the target. But solving this feasibility problem is non-trivial, as it's an optimization problem with a complex objective.

But maybe we can use a combination of techniques. For example, use a binary search on C₅, and for each target, use a numerical optimization method to find a feasible h. If we can do this, we might find a tighter upper bound.

However, the feasibility check is another optimization problem. Solving this would require a way to handle the maximum over shifts, which is the main challenge. It's unclear how to implement this efficiently within the time budget.

Another angle: since the problem is similar to designing a signal with low autocorrelation, maybe using known methods from signal processing. For example, using a sequence with low autocorrelation, like a Barker code, but adapted to the continuous case. However, I'm not sure how to translate that into a function h that meets the integral constraint.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of sinusoidal or other functions that have minimal overlap when shifted. For example, a function with certain frequencies that cancel out when shifted, but this is vague.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing genetic algorithm by modifying the mutation and crossover strategies. For example, using a different mutation that better explores the search space, or using a more effective selection mechanism.

Another idea: instead of using a population of solutions, perhaps use a single solution and iteratively improve it using a gradient-based approach. This could be a form of coordinate descent where each parameter (i.e., each h[i]) is adjusted to decrease the maximum overlap.

But how to compute the gradient? The overlap for each shift depends on the function in a non-linear way. Perhaps using a local gradient approximation for a single shift, then adjusting the function to minimize that overlap, and then handling other shifts as well. However, this is complex.

Alternatively, using a simulated annealing approach where each state is a possible h, and transitions are made by perturbing the h values. The key is to balance exploration (trying new states) and exploitation (refining good states).

Let me think about how to implement this. The simulated annealing would have an initial h, then iteratively generate new h by perturbing it, calculate the new C₅ value, and accept the new h with a certain probability based on the temperature schedule.

This might be more efficient than a genetic algorithm, as it doesn't require maintaining a population. However, it could be more computationally intensive per iteration, but with a well-tuned cooling schedule, it might find better solutions.

But how to choose the perturbation step? For example, perturbing each element with a small random change and then normalizing to meet the integral constraint.

Let me outline steps for a simulated annealing approach:

1. Initialize h with the initial_h_values.
2. Compute the initial C₅ value.
3. Set a temperature and cooling schedule.
4. While temperature is above a minimum:
   a. Perturb h to create a new candidate h_candidate.
   b. Check if the candidate satisfies the integral constraint. If not, scale it to meet it.
   c. Compute the C₅ of the candidate.
   d. If the candidate has a lower C₅ than the current best, accept it.
   e. Else, accept it with a probability based on the temperature and the difference in C₅.
   f. Cool the temperature.
5. Return the best h found.

This approach might be more effective than the genetic algorithm in certain cases, especially if the solution space is unimodal or if the best solution is found through careful exploration.

However, implementing this in code requires handling the perturbations and the cooling schedule. Also, the problem is that the C₅ is the maximum over several shifts, so each perturbation might affect different shifts differently.

Another consideration is the speed. With a time budget of 100 seconds, how many iterations can be done? If each iteration takes about 0.1 seconds, then 1000 iterations could be possible. But each iteration requires computing the max overlap integral, which for a 45-point function would involve O(n) operations.

In the previous code, the evaluation uses np.correlate, which is efficient. So for a 45-point function, the correlation is manageable.

So, perhaps implementing a simulated annealing approach with careful cooling and perturbation steps could yield better results.

Alternatively, combining elements of both approaches: using a genetic algorithm with a more effective mutation strategy, maybe using a tournament selection or a different crossover method, and better control over the selection and mutation rates.

Another idea: the previous code had a problem that after mutations, the h values were scaled to meet the integral constraint. But this scaling could be causing issues, such as making some regions of h too high or too low. Perhaps using a different normalization method, like directly adjusting the sum of h to meet the constraint. However, the code already does that by scaling.

Alternatively, considering that the sum is n_points/2, which is exactly half of the n_points. For example, with n_points = 45, the sum should be 22.5. The code scales the h array so that the sum is correct. But perhaps instead of scaling all at once, we can use a constrained optimization approach, like using Lagrange multipliers, to find h that meets the integral constraint while minimizing the overlap.

But again, this is a non-convex problem and might not be tractable.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient initial population. The previous code starts with the initial_h_values and adds random noise. Maybe starting with a better initial population would help. For example, generating a few different perturbations of the initial_h_values and using them as the initial population. But this could be similar to the current approach.

Alternatively, the initial_h_values might have a structure that can be improved by adjusting certain regions. For instance, if there are regions where the function is too concentrated, perhaps spreading them out would reduce the overlap.

Given that I need to write code that fits within the constraints and the time budget, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing genetic algorithm by making some changes that could lead to better exploration of the solution space. For example:

- Using a larger population size.
- Using a more effective mutation strategy, such as varying the mutation step size.
- Using a different crossover method, like averaging the parents or using a blend crossover.
- Using a more effective selection mechanism, like tournament selection.
- Using a better way to scale the h values to maintain the integral constraint.

But how to implement this in code?

Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm, such as a particle swarm optimization (PSO), where each particle tracks its best position and updates its velocity based on the global best position.

PSO could be more efficient in certain scenarios. The particles would represent possible h functions, and the velocity would adjust the particles towards better solutions.

However, the code for PSO is somewhat involved, but perhaps manageable.

Alternatively, considering the previous code's approach, perhaps the main issue is that the mutations are too small and the crossovers not effective enough. So, increasing the mutation step or varying it could help.

Another idea: instead of using random mutations, using a greedy mutation that targets the regions where the overlap is highest. For example, for each h, find the shift k that gives the highest overlap integral, then adjust the h to reduce that particular overlap. This is more of a local optimization step, but could be combined with a global search.

But how to implement this? For a given h, compute the maximum overlap integral for some k, then adjust the h to decrease that overlap. However, this requires knowing which k to target, and how to adjust the h to reduce it.

This seems complex, but perhaps manageable. For example, for the current h, find the k that gives the worst overlap, then apply a small perturbation to h that would reduce the overlap for that k. This would be a local search step that could be used in conjunction with other methods.

But integrating this into an optimization routine would require careful implementation.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best plan is to build on the existing genetic algorithm code but make some improvements. For example:

1. Use a more effective crossover method, like blending the parents' values.
2. Increase the mutation rate or variance to explore the solution space better.
3. Use a different selection mechanism, like tournament selection.
4. Use a more efficient scaling method to maintain the integral constraint.

In the previous code, the crossover is a simple selection of parent's values with a 50% chance. Using a blend crossover could lead to better mixing of solutions. For example, for each position, the child's value is a weighted average of the parents' values. This could help in generating more diverse solutions.

Alternatively, using a crossover that averages the two parents, leading to offspring that are in between the parents. This might help in moving towards better solutions.

Another change could be to use a tournament selection method, where the best individuals are selected for the next generation, instead of random selection. This could help in preserving better solutions.

Also, the mutation step could be adjusted. Instead of adding normal noise with a fixed standard deviation, perhaps using a more adaptive mutation that depends on the current temperature or the current best solution.

But given the time, perhaps modifying the existing code in the following way:

- Replace the crossover with a blend crossover between parents.
- Adjust the mutation step to be larger initially and smaller as the algorithm progresses.
- Use tournament selection for the next generation.
- Add a more robust scaling method to ensure that the integral constraint is satisfied.

Let me outline these changes in code.

First, the population initialization: the code currently adds random normal noise around the initial_h_values. Maybe starting with some perturbations but then using better crossover and mutation steps.

Then, in the crossover step, instead of randomly selecting between parents, blend their values. For example, child[i] = p1[i] * alpha + p2[i] * (1 - alpha), where alpha is a random value between 0 and 1. This could lead to more diversity.

In the mutation step, instead of adding a fixed normal noise, perhaps use a larger mutation step initially and reduce it over time, or vary it based on the current best solution.

Also, the scaling after mutation could be more precise. For example, after mutation, check the sum and scale it to meet the requirement exactly.

Another idea: during crossover, ensure that the resulting offspring meets the integral constraint by scaling. But this could be computationally expensive. However, in the current code, after mutation and crossover, the code scales the child to meet the constraint.

Another consideration: the previous code uses a fixed population size and replaces the entire population in each iteration. Perhaps increasing the population size could lead to better exploration, but with the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Putting this all together, here's a plan for the code:

Modify the genetic algorithm to use a blend crossover between parents, tournament selection for the next generation, and more aggressive mutations. Also, ensure that after each mutation and crossover, the h is scaled to meet the integral constraint.

Additionally, track the best solution found so far and use it as the basis for mutations.

But I need to write this in Python code that fits within the time budget and the constraints.

Let me think about the code structure. The function run(...) will have to create an initial population, perform iterations, and return the best solution.

In the previous code, the initial population is created by adding random noise to the initial_h_values. Let's keep that as the initial population.

For the crossover, instead of selecting values randomly between parents, use a blend crossover. For example:

child[i] = p1[i] * a + p2[i] * (1 - a), where a is a random number between 0 and 1.

This might produce children that are more diverse and could lead to better solutions.

Also, in the mutation step, perhaps introduce a larger mutation step initially, then reduce it as the algorithm progresses. For example, using a cooling schedule similar to simulated annealing.

Alternatively, use a fixed mutation step but with different variance.

Another idea: after blending the parents, apply a mutation to each child by adding some noise, then scale to meet the constraint.

In the current code, after mutation, the code scales the child, but the mutation could be a small perturbation.

But to make the code more efficient, perhaps the mutation step could be adjusted.

Now, putting this into code:

The initial population could be generated as the initial_h_values plus some random noise, and then scaled. Then, for each iteration, the best individual is selected, and a new population is generated from it via crossover and mutation.

The code would have to track the best solution and use that as a basis for the new generation.

Another change: in the current code, after crossover, the children are generated by selecting between parents, and then applying a small mutation. With the blend crossover, perhaps this leads to better exploration.

Also, the previous code has a loop that runs for the time budget. Each iteration of the loop generates a new population based on the best individual.

But perhaps the code can be improved by using a more effective selection method. For example, instead of random selection, selecting the best individual and using it as a basis for the next generation.

But in the current code, the best individual is used to create a new population with crossover and mutation steps.

Alternatively, use a more effective evolution process where the population is updated by combining the best individuals with random perturbations.

In any case, the code should explore the solution space more effectively than the original approach.

Another optimization: since the previous code uses a fixed population size, perhaps the best approach is to keep the population size small and focus on evolving the best individuals.

So, the revised code might look like this:

- Initialize population with initial_h_values plus random noise.
- For each iteration within the budget:
   - Evaluate fitness (C5)
   - Select the best individual
   - Generate new population by mutating and crossing over with the best individual.
   - Replace the old population with the new one.
- After budget, return the best individual found.

This approach focuses on improving the best individual by using it as a basis for mutations and crossovers.

Let me outline this in code.

Now, to implement the blend crossover:

For two parents p1 and p2, for each i:

child[i] = p1[i] * alpha + p2[i] * (1 - alpha), where alpha is a random value between 0 and 1.

This would create a blend of the two parents.

Mutation: for each child, after blending, apply a small random perturbation, then scale to meet the integral constraint.

But in the previous code, the mutation was applied after crossover. So, with the blend crossover, the mutation step could be adjusted.

But in the new code, the mutation could be applied after the crossover, and then the child is scaled.

Let me think about the code steps.

Another thing to note: the sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. Scaling after mutation ensures that.

Now, let me think about how to code this.

The previous code had:

population = [initial_h.copy() + np.random.normal(0, 0.1, n_points) for _ in range(population_size)]

But that's not correct. Wait, the initial population is created by taking the initial_h_values and adding some noise. But the initial_h_values may already satisfy the sum constraint. So scaling after adding noise is necessary.

But the initial population is generated by adding noise and then scaling.

In any case, the code needs to ensure that after mutation and crossover, the integral constraint is met.

Now, implementing the blend crossover:

For each pair of parents, generate a child by blending them.

But with the population size being the same as the initial, perhaps generating a new population based on the best individual.

But maybe the code can be modified as follows:

Each iteration of the loop creates a new population by taking the best individual and generating offspring via crossover with other individuals in the population. However, this could be complex.

Alternatively, the code can focus on evolving the best individual, using it as a basis for the new population.

For example:

In each generation, the best individual is selected. Then, a new population is generated by creating offspring from this best individual and other individuals, using crossover and mutation.

But to keep the code simple, perhaps the new population is generated by taking the best individual and performing crossover and mutation on it to create new individuals.

In the previous code, the new_pop is created by taking the best individual and then generating other individuals via crossover and mutation.

But in the revised code, perhaps the crossover is done between the best and other individuals.

Alternatively, the code could generate multiple children by blending the best with other individuals in the population.

But this is getting complicated.

Another idea: the previous code's mutation step is adding a normal noise, and then scaling. If we replace that with a larger mutation step, it might explore more of the solution space. However, this could lead to solutions that don't satisfy the constraint, so scaling is necessary.

In any case, the code must ensure that after any mutation, the sum is corrected.

Given all this, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code by changing the crossover method to a blend crossover and adjusting the mutation step.

Thus, the code would look like this:

In the population generation loop, instead of randomly selecting between parents, use a blend crossover. For example, for each child, take two parents and blend them.

But to generate a new population, the code could take the best individual and blend it with other individuals in the population to create new ones.

Alternatively, the code could generate new children by blending the best individual with other individuals, then mutate them, then scale.

This would be more efficient than maintaining a large population.

But in code terms, the new population is created by taking the best individual and generating a new set of offspring through crossover with other individuals.

But this is getting complex. Perhaps the best way is to adjust the crossover and mutation steps as follows:

For each step in the loop:

- Evaluate the fitness of the population.
- Select the best individual.
- Generate new individuals by taking the best and other individuals in the population, blending them, applying mutation, then scaling.

This way, the code focuses on improving the best individual by generating children that combine it with others.

In the previous code, the new population is generated by taking the best and generating new children through crossover with other individuals. The code also uses mutation during this process.

Now, to implement a more effective crossover, such as blend between the best and a random individual from the population.

In code, for each child:

child = np.random.rand() * best + (1 - np.random.rand()) * other_parent

But this is a blend crossover.

So, modifying the code's crossover step would involve generating children by blending the best individual with other individuals, then applying mutation and scaling.

This is more aggressive than the previous crossover approach.

This change could lead to more exploration of the solution space.

In addition, adjusting the mutation step to be larger could help in exploring the space.

Thus, the code can be modified as follows:

In the population generation loop, for each new individual, generate a child by blending the best individual with a random other individual in the population, then mutate it.

This way, the code focuses on combining the best individual with others to create better offspring.

But how to implement this in code?

In the previous code, the new_pop is generated by taking the best and then generating population_size - 1 new individuals via crossover and mutation.

So, modifying that part:

In the new_pop creation, for each new individual, we could take the best and a random parent, blend them, apply mutation, scale, etc.

Thus, the code would look like this:

for _ in range(population_size - 1):
    p1 = best_h
    p2 = random.choice(population)  # could be any other individual
    child = np.array([p1[i] * np.random.rand() + p2[i] * (1 - np.random.rand()) for i in range(n_points)])
    # apply mutation
    for i in range(n_points):
        if random.random() < 0.1:
            child[i] += np.random.normal(0, 0.05)
            child[i] = np.clip(child[i], 0.0, 1.0)
    # scale to meet the constraint
    total = np.sum(child)
    scale = (n_points / 2) / total if total != 0 else 1.0
    child = child * scale
    child = np.clip(child, 0.0, 1.0)
    new_pop.append(child)

This way, each new individual is a blend of the best and another parent, which could lead to more effective exploration.

This approach could help in finding better solutions by combining the best individual with others.

Another change could be to increase the mutation step, but ensuring that the child is still within [0,1] after clipping.

Thus, modifying the mutation part to be more aggressive.

This is the general idea. Now, to implement this in the code.

Now, considering the previous code's structure, I can modify the crossover and mutation parts.

In the previous code, the crossover is between two randomly selected parents. Now, it's between the best and a random parent, with a blend.

This change would make the algorithm focus more on improving the best solution.

Another adjustment is to use a different mutation step. For example, instead of adding 0.05, use a larger value, but this may require careful tuning.

However, since the code must be efficient, perhaps using a smaller mutation step is better.

Putting all this together, the revised code would have a more effective exploration and exploitation strategy.

Thus, the final code would be similar to the previous one, but with changes in the crossover and mutation steps.

Now, let me write this code in the required format, ensuring that it uses the initial_h_values and adheres to the constraints.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import random
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    initial_h = np.array(initial_h_values)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    def compute_c5(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    population_size = 50
    population = [initial_h.copy() + np.random.normal(0, 0.15, n_points) for _ in range(population_size)]
    for i in range(population_size):
        h = population[i]
        total = np.sum(h)
        scale = (n_points / 2) / total if total != 0 else 1.0
        h = h * scale
        h = np.clip(h, 0.0, 1.0)
        population[i] = h
    start_time = time.time()
    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s:
        fitness = [compute_c5(h) for h in population]
        best_idx = np.argmin(fitness)
        best_h = population[best_idx].copy()
        new_pop = [best_h]
        for _ in range(population_size - 1):
            p1 = best_h
            p2 = random.choice(population)
            child = np.array([p1[i] * np.random.rand() + p2[i] * (1 - np.random.rand()) for i in range(n_points)])
            for i in range(n_points):
                if random.random() < 0.1:
                    child[i] += np.random.normal(0, 0.1)
                    child[i] = np.clip(child[i], 0.0, 1.0)
            total = np.sum(child)
            scale = (n_points / 2) / total if total != 0 else 1.0
            child = child * scale
            child = np.clip(child, 0.0, 1.0)
            new_pop.append(child)
        population = new_pop
    fitness = [compute_c5(h) for h in population]
    best_idx = np.argmin(fitness)
    return (population[best_idx].tolist(), fitness[best_idx], n_points)
```