<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code uses a genetic algorithm approach starting from an initial construction. But maybe I can do better with a different approach.

First, the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). The constraints are that h is a step function over [0, 2] with integral 1. The goal is to find h that minimizes the maximum of these integrals, which gives a tighter upper bound on C₅.

The previous approach used a population of candidate solutions, evolved them with crossover and mutation, and scaled them to meet the integral constraint. The current best is around 0.38085. The target is to find something lower, like 0.380876.

Hmm, maybe the genetic algorithm isn't the most efficient here. Perhaps a more targeted optimization approach could work better. Let's think about how to model this problem.

Alternatively, maybe using a gradient-based method. But since the problem is discrete (step function with samples), optimization might be tricky. But maybe we can use some form of numerical optimization with constraints.

Wait, the problem allows us to use any optimization tool from scipy, including CVXOPT, etc. Let me think about formulating this as an optimization problem.

But the problem is to find h: [0, 2] → [0, 1], which is a step function, and minimize the maximum of the integrals over k. However, the maximum is over all k, which is a bit complex. For a given h, we can compute for all possible shifts k the integral, then take the maximum.

But with the current setup, evaluating the maximum for each candidate h is necessary.

Another thought: since the overlap integral is over x and k, maybe we can consider the worst-case shift. But how to model this in an optimization framework?

Alternatively, maybe we can approximate the problem by focusing on certain key shifts. For example, the Erdős problem is concerned with the minimum overlap over all shifts. But for the construction, perhaps the worst case is when k is small, like 1 or 2 units. Maybe focusing on optimizing for specific shifts would help.

Alternatively, perhaps using some variational approach. However, given the constraints, it's not straightforward.

Another idea: since the integral is over all x, maybe we can think about the overlap integral as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the expectation of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) over x, under the uniform measure on [0, 2].

But how to model this for all k?

Wait, maybe the maximum is achieved when k is such that x + k is at the boundaries of the interval. For example, when k is such that x +k is near 0 or 2. But that might not hold for all cases.

Alternatively, think of the function h as a binary step function, but with some overlapping regions. However, the problem allows h to be a step function with samples, so maybe we can model it as a set of intervals where h is 0 or 1, but with more flexibility.

But with the step function being a set of intervals, the integral is straightforward. However, the current approach uses a sampled version. The previous code uses 45 samples (n_points=45) and dx=2/45.

The challenge is to find an h that, for all possible shifts k, the overlap is minimized. The previous code uses a genetic algorithm, which might be getting stuck in local optima.

Maybe a better approach is to use a gradient-based optimization method on the sampled h, with the constraint that the integral is 1. However, the problem is that the objective function (the maximum of integrals over k) is non-smooth and difficult to differentiate, which complicates gradient-based methods.

Alternatively, perhaps using a surrogate model or Bayesian optimization. However, given the time budget, it might be challenging.

Wait, the user allows using CVXOPT, but is that applicable? CVXOPT is for convex optimization. However, the problem here involves maximizing the integral, which is a non-convex problem. So maybe not directly applicable.

Alternatively, perhaps we can use some form of simulated annealing or other local search methods. However, those can be slow without good heuristics.

Alternatively, can we find a construction that's symmetric or has certain properties that help minimize the overlap?

For example, the optimal h might have a certain repeating pattern. Let's think about possible structures.

In the Erdős problem, the known best upper bound was derived using a specific construction (like the one found by the previous code). Maybe there's a way to construct h that is periodic or has multiple segments with certain properties.

Another thought: since the integral has to be 1 over [0,2], the average value of h is 0.5. So, h(x) is a step function that is 1 on some intervals and 0 on others, but with overlapping regions.

Wait, but the integral constraint is ∫h(x)dx =1, so the total length (in terms of the measure over [0,2]) of the regions where h is 1 is 1. So, for example, if h is 1 on some intervals and 0 elsewhere, the total measure of the 1 regions is 1. But the function is a step function with samples, so maybe the optimal h is a partition of [0,2] into intervals where the function is 0 or 1, such that the total measure of 1s is 1.

But how to determine which intervals to choose for 1 to minimize the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, think of the problem as covering the interval [0,2] in a way that when shifted, the overlap with the complement is minimized. This seems similar to a covering problem, but with overlapping.

But how to model this for optimization.

Alternatively, maybe focus on specific shifts. For example, in the previous code, the best solution might have a certain shift that's the worst. We can try to optimize the function to minimize that particular shift's integral, while keeping the others under control.

But the problem is that the maximum over all shifts is the objective, so we need to ensure that all shifts are handled.

Another idea: since the integral over k is the same as the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)), perhaps we can find h such that h(x) and 1 - h(x +k) are as small as possible when overlapping. Maybe arranging h to be 1 on certain regions where for any k, the overlap with 1 - h(x +k) is minimized.

Alternatively, think of h as a union of intervals where for any shift k, the overlap between the regions of h and 1 - h(x +k) is minimized.

But how to achieve that?

Perhaps the optimal h is a set of intervals that are spaced apart in such a way that shifting them doesn't cause too much overlap. For example, if h is 1 on intervals of length 1, spaced periodically. However, with the integral being 1 over [0,2], maybe having two intervals of length 0.5 each, spaced appropriately. But how?

Alternatively, considering the periodicity. For example, if h is 1 on [0, a], [b, c], etc., such that when shifted by k, the overlap with the complement regions is minimized.

But this is quite abstract. Let's think in terms of sample distributions. The previous code uses a population-based approach, but maybe that's not efficient. What if we use a more deterministic approach, like finding the optimal h by considering symmetry?

For instance, a possible optimal h could be symmetric around 1. So h is symmetric on [0, 2], and consists of multiple regions that are evenly spaced.

But how to formalize this? For example, if h is 1 on [0, a], [1, 1+a], etc. But the exact structure is unclear.

Alternatively, think of h as a binary function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 otherwise. The symmetry might help in reducing the maximum overlap.

Let me try to think of an example. Suppose we divide the interval [0,2] into three parts: two intervals where h is 1 and one where it's 0. Wait, but the integral must be 1, so total length of 1s must be 1. So for instance, if we have two intervals of length 0.5 each, that's total length 1. But how to arrange them to minimize the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, if the two intervals are placed symmetrically. For example, one interval [a, a + 0.5] and another symmetrically placed [2 - a - 0.5, 2 - a]. But what value of a minimizes the maximum overlap.

But the overlap with a shift k would depend on how the intervals overlap when shifted.

For instance, if we have two intervals of length 0.5, separated by some distance. Then shifting k such that the first interval overlaps with the second's complement would have a certain overlap integral. Maybe this could be minimized by choosing the separation between intervals.

But this is just an idea. How to compute that?

Alternatively, maybe considering a more complex structure with more intervals. For example, a pattern that repeats every certain interval. For example, if the function h is periodic with period 2, but given the interval [0, 2], perhaps it's not applicable.

But this is getting too vague. Maybe a better approach is to think of the problem as optimizing over the sampled h, and use a more efficient optimization method than the previous genetic algorithm.

The previous code used a population-based approach with mutation and crossover. However, genetic algorithms can be slow and may not converge to the optimal solution quickly. Especially with the constraints on the budget.

So, perhaps using a different optimization strategy, such as a gradient descent with some penalty for the constraints, or a more efficient surrogate model.

But since the problem is non-convex and the function to optimize (max over k of the integral) is not smooth, gradient-based methods might not work well.

Wait, but if we can approximate the max with a particular k, say, the one that's causing the highest value, then we could optimize for that k. However, this might not lead to a global minimum.

Another idea: since the maximum is over all k, maybe the worst case is when the shift k is such that x + k is in the interval of the function h. So, for example, shifts that cause the overlap between h and its complement to be maximum. 

In the paper by Erdos, the known upper bound for the constant was derived using a certain construction that consists of 5 points. But I'm not sure of the exact details. However, the current task is to find a better upper bound.

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy approach to place the regions where h is 1 such that each new region reduces the maximum overlap as much as possible.

But how to formalize this.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal function h for the Erdos problem is a step function that has a certain pattern. For example, the current best is achieved by a 45-point sample, so maybe the optimal construction has a certain structure that can be modeled with a periodic or symmetric pattern.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to proceed. So perhaps the best approach is to try to enhance the previous genetic algorithm approach, but with better heuristics.

In the previous code, the initial population is generated by small perturbations around the initial guess. Then, in each iteration, the best solution is used as the parent for the next generation. However, maybe the mutation and crossover can be improved.

For example, instead of using random mutation with small Gaussian noise, maybe use a more structured approach. Also, the current code uses a fixed number of population members and iterates until the time is up. Maybe a better way is to use a more efficient evolutionary algorithm, like differential evolution, or other variants.

Alternatively, use a local search approach: start from the initial solution and perform hill climbing, adjusting the h values to minimize the maximum integral. But since the problem is non-convex and has multiple local minima, this might not work well.

Another idea: since the integral is computed as the maximum over all k, maybe the worst-case k's are those where the shift k is such that the complement of h(x +k) overlaps with h(x) the most. So, for each sample h, compute all possible k's, find the maximum, and optimize for that.

But how to compute all possible k's?

Wait, the function is defined over x in [0, 2], and for each x, when we shift by k, the shifted function is h(x +k). However, the integral is over x, and the shift k can be any real number. But in the code, the evaluation uses the numpy correlate function with mode 'full', which computes the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h. The full mode returns the correlation for all possible shifts.

But when we compute np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full'), the result's length is len(h) + len(1 - h) - 1 = 2n_points -1. Each element in the result corresponds to a shift k. However, the actual k values are in the range from -len(h)+1 to len(h)-1, but in terms of the original interval [0,2], the shifts k that matter are those for which x +k falls within [0, 2].

But in the code, they multiply by dx to get the integral. However, the actual integral for each k is calculated as the sum over x where x +k is in [0,2], of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) * dx², but normalized. However, the code uses the numpy correlate, which computes the sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) multiplied by dx, perhaps? Wait, need to think about the details.

The numpy correlate function for mode 'full' gives the cross-correlation at all lags. For two arrays a and b, the cross-correlation at lag k is sum_{i} a[i] * b[i +k], where i +k is within the range of the array. So, for the vectors h and 1 - h, the cross-correlation at lag k is sum_{x} h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) for those x where x +k is in [0, 2]. However, since the original h is defined on [0, 2], the shift k must be such that adding to x doesn't go outside. The dx is the step size, so the actual integral would be the cross-correlation value multiplied by dx. But in the code, the cross-correlation is computed, then multiplied by dx to get the integral value.

But the problem requires optimizing the maximum C5, which is the maximum over all possible k of the integral. Therefore, the code uses the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h, then multiplies by dx to get the integral for different shifts. 

The maximum of these values is the C5 value.

So, the current code evaluates all shifts, finds the maximum, and tries to minimize that.

Now, the question is how to find h that minimizes this maximum.

But with the previous approach, the genetic algorithm is used, but it might not be efficient enough. So, perhaps we can improve the genetic algorithm by using more effective mutation operators, better selection, or using a different algorithm.

Another approach is to use a more efficient optimization technique. For example, if we can find a way to model this problem as an optimization problem with constraints, perhaps using a constrained optimization solver from scipy. However, the problem is that the objective function is non-smooth and non-convex, making this challenging.

Alternatively, if we can approximate the maximum integral for each h with a certain number of shifts, then focus on optimizing for those shifts. For example, for the given h, evaluate the cross-correlation for all possible shifts k, but since the shifts are discrete, perhaps we can sample a few critical shifts.

But even with that, the optimization problem is complex.

Alternatively, using a local search method starting from the initial solution. For example, using the initial_h_values as a starting point, and then iteratively adjusting the h values to reduce the maximum integral.

This could involve checking for each x which adjustments would most reduce the maximum overlap, then making those adjustments.

But this is a bit vague. Maybe the following approach:

Start with the initial_h_values. For each position in the h array, determine how changing h[i] affects the maximum integral. Then, adjust h[i] in the direction that reduces the maximum integral. However, this requires checking how the changes affect all possible shifts, which could be computationally intensive.

Alternatively, since the integral is a sum over all shifts, maybe the maximum is influenced by certain shifts. For instance, the worst-case shift k is around a certain value, so focusing on optimizing for that particular shift could help reduce the maximum.

Another idea: consider that the optimal h should have a uniform spacing between the regions where it is 1. For example, if h is 1 on multiple intervals spaced evenly, then the overlap with their shifted counterparts would be minimized.

For instance, if h is 1 on intervals spaced at a distance of d apart, then shifts by d would cause the overlap with the complement to be minimal. However, ensuring that the integral is 1 requires determining the length of each interval and the number of intervals.

For example, suppose we have m intervals of length L each, such that m * L = 1. Then, the spacing between intervals would be something like d. The choice of m, L, and d would affect the overlap.

But how to find the optimal values for these variables?

This is a very abstract approach, but perhaps for the sake of time, trying to implement this structure could lead to better results.

Alternatively, consider using a specific construction. For example, the known solution for the Erdos problem has a certain structure. If we can find a way to construct h with that structure, but with more points, it might help.

But since the initial_h_values is given and has 45 points, we can try to improve on it.

Another thought: the previous code uses a population of 50 individuals and evolves them. However, perhaps using a different algorithm like a particle swarm optimization (PSO) could be more effective. But implementing PSO might require many parameters to tune, which could be time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach that models the objective function and seeks the minimum. However, with the complexity of the objective function, this might not be effective.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing genetic algorithm by:

1. Improving the mutation and crossover operators to avoid getting stuck in local optima.
2. Using a more efficient selection mechanism (like tournament selection instead of uniform selection).
3. Increasing the population size or mutation rate to explore more solutions.
4. Adding a local search step after each mutation to fine-tune the solution.

But without knowing the exact structure of the optimal solution, it's challenging. So, perhaps the previous approach can be modified by using a more efficient mutation strategy.

For example, instead of adding Gaussian noise, perform a local search where we adjust a few points to reduce the maximum integral. Or, for each candidate solution, try to adjust certain points that contribute most to the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, for each candidate solution, identify the shifting k that gives the maximum overlap and then adjust h to reduce that particular overlap.

But how to identify which shifts are responsible for the maximum overlap. For example, in the computed cross-correlation, the maximum value occurs at a certain lag. So, for each candidate solution, find the lag with the maximum value, and then optimize that specific shift.

This way, the optimization can focus on the most problematic shift, potentially leading to better results.

So, modifying the previous genetic algorithm to, in each iteration, choose the worst shift and adjust the h to reduce that particular overlap.

This could be done by:

For each candidate solution, compute the maximum integral. Then, for that solution, compute the cross-correlation to find which lag corresponds to the maximum overlap. Then, adjust the h to reduce that particular overlap. For example, find the x-values where the overlap is significant and adjust h[x] or h[x +k] to reduce the product h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)).

But how to efficiently do this. Perhaps, for the worst lag, we can adjust the h values in such a way that when shifted by that lag, the overlap is minimized.

However, this requires knowing which x values contribute to that particular lag. Since the cross-correlation at lag k is sum_{x} h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) * dx. For each x, if x +k is within [0, 2], then the term is included. So, for lag k, the overlap is determined by the overlap between b = h(x) and 1 - h(x +k) for x such that x +k is in [0,2].

To reduce this maximum, we could adjust the h[x] or h[x +k] values. But since the problem is to find a global minimum, it's unclear how to proceed.

Alternatively, for the worst lag, we could try to minimize the sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) for that particular k, while ensuring the integral constraint is maintained.

This could be formulated as a constrained optimization problem. For instance, for a fixed k, the problem is to minimize the sum over x in the valid range of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx, subject to the integral constraint.

But this is a quadratic problem, and could be solved with a local optimization method.

However, with the current code's structure, integrating this into the genetic algorithm could be complex.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum, we can try to model it as a robust optimization problem. For example, set a target value for the maximum and try to find h such that all overlaps are below that value. This is a bilevel optimization problem, but might be approximated with some iterative approach.

But again, integrating this into the existing framework is not straightforward.

Given the time constraints and the need to produce a working code, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing genetic algorithm by making the following changes:

- Increase the population size for better exploration.
- Use a different mutation strategy that focuses on areas where the overlap is high.
- Add a local search step after mutation to further optimize the solution.

Alternatively, use a more aggressive mutation that explores the search space more effectively.

In the previous code, the mutation adds a small Gaussian noise (mean 0, std 0.05). Perhaps we can use a larger mutation step size to explore more of the search space.

Another idea is to use a Simulated Annealing approach, which can escape local optima by allowing uphill moves with a certain probability. But implementing this might be more complex.

But given the time, perhaps the best way is to modify the previous code to improve the mutation step, increase population size, and make other adjustments.

Alternatively, use a more effective crossover operator, such as blending the parents' values with a certain weight.

Another possible improvement is to use a tournament selection where the best individuals are more likely to be selected as parents, leading to better convergence.

Let me try to think about code changes. The original code has a population_size of 50. Maybe increasing it to 100 or so could help. Also, mutation rate could be adjusted. Perhaps using a mutation that adjusts the values based on the current maximum overlap, focusing on areas contributing to it.

Alternatively, for each individual in the population, after computing its C5 value, we can adjust the h values to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, the code could find the specific shift (k) that is causing the maximum overlap and then apply a local adjustment to the h values related to that shift.

But again, without knowing the exact mechanism, it's hard to implement.

Given the time, perhaps modifying the previous code by increasing the population size, adding a perturbation to the best solution, and making the mutation more aggressive might help.

Another idea: use a different initial solution. The previous code starts from initial_h_values. But perhaps there's a better initial guess. However, according to the problem statement, initial_h_values is provided, so we have to use it.

In summary, the plan is to improve the genetic algorithm by:

1. Increasing the population size for better exploration.
2. Adjusting the mutation and crossover to be more effective.
3. Using a more aggressive mutation to explore the search space.
4. Implementing a local search after each mutation.

But in code terms, how to do this?

Let me think about modifying the previous code:

- Increase population_size to say 100.
- For mutation, instead of adding a small Gaussian noise, use a larger step size for certain positions.
- Use a different crossover method, like blending the parent values.
- Select the best individuals more aggressively.

But I need to think of a way to code this.

Alternatively, instead of using a GA, use a more deterministic approach. For example, use a local search that starts from the initial solution and iteratively perturbs it to find better solutions.

But how to do this in code?

For example:

- Start with initial_h_values.
- Evaluate its C5 value.
- For each step:
   - Randomly select a position i in the h array.
   - Slightly adjust h[i] (e.g., increase or decrease) to see if it reduces the C5 value.
   - If it improves, keep the change.
   - Repeat this for several iterations.
- To handle the integral constraint, after each adjustment, scale h to ensure the sum is equal to n_points / 2.

But this is a very simple local search and may not be effective. Also, it might get stuck in local optima.

But given the time constraints, perhaps this is better than the previous GA.

However, the original code's GA might already be sufficient, and the current best is 0.3868, which is higher than the target. So, the challenge is to find a better solution.

Another idea: instead of using a large population, focus on exploring around the current best solution. For example, in each iteration, use the best solution as a starting point and perturb it to find better solutions. This could be done with a more focused search.

But without knowing how to efficiently implement this, it's hard to proceed.

Alternatively, considering that the current code uses a population-based approach, but it might not be efficient enough. Perhaps using differential evolution, which is a variant of genetic algorithm that is more effective in some cases.

Differential evolution (DE) involves creating new individuals by combining existing ones with a difference vector. This might be more effective in exploring the search space.

But integrating DE into the code would require some changes.

Alternatively, sticking with the genetic approach but refining the steps.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of population members and replaces the population each iteration. Perhaps changing the selection mechanism to use the best individual as a parent for the next generation, and introducing some diversity by randomly selecting other individuals.

Alternatively, using a steady-state genetic algorithm, where only a few individuals are replaced per iteration.

But given time, I think the best approach is to modify the existing code to increase the population size, use a different mutation operator, and add a local search step.

So, modifying the previous code by:

- Increasing the population size to 100.
- Using a different mutation that, for each child, applies a larger perturbation but clips the values to [0,1].
- Adding a local search step where, after mutation, we adjust the child's h values to reduce the maximum overlap.

But how to do this in practice.

For example, after creating a child, we can:

- Evaluate its C5 value.
- Find the shift k that gives the maximum overlap.
- For the positions x where this shift k causes a significant overlap, adjust the h[x] and h[x +k] values to reduce the overlap.

But how to implement this without knowing the exact positions.

Alternatively, after creating a child, perturb it slightly by adding random values to certain points and then clipping, then evaluate.

But this is vague. Given the time, perhaps the best way is to implement a modified genetic algorithm with a larger population and more aggressive mutation steps.

So, the code would look something like this:

- Increase the population size to 100.
- For mutation, in addition to the random perturbation, also try to perturb the h values that are part of the maximum overlap.
- Also, after mutation, scale the h to ensure the integral constraint.

But how to find which points to perturb?

Alternatively, for the mutation step, instead of adding a small Gaussian noise, randomly select some points and change them by a certain amount.

Alternatively, use a combination of crossover and mutation:

- For crossover, take two parents and create a child by combining their values (e.g., averaging or taking random parts).

In the previous code, crossover is done by choosing for each index whether to take parent1 or parent2. This is similar to a "single-point" crossover but applied to each position.

Perhaps changing the crossover method to a different one, like blending the parents' values, could be beneficial.

But again, this would require code changes.

Given the time constraints, I'll proceed to write the code with the same approach as the previous one, but with increased population size (say, 100), larger mutation steps, and possibly other adjustments.

Additionally, maybe precompute the shift that gives the maximum overlap for each solution and focus on optimizing that.

But to keep the code manageable, I'll proceed.

So, the modified code would have a larger population, a larger mutation step, and a more efficient way of handling the integral constraint.

Also, to make the code run faster, perhaps reducing the number of evaluations per iteration.

But given the budget of 100 seconds, it's important to keep the code efficient.

I think the key changes would be:

- Increase population_size to 100.
- Use a larger mutation step (e.g., 0.1 instead of 0.05).
- Implement a more aggressive mutation where for 10% of the children, we add a larger perturbation.
- Increase the mutation rate.

Now, putting it all together.

The previous code initializes the population with initial_h + some noise. The population is then evolved by crossover and mutation.

The new code would have these changes. Also, to avoid getting stuck, perhaps using a better selection mechanism.

But for brevity, here's the plan:

Modify the previous code:

- Increase population_size to 100.
- Change the mutation step to be larger (e.g., 0.1).
- Increase the number of mutations (e.g., 0.1 probability of mutation for each position).
- Use a better crossover method (e.g., blending).

But in code, the mutation step would be different.

Alternatively, the following changes:

In the previous code, during mutation, the code does:

for i in range(n_points):
    if random.random() < 0.1:
        child[i] += np.random.normal(0, 0.05)
        child[i] = np.clip(child[i], 0.0, 1.0)

This adds noise with 0.05 standard deviation, with 10% probability per position. To make this more aggressive, perhaps increase the standard deviation to 0.1 or 0.2, and increase the mutation probability.

But the code must still ensure the integral constraint.

Another modification: after mutation, scale the child to ensure the integral is maintained.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

But I need to make sure that the code runs within the 100-second budget.

Also, using the initial_h_values from the given variable.

Thus, the final code would look like:

Implementing a genetic algorithm with increased population size, larger mutation steps, and other adjustments.

But given the time, I'll proceed to write this code, ensuring it's within the constraints.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    initial_h = np.array(initial_h_values)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    def compute_c5(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    population_size = 100
    population = [initial_h.copy() + np.random.normal(0, 0.1, n_points) for _ in range(population_size)]
    for i in range(population_size):
        h = population[i]
        total = np.sum(h)
        scale = (n_points / 2) / total if total != 0 else 1.0
        h = h * scale
        h = np.clip(h, 0.0, 1.0)
        population[i] = h
    start_time = time.time()
    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s:
        fitness = [compute_c5(h) for h in population]
        best_idx = np.argmin(fitness)
        best_h = population[best_idx].copy()
        new_pop = [best_h]
        for _ in range(population_size - 1):
            p1, p2 = random.choices(population, k=2)
            child = np.array([p1[i] if random.random() < 0.5 else p2[i] for i in range(n_points)])
            for i in range(n_points):
                if random.random() < 0.15:
                    child[i] += np.random.normal(0, 0.15)
                    child[i] = np.clip(child[i], 0.0, 1.0)
            total = np.sum(child)
            scale = (n_points / 2) / total if total != 0 else 1.0
            child = child * scale
            child = np.clip(child, 0.0, 1.0)
            new_pop.append(child)
        population = new_pop
    fitness = [compute_c5(h) for h in population]
    best_idx = np.argmin(fitness)
    return (population[best_idx].tolist(), fitness[best_idx], n_points)
```