<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous program used a local optimization approach with SLSQP, but maybe that's not sufficient. Let me think about how to improve this.

First, the problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1.

The previous code uses a random initial guess and perturbations, then runs SLSQP optimization. But maybe that's getting stuck in local minima. So perhaps a better approach is needed.

Looking at the lessons from earlier attempts: one was to normalize the sum of h during optimization. The previous code already does that by scaling h to maintain the sum. But maybe there's more to it. Also, the code uses a fixed number of restarts and a fixed method. Maybe trying different optimization methods or more sophisticated strategies could help.

Another idea is to use a different parameterization. For example, instead of using a step function with arbitrary values, maybe model h as a combination of intervals where it's 0 or 1, but that might be too restrictive. Alternatively, using a more structured approach, like dividing the interval into segments and optimizing the positions of the steps.

Wait, the problem allows for h to be a step function, but the current approach uses a continuous optimization over the samples. Maybe there's a way to model the problem with a more structured approach, like using a binary variable for each interval, but that might complicate things.

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing could explore the solution space more effectively. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe combining multiple optimization strategies or using a global optimization method would help.

Another observation is that the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points). The initial_h_values has 95 samples. Maybe trying with fewer points could be faster and allow for better exploration. But the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe reducing n_points could help, but the problem is that with fewer points, the approximation might be coarser, leading to a worse bound.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe there's a better way to construct an initial guess. For example, using a periodic or symmetric pattern that could minimize overlaps.

Wait, the Erdős problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap. So the optimal h should be designed such that when shifted by any k, the overlap is minimized. This is similar to a covering problem, where we want to arrange the function h so that it doesn't overlap too much with its shifted versions.

Another thought: the problem resembles the concept of a "covering code" or "optimal packing" in some way. Maybe using a construction similar to a binary sequence with certain autocorrelation properties. For example, in coding theory, sequences with low autocorrelation are desired. Perhaps designing h to have low cross-correlation with itself shifted by different k.

But how to translate that into the current problem? The cross-correlation here is between h and 1 - h. Wait, the integral is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So for each shift k, we want this integral to be as small as possible. The maximum over all k is what we're trying to minimize.

So, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is as "spread out" as possible, so that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much with itself. For example, if h is a step function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

But how to model this? Maybe using a binary step function with specific intervals. However, the problem allows h to be any step function, not necessarily binary. But perhaps the optimal solution is binary, which could simplify the problem.

Alternatively, maybe using a ternary or more complex structure. But this might complicate the optimization.

Another idea: since the integral is over [0,2], and the shift k can be any real number, but in the discretized version, the shifts are sampled as the cross-correlation. The cross-correlation in the code is computed with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. However, in the continuous case, the maximum is over all real k, but in the discretized version, the maximum is over the sampled shifts. So perhaps the code's approach is an approximation.

But given that, maybe the key is to find a function h that has low cross-correlation with 1 - h for all shifts. How can we model this?

Another approach is to consider that for each shift k, the integral ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx can be rewritten as ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since ∫ h(x) dx is 1, this becomes 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. Which is the same as maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. Wait, no. Wait, the original problem is to minimize the maximum of [∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx], which equals 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. So to minimize the maximum of this expression, we need to maximize the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. Wait, no. Let me think again.

Let me denote C(k) = ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The problem is to find h that minimizes max_k C(k). Since C(k) = ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx = 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing max_k C(k) is equivalent to maximizing min_k ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Wait, no. Because if you want to minimize the maximum of (1 - A(k)), that's equivalent to maximizing the minimum of A(k). Wait, no. Let me think again. Suppose that for each k, C(k) = 1 - A(k). Then, the maximum of C(k) over k is 1 - min_k A(k). Because if you have 1 - A(k), the maximum of that is 1 minus the minimum of A(k). So to minimize the maximum of C(k), we need to maximize the minimum of A(k) over k. Therefore, the problem reduces to finding h that maximizes the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over k.

This is an interesting perspective. So the problem is equivalent to maximizing the minimal cross-correlation between h and itself shifted by any k. This might be easier to think about. So perhaps designing h to have high cross-correlation for some k and low for others, but the minimal one is maximized.

But how to approach this? Maybe using Fourier analysis. The cross-correlation can be expressed in terms of the Fourier transform. Let me recall that the cross-correlation of h with itself is the square of the magnitude of the Fourier transform of h. But here, we have the cross-correlation of h with h shifted by k. Wait, the integral ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx is the same as the cross-correlation of h with itself at lag k. So, the cross-correlation function R(k) = ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. The maximum of C(k) is 1 - min_k R(k). Therefore, to minimize the maximum C(k), we need to maximize the minimal R(k) over k.

But how to maximize the minimal R(k)? This seems like a challenging problem. Perhaps using a function h that is designed to have high R(k) for all k, but that's not possible. Alternatively, arrange h such that the minimal R(k) is as large as possible.

Another idea: if h is a periodic function with certain properties, maybe it can achieve a good balance. For example, if h is a square wave or a triangular wave. But how to model this?

Alternatively, considering that the integral over [0,2] is 1, h could be a function that is 1 on a subset of [0,2] and 0 elsewhere. Let's say h is 1 on an interval of length 1 (since the integral is 1). Then, shifting this interval by k would result in an overlap. The integral ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx would be the length of the overlap between the original interval and the shifted interval. To maximize the minimal overlap, we need to arrange the interval such that the minimal overlap over all shifts k is as large as possible. However, for a single interval, the minimal overlap would be zero when the shift is larger than the interval length. But since the function is over [0,2], shifting by more than 2 would result in zero overlap. However, the problem requires considering all k, but in the discretized version, the shifts are limited by the samples.

Wait, but the problem is about the maximum over all k. If h is a single interval of length 1, then for shifts k where the shifted interval overlaps with the original, the integral would be the overlap length. For shifts where there's no overlap, the integral is zero. Therefore, the maximum of C(k) would be 1 - 0 = 1, which is worse than the current record. So this approach isn't helpful.

Therefore, perhaps a better approach is needed. Maybe using a more complex h that is 1 on multiple intervals, arranged in a way that their overlaps are minimized when shifted.

Another thought: since the problem is similar to a covering problem, perhaps using a binary sequence with certain properties. For example, in the case of C₅, maybe there's a known construction. However, I'm not familiar with specific constructions for this problem.

Alternatively, perhaps using a greedy approach. Start with an initial guess and iteratively adjust it to reduce the maximum C(k). But how to implement this?

The previous code uses SLSQP with multiple restarts. However, maybe using a different optimization method, such as a genetic algorithm or particle swarm optimization, could explore the solution space more effectively. However, these methods might be slower and harder to tune within the time budget.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization strategy. For example, using a gradient-based method with better convergence properties. But the previous code already uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method.

Another idea: the problem is convex? Wait, no. The objective function is the maximum of several functions, which makes it non-convex. Therefore, optimization is challenging.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals. Each integral is a function of h. The maximum of these functions is what we need to minimize. This is a non-convex optimization problem, so local minima are a concern.

Therefore, the previous approach of using multiple restarts with different initial guesses might be necessary. However, the code's current parameters might not be sufficient.

Looking back at the previous code, the number of restarts is 100, which might be too low. Also, the perturbation is done with a fixed seed, but maybe varying the perturbation more could help. Also, the optimization method's parameters (like maxiter and ftol) might need adjustment.

Another observation: the previous code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. However, if that initial guess is not good, the optimization might not find a better solution. So perhaps generating a better initial guess could help.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess construction. For example, using a function that is designed to have low overlap. For instance, a function that is 1 on intervals spaced apart in a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

But how to construct such a function? Maybe using a periodic function with certain properties. For example, if h is 1 on intervals of length 1/2, spaced such that their shifts don't overlap. But this is vague.

Alternatively, considering that the integral of h is 1, which is half of the interval [0,2], perhaps h is a function that is 1 on half the interval and 0 on the other half. But again, this might not be optimal.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is as "balanced" as possible. For example, a function that is 1 on a set of points that are spread out in the interval [0,2]. This could be achieved by using a binary step function with multiple intervals.

But how to model this? Maybe using a binary function with multiple intervals, each of length l, such that the total length is 1. For example, if there are m intervals, each of length 1/m. Then, arranging them so that their shifts don't overlap much.

But this is getting too abstract. Let's think about the code again. The previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 95) and tries to optimize over those points. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a better approximation, but the time budget is limited. However, the user prefers smaller sequences, so maybe using fewer points is better.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different discretization. For example, using a coarser grid but with more intelligent placement of the steps.

Another approach: instead of optimizing the entire function at once, maybe use a greedy algorithm. Start with an initial guess, then iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum C(k). For example, find the shift k that gives the highest C(k), then adjust h to reduce that value. Repeat until convergence.

But how to implement this? It might be computationally intensive, but perhaps feasible within the time budget.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization method. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the parameter space more efficiently. However, implementing this from scratch might be time-consuming.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of restarts (100), but maybe increasing that number could lead to better results. However, with the time budget, it's a trade-off between the number of restarts and the time per restart.

Also, the perturbation in the code is done with a fixed range (-0.2 to 0.2). Maybe varying the perturbation size could help escape local minima.

Another idea: the code currently uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. Maybe generating multiple initial guesses based on different patterns could help. For example, using a random initial guess, a periodic initial guess, or a symmetric initial guess.

But how to generate these? For example, a periodic initial guess could be a sine wave or a square wave. However, ensuring that the integral is 1 would require careful scaling.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess with some structure. For instance, placing steps at regular intervals but with varying heights.

Another observation: the current code uses the 'SLSQP' method, which is a local optimizer. Maybe trying a different method, like 'Nelder-Mead' or 'COBYLA', could yield better results. However, these methods have their own limitations.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, first using a global optimization method to find a good initial guess, then refining it with SLSQP.

But given the time constraints, it's challenging to implement multiple methods.

Another possible improvement: in the previous code, after each optimization step, the solution is normalized to maintain the sum constraint. However, maybe during optimization, the constraints are not being enforced strictly enough. Perhaps adding more constraints or adjusting the optimization parameters could help.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where the constraint is incorporated into the objective function with a penalty term. However, the previous code uses an equality constraint, which is more accurate.

Another idea: the problem's maximum is over all k, but in the discretized version, the code computes the cross-correlation with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. However, in reality, the maximum could be achieved at a particular shift that is not captured by the discretized samples. Therefore, perhaps the code's evaluation is an approximation, and the true maximum could be lower. However, this is a limitation of the discretization approach.

To mitigate this, perhaps using a larger number of samples (n_points) would give a more accurate approximation. However, the user prefers smaller sequences. So maybe using n_points=100 or similar.

But the initial_h_values has 95 samples. Maybe increasing n_points to 100 or 200 could help, but with the time budget, it's a trade-off.

Another thought: the previous code uses the 'full' mode for cross-correlation, which gives the full convolution. However, the actual maximum could be achieved at certain shifts. Maybe focusing on specific shifts (e.g., those that are most critical) could help. But this is unclear.

Alternatively, perhaps the code can be modified to evaluate the maximum over a subset of shifts, but this might not be effective.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses a fixed number of restarts. Maybe using a more adaptive approach, such as increasing the number of restarts if the improvement plateaus. However, this requires monitoring the progress and adjusting parameters dynamically, which might be complex.

In summary, the previous approach has some limitations. To improve the bound, perhaps the following steps could be taken:

1. Use a more diverse set of initial guesses, not just perturbations of the initial_h_values.
2. Increase the number of restarts or use different optimization methods.
3. Adjust the optimization parameters (e.g., maxiter, ftol) to allow for better convergence.
4. Consider using a different discretization (e.g., fewer points but more structured).
5. Incorporate additional constraints or penalties to guide the optimization.
6. Explore different initial constructions for h.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the most feasible improvements are to increase the number of restarts, use a different initial guess generation method, and possibly adjust the optimization parameters.

So, modifying the previous code:

- Increase the number of restarts to, say, 200.
- Use a different initial guess generation, such as a random initial guess with a different seed or a structured pattern.
- Perhaps use a different optimization method, like 'L-BFGS-B' or 'COBYLA'.
- Adjust the perturbation range or method.
- Ensure that the normalization is done correctly during optimization.

Also, considering the previous code's initial_h_values, maybe using that as a starting point is good, but generating other initial guesses could help.

Another idea: the current code's objective function returns the maximum cross-correlation multiplied by dx. However, during optimization, the algorithm might get stuck in regions where the maximum is not the true maximum. To address this, perhaps evaluating the cross-correlation more thoroughly or using a different metric.

But given the time, I'll proceed to modify the code accordingly. Let's outline the changes:

- Increase the number of restarts.
- Use a more diverse initial guess generation, including both random and structured guesses.
- Adjust the optimization method and parameters.
- Ensure that the normalization is applied correctly.

Now, let's implement these changes in the code.

First, the initial_h_values is provided, but perhaps generating a random initial guess each time could help. Also, using a different method like 'L-BFGS-B' might be better for bound-constrained problems.

Additionally, the previous code uses a perturbation function that adds a uniform random perturbation. Maybe using a different perturbation strategy, such as adding noise only to certain parts of the function.

But for simplicity, perhaps just increasing the number of restarts and using a different optimization method.

So, the revised code would:

- Use a higher number of restarts (e.g., 200).
- Use a different optimization method, like 'L-BFGS-B'.
- Generate initial guesses both from the initial_h_values and random ones.
- Adjust the perturbation parameters.

Also, ensure that during optimization, the sum constraint is strictly maintained. The previous code does this by normalizing after each update, but maybe during the optimization, the constraints are not being enforced properly. Using an equality constraint in the optimization should handle this.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses 'SLSQP' with a fixed maxiter. Maybe increasing maxiter could allow for better convergence.

Putting this all together, here's the revised plan for the code:

- Use a higher number of restarts (e.g., 200).
- Use a different optimization method, such as 'L-BFGS-B' or 'SLSQP' with adjusted parameters.
- Generate initial guesses both from the initial_h_values and random ones.
- Adjust the perturbation range or method.
- Ensure that the sum constraint is properly enforced.

Now, let's write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
from scipy.signal import correlate

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Assume initial_h_values is a global variable
    initial_h = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_h)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    # Define the objective function
    def objective(h):
        # Compute cross-correlation with 1 - h
        cross_corr = correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        # Find the maximum value in the cross-correlation
        max_corr = np.max(cross_corr)
        return max_corr * dx

    # Define constraints
    def constraint(h):
        return np.sum(h) - n_points / 2

    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    # Function to generate a random initial guess
    def random_initial_guess():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        # Normalize to meet the sum constraint
        h = h * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h)
        return h

    # Function to perturb the initial guess
    def perturb(h, seed=None):
        np.random.seed(seed)
        perturbation = np.random.uniform(-0.15, 0.15, size=len(h))
        return np.clip(h + perturbation, 0.0, 1.0)

    # Run multiple optimizations
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_h.copy()

    # Number of restarts
    num_restarts = 200  # Increased for more exploration

    for i in range(num_restarts):
        # Generate a random initial guess or perturb the current best
        if i % 3 == 0:
            # Use initial_h as a starting point
            h_initial = initial_h.copy()
        else:
            # Perturb the current best solution
            h_initial = perturb(best_h, seed=seed + i)
        
        # Perform optimization with adjusted parameters
        result = minimize(
            objective, 
            h_initial, 
            method='L-BFGS-B', 
            bounds=bounds, 
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint}, 
            options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
        else:
            # If optimization fails, try the perturbed guess
            current_c5 = objective(h_initial)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = h_initial

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```