<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The previous code uses a local optimization approach with multiple restarts, but maybe we can do better.

First, I need to understand the problem again. We need a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, and we want to minimize the maximum value of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) over all k. The overlap integral is calculated using cross-correlation, and we need to find the maximum of these values.

The previous approach used SLSQP optimization with multiple restarts. But maybe that's getting stuck in local minima. Let's think about alternative strategies.

One idea is to use a more global optimization method. Maybe a genetic algorithm could explore the search space better. However, with the time budget, maybe it's too slow. Alternatively, we can try to use a different parameterization. For example, instead of using a continuous optimization, maybe we can model the function h as a piecewise constant function with certain intervals, and then optimize the positions and widths of these intervals.

Another thought: the current initial guess is based on 95 samples. Maybe starting with a different initial guess could help. For example, using a more structured initial guess, like a periodic function or something that spreads out the 1s and 0s to minimize overlap.

Wait, the problem is similar to designing a function that has minimal overlap when shifted. This is similar to the concept of a "difference set" in combinatorics, where you want elements to be spaced out. Maybe we can model h as a set of intervals where h is 1, and the rest is 0, but since it's a step function, maybe with more points.

But since the function is allowed to be any step function (not necessarily binary), maybe we can use a more flexible approach. However, the previous code uses continuous values between 0 and 1. Maybe there's a way to structure the function to have certain symmetries or patterns that reduce the maximum overlap.

Another idea: since the integral is over [0,2], and we're looking at shifts k, perhaps the worst case is when k is small. So maybe focusing on minimizing the overlap for small k would help. But how to model that?

Alternatively, maybe using a Fourier analysis approach. The overlap integral can be expressed as an integral involving the Fourier transform of h and 1 - h. But I'm not sure how to apply that here directly.

Let me think about the constraints again. The integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So the average value of h is 0.5. The function h is a step function, so it's piecewise constant. Maybe we can model it as a set of intervals where h is 1, and the rest is 0, but with some adjustments. However, the current problem allows h to take any value between 0 and 1, not just 0 and 1. So maybe allowing some intermediate values could help in balancing the overlaps.

Wait, the previous code uses a continuous optimization with SLSQP. Maybe the problem is that the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. To improve, perhaps we can use a different optimization method, like a Bayesian optimization or a more global search.

But given the time constraints, maybe a better approach is to use a different initial guess. For example, instead of starting from the initial_h_values provided, maybe generate a better initial guess. For instance, using a periodic function with certain properties.

Alternatively, maybe using a more structured approach. For example, divide the interval [0,2] into segments and assign h values in a way that spreads out the 1s. For example, if we have n points, maybe arrange them such that the 1s are spaced as evenly as possible.

Wait, the current initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but perhaps we can improve it by applying some transformations. For example, using a greedy algorithm to adjust the h values to minimize the maximum overlap.

Another thought: the cross-correlation is maximized when the overlap between h and 1 - h is largest. To minimize this maximum, we need to arrange h such that when shifted, the overlap is as small as possible. This resembles the problem of designing a function that has minimal autocorrelation, which is similar to the concept of a "low autocorrelation binary sequence." However, here it's not exactly the same because we're dealing with cross-correlation between h and 1 - h.

In the case of binary sequences, the optimal solution for minimal maximum cross-correlation is related to the concept of a Barker code, but those are for specific lengths. However, since our problem is continuous and allows for non-binary values, perhaps a similar approach can be adapted.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a method similar to the one used in the previous code but with some modifications. For example, using a different optimization method, like differential evolution, which is better at exploring the search space.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe switching to a global optimizer like differential evolution could help find better solutions. However, differential evolution might be slower, but with a limited number of iterations, perhaps it's manageable.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of several integrals, maybe we can use a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to minimize each of the cross-correlation values. However, this might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, we can use a penalty method, where we try to minimize the maximum cross-correlation by penalizing large values. But how to implement that?

Wait, the current objective function is to minimize the maximum cross-correlation. So the problem is a minimax problem. Maybe we can use a gradient-based method with a more sophisticated approach to handle the max function.

Alternatively, perhaps we can use a coordinate descent approach, where we iteratively adjust each h[i] to reduce the maximum overlap. But this might be slow.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of restarts (100) and a fixed number of iterations per optimization. Maybe increasing the number of restarts or using a more efficient optimization method could help. However, with the time budget, we need to balance between exploration and computation.

Let me think about the initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point, but perhaps we can generate a better initial guess by using a structured approach. For example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into equal parts and assign h values in a way that spreads out the 1s.

For instance, if we have n points, we can arrange the 1s in h such that they are spaced as evenly as possible. This is similar to the concept of a "greedy" algorithm for placing points. For example, placing a 1 at positions that are as far apart as possible.

But since the function is a step function, maybe we can model it as a set of intervals where h is 1. However, the problem allows for h to take any value between 0 and 1, so perhaps a better approach is to use a combination of 1s and 0s with some intermediate values.

Alternatively, maybe using a Fourier-based approach. The cross-correlation can be expressed as the convolution of h and 1 - h. But I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, the average value is 0.5. So, perhaps the function h should be designed such that when shifted, the overlap with 1 - h is minimized. This suggests that h should be as "spread out" as possible.

Wait, perhaps the optimal solution is a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced in a way that when shifted, the overlap with 1 - h is minimized. For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are separated by a certain distance, then shifting by that distance would result in minimal overlap.

But how to model this? Maybe using a periodic function with certain properties. For example, if h is a periodic function with period T, then shifting by T would result in the same function, but since our interval is [0,2], maybe T is related to that.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts. For example, the worst case might be when the shift is such that the overlap between h and 1 - h is maximized. To minimize this, we need to arrange h so that for all shifts, the overlap is as small as possible.

This seems like a challenging problem. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the existing code by using a different optimization method, like differential evolution, which is better at exploring the search space. Also, maybe using a more efficient initial guess.

Let me think about the previous code. It uses SLSQP with multiple restarts. Maybe the problem is that the initial guess is not good enough, leading to local minima. So, generating a better initial guess could help.

Another idea: instead of using a random initial guess, we can use a structured initial guess based on some known optimal configurations. For example, if we know that for certain n, the optimal h is a periodic function with specific properties, we can use that as a starting point.

Alternatively, perhaps using a greedy algorithm to construct h. For example, starting with all h[i] = 0.5, then iteratively adjusting the values to reduce the maximum overlap.

But how to implement that? Maybe not straightforward.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach. Each individual is a vector of h values, and we evolve them over generations to minimize the maximum overlap. However, with the time budget, this might be too slow unless we limit the number of generations.

But given that the previous code uses 100 restarts, maybe a genetic algorithm with a population of 50 individuals and a few generations could be feasible.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: start with the initial guess, then apply some local optimization, and then use a global optimization method.

But I need to think about how to implement this in code.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 95). Maybe using a smaller number of points could be faster and still yield a good solution. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, but the initial guess is 95 points. Maybe trying with fewer points could help, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial guess is not optimal, and we can generate a better initial guess by using a more informed approach. For example, using a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced out.

For example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into m equal parts, and set h to 1 on every other interval. But this is just a rough idea.

Alternatively, considering that the integral of h is 1, which is the same as the average value being 0.5. So, perhaps the function h should be designed to have 0.5 on average, but with a structure that minimizes overlap.

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is maximized when the overlap between h and 1 - h is largest, maybe we can model this as a problem of minimizing the maximum value of the integral over all shifts. This is similar to the problem of minimizing the maximum of several functions, which can be approached by using a penalty method where we try to minimize the maximum by adding a penalty term.

But how to implement that in optimization? The objective function would be the maximum of the cross-correlation values, which is non-differentiable. So, perhaps using a smoothed version or approximating it.

Alternatively, since the maximum is over all k, maybe we can approximate it by considering a finite set of k values. However, the original problem considers all possible shifts, which is continuous. But in practice, the cross-correlation is computed over discrete points, which might be an approximation.

Wait, in the code, the cross-correlation is computed using numpy's correlate function with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation at all possible shifts. The maximum of these values multiplied by dx is the C5 value. So, the code is already considering all possible shifts in the discrete sense.

So, the problem is to find the h that minimizes the maximum of these cross-correlation values.

Given that, perhaps the previous approach is on the right track, but needs some improvements.

Let me think about the parameters. The previous code uses 100 restarts, each with 200 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of restarts or using a different optimization method could help.

Another idea: using a different optimization method like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, which might handle the constraints better. Or using a Bayesian optimization approach with a surrogate model.

But given the time constraints, perhaps switching to a different optimization method would be better.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. Wait, the current code uses numpy's correlate, which is efficient. So that's not the bottleneck.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 95). Maybe using a smaller number of points could allow for faster computation and better exploration. For example, trying with n_points = 50 or 100.

But the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe using a smaller n_points could be better. However, the initial_h_values is given for n=95. Maybe the user wants to start from that, but perhaps generating a better initial guess for a smaller n.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial guess is not the best, and we can generate a better one. For example, using a structured initial guess based on some known optimal configurations.

Another idea: using a Fourier-based approach to design h. The cross-correlation can be expressed as the convolution of h and 1 - h. The maximum value of this convolution would be related to the Fourier transform of h and 1 - h. However, I'm not sure how to apply this directly.

Alternatively, considering that the integral of h is 1, and we want to minimize the maximum overlap. This is similar to the problem of designing a function with minimal autocorrelation, which is a well-known problem in signal processing. For example, the optimal solution for minimal autocorrelation is a Barker code, but those are for binary sequences.

In our case, the function is not binary, so perhaps a similar approach can be adapted. For example, using a function that has low autocorrelation properties.

But again, how to translate that into a step function?

Alternatively, maybe using a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced out. For example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into m equal parts, and set h to 1 on every m-th interval. But this is a rough idea.

Let me think about the previous code's performance. The previous code achieved a C5 bound of 0.381698. The target is 0.380876. So there's a gap of about 0.0008. To improve this, we need a better initial guess and/or a better optimization method.

Perhaps the key is to use a different initial guess. For example, instead of starting from the initial_h_values, generate a better initial guess by using a structured approach.

For example, suppose we divide the interval [0,2] into n intervals, and assign h to be 1 on certain intervals. Let's say we have n_points = 95. Then, if we arrange the 1s in h such that they are as evenly spaced as possible, this might reduce the overlap.

But how to do that? For example, if we want to have the integral of h equal to 1, then the total length of intervals where h is 1 should be 1. So, if we have m intervals where h is 1, each of length l, then m*l = 1. But since it's a step function, maybe we can model it as having certain points where h is 1 and others where it's 0, but with some intermediate values.

Alternatively, maybe using a function that is 1 on a set of points spaced out, and 0 elsewhere, but with some adjustments to meet the integral constraint.

But this is getting a bit abstract. Let's think about how to generate a better initial guess.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution has h(x) = 1 on intervals that are spaced such that the overlap with 1 - h is minimized. For example, if h is 1 on intervals of length 1/2, spaced apart by some distance. But this is just a hypothesis.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs when the shift k is such that the overlap between h and 1 - h is maximized. To minimize this, we need to arrange h such that for any shift k, the overlap is small.

This seems similar to the concept of a "difference set" in combinatorics, where the differences between elements are spread out. For example, in a difference set, the number of distinct differences is maximized. Maybe a similar approach could be used here.

But again, how to translate that into a function h?

Perhaps, given the time constraints, the best approach is to improve the existing code by using a different optimization method and/or a better initial guess.

Let me consider modifying the previous code. The previous code uses SLSQP with multiple restarts. Let's think about using a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, which is better at exploring the search space. However, differential evolution might be slower, but with a limited number of iterations, it might be manageable.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: start with a structured initial guess, then apply local optimization.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of restarts (100), but maybe increasing the number of restarts could help find a better solution. However, with the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, instead of randomly generating initial guesses, using a structured approach like placing the 1s in h as evenly as possible.

For example, if we have n_points = 95, and we want the integral of h to be 1, then the total area under h is 1. So, if we model h as a step function with certain intervals set to 1 and others to 0, then the number of intervals set to 1 would be such that their total length is 1. However, since it's a step function, the exact positions and widths of these intervals would need to be chosen.

But this is getting complicated. Let's think of a simple structured initial guess. For example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into m equal parts, and set h to 1 on every other part. However, this would require that the total length of the 1s is 1. For example, if m is even, then setting half of the parts to 1 would give a total length of (m/2)*(2/m) = 1. So this would satisfy the integral constraint.

But this is a binary function. For example, if we have m=2, then the function is 1 on [0,1] and 0 on [1,2], which has integral 1. But this would have a cross-correlation that is high for certain shifts. For example, shifting by 0.5 would overlap the 1s with the 0s, leading to a high overlap.

But maybe this is a starting point. However, the previous code uses a non-binary initial guess, so perhaps this approach isn't directly applicable.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals spaced out by a certain distance. For example, if we have intervals of length l, spaced by distance d, such that the total length of 1s is 1. This would require that (number of intervals) * l = 1, and the spacing between intervals is d. But how to choose l and d to minimize the overlap?

This is getting too vague. Perhaps it's better to focus on improving the existing code.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. The code uses 100 restarts, each with 200 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations per optimization could help, but that would take more time. Alternatively, reducing the number of restarts but using a more efficient optimization method.

Another idea: using a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is derivative-free and might explore the search space better. However, it's not clear if that would be better than SLSQP.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach with a surrogate model, which could be more efficient in finding the global minimum. However, implementing Bayesian optimization would require additional code.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code by using a different initial guess and/or a different optimization method.

Let me think about the initial guess. The previous code uses the initial_h_values provided. Maybe generating a better initial guess by using a structured approach. For example, if we divide the interval into equal parts and set h to 1 on certain parts.

For example, if we have n_points = 95, and we want to set h to 1 on intervals that are spaced out. Let's say we divide the interval [0,2] into 4 equal parts of length 0.5. Then, setting h to 1 on two of these parts would give a total length of 1. This would create a function that is 1 on [0, 0.5] and [1, 1.5], and 0 elsewhere. However, this is a binary function, and the cross-correlation might be high for certain shifts.

But this is just an example. Perhaps generating a more complex initial guess by using a combination of intervals.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals that are spread out, but with varying lengths. For example, placing the 1s in such a way that they are as far apart as possible.

But how to implement this? Maybe using a greedy algorithm to place the intervals.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal solution might have h(x) = 1 on intervals that are spaced in a way that the overlap with 1 - h is minimized. For example, if the intervals are spaced such that the distance between them is larger than the length of the intervals.

But again, this is speculative.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code by using a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and/or a better initial guess.

Let me think about implementing differential evolution. The scipy.optimize.differential_evolution function could be used. It's a global optimization method that might explore the search space better than SLSQP.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution instead of SLSQP. Let's outline the steps:

1. Define the objective function as before, which is the maximum cross-correlation value multiplied by dx.
2. Define the constraints (sum(h) == n_points / 2).
3. Use differential evolution to minimize the objective function.

However, differential evolution requires the bounds for each variable, which are [0,1] for each h[i].

But differential evolution might be slower than SLSQP, but with a limited number of iterations, it could be manageable.

Another consideration: the differential evolution method might require more function evaluations, which could be time-consuming. However, with the budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, it's possible to run it efficiently.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution instead of SLSQP. Let's try that.

Another idea: since the previous code uses multiple restarts, maybe using differential evolution with a population size and a certain number of generations could be better.

But how to implement this in code?

Let me outline the code changes:

Replace the minimize function with differential_evolution. However, the constraints need to be handled. Differential evolution can handle bounds and constraints, but it's more complex.

Alternatively, we can use the constraints by incorporating them into the objective function with a penalty term. However, this might not be as effective.

Alternatively, use the constraints in the optimization. But differential evolution doesn't support constraints directly, so we need to handle them via bounds and penalty terms.

This might complicate things. Alternatively, use the SLSQP method with more iterations and better parameters.

Alternatively, use a combination of methods. For example, use differential evolution for global exploration and then refine with SLSQP.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to try differential evolution.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution. Let's try that.

Another consideration: the previous code uses a fixed number of restarts. With differential evolution, we can run it once with a population size and number of generations, which might be more efficient.

But how to handle the constraints? The sum of h must be n_points / 2. So, we can add a penalty term to the objective function to enforce this constraint.

Alternatively, use the constraints in the optimization. However, differential evolution doesn't support constraints directly. So, we need to use a penalty method.

Let me think: the objective function would be the maximum cross-correlation value multiplied by dx, plus a penalty term for violating the sum constraint. The penalty term could be a large value if the sum is not equal to n_points / 2.

But this might not be effective. Alternatively, we can normalize the h values during the optimization to ensure the sum constraint is met.

Wait, in the previous code, the initial guess is normalized to meet the sum constraint. But during optimization, the constraints are enforced via the 'constraint' parameter in minimize.

With differential evolution, it's more challenging to handle constraints. So, perhaps it's better to use a method that supports constraints, like SLSQP, but with better parameters.

Alternatively, use the SLSQP method with more iterations and better settings.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (200) per optimization. Maybe increasing this number could help find a better solution. However, this would take more time.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method, like L-BFGS-B, which is a quasi-Newton method that can handle bounds.

But again, it's unclear which method would be best.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different initial guess and/or a different optimization method. For example, using a structured initial guess based on evenly spaced intervals.

Let me try to generate a structured initial guess. Suppose we divide the interval [0,2] into m equal parts, and set h to 1 on certain parts. For example, if we want the integral to be 1, then the total length of the 1s should be 1. So, if we have m intervals of length 2/m, then the number of intervals set to 1 should be (m/2), assuming m is even. This would give a total length of (m/2)*(2/m) = 1.

For example, with m=4, we have intervals of length 0.5, and set two of them to 1. This would create a function that is 1 on [0, 0.5] and [1, 1.5], and 0 elsewhere. This is a binary function, but it might be a good starting point.

However, this is a very simple function, and the cross-correlation might be high. But it could serve as a good initial guess for further optimization.

So, generating this initial guess and then using the existing optimization code to refine it.

Let me think about how to implement this. For example, for n_points = 95, dividing the interval into m = 95 intervals, each of length 2/95. Then, setting every other interval to 1. This would give a total length of (95/2)*(2/95) = 1, satisfying the integral constraint.

But this would create a function that is 1 on intervals 0, 2, 4, ..., and 0 on others. This is a binary function with 0.5 density.

This could be a good initial guess. Let's try to generate this.

So, the code could generate this initial guess as follows:

h_initial = np.zeros(n_points)
for i in range(n_points):
    if i % 2 == 0:
        h_initial[i] = 1.0
    else:
        h_initial[i] = 0.0

But this would give a sum of n_points / 2, which is correct. However, this is a very structured initial guess, which might be a good starting point.

But this is a binary function, and the previous code uses a continuous function. Maybe this initial guess could lead to a better solution when optimized.

So, modifying the code to use this initial guess instead of the provided initial_h_values.

But the problem states that the initial_h_values is provided, so perhaps we should start from that. However, the user says that we can explore solutions that use other starting points.

So, perhaps generating a better initial guess by using this structured approach could help.

Another idea: combining the structured initial guess with some random perturbations to allow for exploration.

In conclusion, the plan is:

1. Use a structured initial guess based on evenly spaced intervals, ensuring the integral constraint is met.
2. Use a more efficient optimization method, like differential evolution or a combination of methods.
3. Perform multiple restarts with different initial guesses to explore the search space.

However, given the time, I'll proceed to implement the first idea, using a structured initial guess and the existing optimization method, but with some modifications to the initial guess.

So, modifying the code to use a structured initial guess. Let's proceed.

The previous code uses the initial_h_values, but we can replace that with a structured initial guess. For example:

n_points = 95
dx = 2.0 / n_points
h_initial = np.zeros(n_points)
for i in range(n_points):
    if i % 2 == 0:
        h_initial[i] = 1.0
    else:
        h_initial[i] = 0.0

But this would give a sum of n_points / 2, which is correct.

However, this is a very simple initial guess, and the cross-correlation might be high. But it's worth trying.

Alternatively, using a more complex structured initial guess, like placing the 1s in a way that they are spread out.

But for the sake of time, I'll proceed with this structured initial guess.

Another modification: increasing the number of restarts or the number of iterations per optimization.

But given the time budget, perhaps it's better to use the existing code but with a better initial guess.

So, modifying the code to use this structured initial guess instead of the provided initial_h_values.

But the user says that the initial_h_values is available, so perhaps using that as a starting point is better. However, the previous code's initial guess might not be optimal.

In any case, the key is to improve the initial guess and/or the optimization method.

Another idea: using a combination of the structured initial guess and the provided initial_h_values. For example, averaging them or using a more complex initial guess.

But this is getting too vague.

In conclusion, the plan is to modify the existing code to use a better initial guess and possibly a different optimization method. Given the time, I'll proceed with the following changes:

- Use a structured initial guess based on evenly spaced intervals.
- Use a different optimization method, like differential evolution.
- Perform multiple restarts with different initial guesses.

But given the time, I'll proceed to write the code with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import differential_evolution, minimize
from scipy.signal import correlate

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Use the provided initial_h_values as a base
    initial_h = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_h)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    # Define the objective function
    def objective(h):
        cross_corr = correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(cross_corr)
        return max_corr * dx

    # Define constraints
    def constraint(h):
        return np.sum(h) - n_points / 2

    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    # Generate a structured initial guess: alternate 1s and 0s
    def structured_initial_guess():
        h = np.zeros(n_points)
        for i in range(n_points):
            if i % 2 == 0:
                h[i] = 1.0
            else:
                h[i] = 0.0
        return h

    # Function to generate a random initial guess
    def random_initial_guess():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h)
        return h

    # Function to perturb the initial guess
    def perturb(h, seed=None):
        np.random.seed(seed)
        perturbation = np.random.uniform(-0.1, 0.1, size=len(h))
        return np.clip(h + perturbation, 0.0, 1.0)

    # Run multiple optimizations
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_h.copy()

    # Number of restarts
    num_restarts = 50  # Reduced to save time

    for i in range(num_restarts):
        # Generate a random initial guess or perturb the initial_h
        if i % 3 == 0:
            # Use the structured initial guess
            h_initial = structured_initial_guess()
        elif i % 3 == 1:
            # Generate a random initial guess
            h_initial = random_initial_guess()
        else:
            # Perturb the initial_h
            h_initial = perturb(initial_h, seed=seed + i)

        # Perform optimization with differential evolution
        result = differential_evolution(
            objective,
            bounds,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint},
            popsize=15,
            mutation=(0.5, 1),
            recombination='blend',
            tol=1e-9,
            maxiter=50,
            polish=True,
            disp=False
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
        else:
            # Fallback to the initial guess if optimization fails
            current_c5 = objective(h_initial)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = h_initial

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```