<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used a local optimization approach with SLSQP, but maybe that's not sufficient. Let me think about how to approach this differently.

First, the problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The challenge is to find a function h that makes this maximum as small as possible.

The previous code tried multiple restarts with random perturbations and SLSQP optimization. But maybe that's getting stuck in local minima. What other approaches can I use?

Hmm, the lessons mentioned normalization during optimization. The previous code already scales h to maintain the sum constraint. But maybe there's a way to parameterize h more effectively. For example, using a piecewise constant function with certain intervals, or using a more structured approach like dividing the interval into segments where h is 0 or 1, but that might not be flexible enough.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model this as a game where we try to balance the function h such that for any shift k, the overlap isn't too large. Maybe using a Fourier analysis approach? But I'm not sure how to translate that into an optimization problem.

Wait, the problem is similar to designing a function that has low correlation with its shifted versions. In signal processing, this is related to low autocorrelation sequences. Maybe techniques from that area can be applied here. For example, using a Barker code or similar sequences, but adjusted for the integral constraint.

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy approach: iteratively adjust h to reduce the maximum overlap. For instance, identify the k that currently gives the highest overlap and adjust h to lower that value. But how to implement that efficiently?

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 95). Maybe trying different n_points could help. For example, using a smaller n_points might allow for more exploration, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, the current code uses n_points=95, which is already a decent size. Maybe increasing n_points could allow for more precise control, but that might take longer to optimize.

Wait, the user's previous program had a problem where the initial_h_values were used, but maybe starting from a different initial guess could help avoid local optima. The lessons suggested that starting from the current construction might not be the best, so perhaps generating multiple initial guesses with different structures could be better.

What about using a genetic algorithm? It's a population-based approach that can explore the solution space more thoroughly. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time budget might be challenging, especially with the constraints on the number of points and the need to evaluate the objective function quickly.

Alternatively, maybe using a more sophisticated optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe switching to a global optimization method like differential evolution could help escape local minima. But differential evolution might be slower, so need to balance the number of iterations.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is the maximum over k, perhaps we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we minimize the maximum value. However, this is a minimax problem, which is tricky. One approach is to use a penalty method, where we try to minimize the maximum by adding a penalty term that increases when the maximum is large. But how to implement that in practice?

Wait, the current objective function is to minimize the maximum cross-correlation. So, perhaps we can use a convex optimization approach by considering the maximum as a constraint. For example, we can try to find h such that for all k, the cross-correlation is less than some value C, and then minimize C. This becomes a semi-infinite optimization problem, which is difficult to solve directly. But maybe we can approximate it by considering a finite set of k values, which is what the code does by evaluating the full cross-correlation.

So, perhaps the previous approach is already considering all possible k, but the optimization is getting stuck. Maybe the problem is that the optimization is too local. To improve, maybe using a more global search strategy, like simulated annealing or a hybrid approach.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess is not good enough. The initial_h_values provided might be a local minimum. So, perhaps generating multiple initial guesses with different structures could help. For example, starting with a function that has a certain pattern, like alternating 0s and 1s, or using a more uniform distribution.

Wait, the previous code uses a random initial guess and perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of restarts or using different initial structures could help. For instance, starting with a function that is 0.5 everywhere, then adjusting it to meet the integral constraint. But that might not be effective.

Another thought: the overlap integral for a given k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. If we can find a function h that is "balanced" in some way, such that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized. For example, if h is a step function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged so that shifting it overlaps with the 0 regions as much as possible.

But how to design such a function? Maybe using a periodic pattern. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 1 for a certain length and 0 for another, arranged periodically. However, the integral constraint requires that the total area is 1. For example, if the function is 1 on a interval of length L and 0 elsewhere, then L must be 1. But that's a simple case, and the overlap would depend on the shift.

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern with multiple segments. For example, a function that is 1 on two intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged so that shifting by certain amounts would cause overlaps with the 0 regions.

But how to model this in code? Maybe parameterizing the function with certain parameters and optimizing those. For example, if we have a function that is 1 on intervals [a, b] and [c, d], then the parameters a, b, c, d would need to be optimized. However, this approach could become complex with many parameters.

Alternatively, perhaps using a binary representation where h is 0 or 1, but that might not be flexible enough. However, the problem allows h to be a step function, which could be represented as a piecewise constant function with different values.

Wait, the problem says h is a step function, but the code represents it as samples. So maybe the function is piecewise constant with certain intervals. However, the code uses a discrete representation with n_points samples, so it's more like a sampled function.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is maximized over all k, perhaps the worst-case k is when the shift aligns the 1s of h with the 0s of h shifted by k. So, the function should be designed such that for any shift k, the overlap between h and 1 - h shifted by k is minimized.

This seems similar to designing a function that is as "spread out" as possible. For example, if h is a uniform distribution, but that's not allowed since the integral is 1. Wait, the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, so the average value of h is 0.5. So, maybe a uniform distribution would have h(x) = 0.5 for all x, but that would make the overlap integral for any k equal to the integral of 0.5*(1 - 0.5) dx = 0.25 * 2 = 0.5. But the current best is lower than that, so that's not optimal.

So, the goal is to have h not uniform, but structured in a way that for any shift, the overlap is minimized. Maybe using a function with more 0s and 1s in a way that shifting it doesn't align too many 1s with 0s.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? The previous code uses a local optimization approach, but perhaps a better approach is to use a global optimization method that can explore the solution space more effectively.

Another idea: using a Bayesian optimization approach, where we sample different h functions and evaluate their C₅ value, then use that information to guide the search. However, implementing Bayesian optimization within the time constraints might be challenging, especially with the need to evaluate the objective function quickly.

Alternatively, maybe using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses. The previous code already does this with random perturbations, but perhaps using more structured initial guesses could help. For example, starting with a function that has a certain pattern, like a sine wave or a square wave, and then optimizing from there.

Wait, the initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point, but maybe modifying it by introducing more structure. For example, if the initial function has certain regions where it's higher or lower, we could try to adjust those regions to reduce the overlap.

Another thought: the problem is similar to the "minimum maximum overlap" problem, which might have known solutions or techniques. For example, in the case of C₅, which is related to the Erdős discrepancy problem. However, I'm not familiar with specific techniques for this exact problem.

Let me think about the code again. The previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe the issue is that the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. To improve, perhaps using a different optimization method, like a genetic algorithm or a particle swarm optimization, which can explore the solution space more thoroughly.

But implementing a genetic algorithm might be time-consuming. Let's think about the time budget. The user has 100 seconds and 10 CPUs. So, the code needs to run efficiently. Maybe using a more efficient optimization method.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different parameterization. For example, instead of representing h as a vector of values, parameterizing it in terms of the positions and widths of intervals where h is 1 or 0. However, this would complicate the optimization.

Another idea: since the overlap integral depends on the cross-correlation, maybe we can model this as a convolution problem. The cross-correlation of h and 1 - h is the same as the convolution of h with 1 - h reversed. But I'm not sure how that helps directly.

Wait, the cross-correlation for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For the maximum over k, this is equivalent to finding the shift that maximizes the overlap between h and 1 - h shifted by k. So, the problem is to find h such that this maximum is minimized.

Another approach: consider that for each x, h(x) and 1 - h(x + k) are multiplied. To minimize the maximum over k, perhaps we need to ensure that h is as "balanced" as possible across different shifts. For example, if h is a function that is 1 for a certain length and 0 for another, then shifting it by the length would cause the overlap to be zero. But for other shifts, the overlap would be non-zero.

But how to design such a function? Maybe using a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced out in a way that shifting by certain amounts doesn't align them with the 0 regions.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of multiple intervals, each with different lengths and positions, to minimize the overlap for all possible shifts. This seems complex, but perhaps with a certain number of intervals, it's possible to find an optimal configuration.

But again, how to translate this into code? Maybe using a more structured optimization approach, like a simulated annealing algorithm that explores different configurations.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to designing a binary sequence with low autocorrelation, which is a known problem. For example, in coding theory, sequences with low autocorrelation are used in communication systems. Perhaps techniques from there can be adapted.

In that case, maybe using a binary sequence (with values 0 and 1) that has low autocorrelation, then scaling it to meet the integral constraint. However, the problem allows h to be any step function between 0 and 1, not necessarily binary. But maybe starting with a binary sequence and then adjusting it could be a good approach.

For example, if we have a binary sequence with certain properties, then the overlap integral would be the number of positions where both h(x) and 1 - h(x + k) are 1, multiplied by dx. But since the integral is over a continuous interval, this would translate to the area of overlap between the 1 regions of h and the 0 regions of h shifted by k.

But how to find such a sequence? For example, a Barker code has low autocorrelation, but I'm not sure if that applies here. Alternatively, using a de Bruijn sequence or other combinatorial structures.

However, this might be too vague. Let's think about the code again. The previous code uses a local optimization approach with multiple restarts. To improve, maybe increasing the number of restarts, using different initial guesses, and perhaps adjusting the optimization parameters.

Another idea: during the optimization, after each update to h, enforce the sum constraint by normalizing h. The previous code does this by scaling h to maintain the sum. However, maybe using a more precise normalization method, like projecting the current h onto the constraint manifold.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints without requiring gradients. Or using a Bayesian optimization approach with a surrogate model.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a more global optimization method, like differential evolution, which is better at escaping local minima. Let's try that.

Differential evolution (DE) is a population-based optimization algorithm that works well for continuous optimization problems. It can handle the constraints and the objective function here. However, DE might be slower than SLSQP, but with the number of restarts reduced, it might still fit within the time budget.

So, modifying the previous code to use differential evolution instead of SLSQP. Also, perhaps using a different initial guess strategy, such as starting with a more structured initial guess.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of restarts (100). Maybe reducing that number and using a more efficient optimization method could help.

Also, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point. Maybe using that as the initial guess for the DE algorithm, and then perturbing it.

So, the plan is:

1. Use differential evolution for optimization, which is better at exploring the solution space.
2. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point, and also generate other initial guesses.
3. Reduce the number of restarts to save time, but still explore multiple starting points.
4. Ensure that during optimization, the sum constraint is maintained by normalizing the h values.

Let me think about how to implement this. The scipy.optimize.differential_evolution function can be used, but it requires the bounds and constraints. However, the sum constraint is an equality constraint, which might be difficult to handle directly with DE. Alternatively, during the optimization, we can enforce the sum constraint by normalizing the h values after each step.

Wait, the differential evolution algorithm can handle bounds, but the sum constraint is an equality. To handle this, perhaps we can use a penalty method, where the objective function includes a penalty term for violating the sum constraint. However, this might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, during the evaluation of the objective function, we can normalize the h values to meet the sum constraint. For example, after each evaluation, if the sum is not equal to n_points / 2, scale the h values accordingly. This way, the constraint is always satisfied.

But how to integrate this into the optimization. For example, in the DE algorithm, each candidate solution is evaluated, and during evaluation, we can normalize it. This would ensure that the sum constraint is always met, without needing to add it as a constraint in the optimization.

This approach might work. So, modifying the objective function to normalize h before computing the cross-correlation.

Let me outline the steps:

- The objective function takes h as input.
- It first normalizes h to ensure that the sum is n_points / 2.
- Then computes the cross-correlation and returns the maximum value multiplied by dx.

This way, the sum constraint is always satisfied, and we don't need to include it as an explicit constraint in the optimization.

This approach could simplify the optimization, as the DE algorithm doesn't need to handle equality constraints. However, the normalization step might introduce some bias, but it's necessary to maintain the constraint.

So, modifying the previous code to use differential evolution with this normalization step.

Another thing: the differential evolution algorithm can be configured with different parameters, like population size and mutation rate. Tuning these parameters could help find better solutions.

Putting this together, the code would:

- Use differential evolution with bounds [0, 1] for each h[i].
- Normalize the h values during the objective function evaluation.
- Evaluate the cross-correlation and return the maximum value multiplied by dx.
- Run multiple optimizations with different initial guesses.

Additionally, to avoid getting stuck in local optima, the code could start with the initial_h_values and also generate other initial guesses, such as random ones or structured ones.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe we can use a multi-objective approach, but that might complicate things.

So, the plan is to replace the SLSQP optimization with differential evolution, use normalization during the objective function, and run multiple optimizations with different starting points.

Now, let's think about the code structure. The previous code uses minimize with SLSQP. To switch to differential evolution, we can use scipy.optimize.differential_evolution.

But the differential evolution function requires the bounds and the objective function. Also, since the objective function needs to normalize h, we can do that inside the objective function.

Let me draft the code:

Import necessary modules, including scipy.optimize.differential_evolution.

Define the objective function that normalizes h and computes the cross-correlation.

Then, run differential evolution with the bounds and the objective function.

But how to handle the initial guesses? The differential evolution algorithm can take an initial population, but if not provided, it generates one. However, to start from the initial_h_values, we can set the initial population to be based on that.

Alternatively, run multiple differential evolution runs with different initial guesses.

But given the time constraints, maybe running a single differential evolution run with the initial_h_values as the initial population could be effective.

However, the previous code used multiple restarts. To replicate that, perhaps running multiple differential evolution runs with different initial populations.

But this might be time-consuming. Alternatively, using a single run with a larger population size.

Another consideration: the differential evolution algorithm may take longer to converge, so we need to set appropriate parameters, like the population size and the maximum number of iterations.

In terms of code structure:

- The run function will take the initial_h_values, and use them as the initial guess.
- The objective function normalizes h and computes the cross-correlation.
- Use differential evolution to find the minimum.

But how to integrate this into the existing code structure.

Also, the previous code had a random_initial_guess function. Maybe generating multiple initial guesses and running differential evolution on each.

But given the time budget, it's better to focus on a single, efficient optimization approach.

Another thing: the cross-correlation computation in the previous code uses scipy.signal.correlate with mode 'full'. This returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum of this is the value we want to minimize.

So, the objective function for differential evolution would be:

def objective(h):
    h = h.copy()
    # Normalize to meet the sum constraint
    h = h * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h)
    cross_corr = correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(cross_corr)
    return max_corr * dx

But wait, the sum of h after normalization is n_points / 2, which is correct.

So, the objective function is as above.

Now, using differential evolution to minimize this function.

The code would then be:

import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import differential_evolution

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Assume initial_h_values is a global variable
    initial_h = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_h)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    # Define the objective function
    def objective(h):
        # Normalize to meet the sum constraint
        h_normalized = h * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h)
        cross_corr = correlate(h_normalized, 1 - h_normalized, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(cross_corr)
        return max_corr * dx

    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    # Run differential evolution
    result = differential_evolution(
        objective,
        bounds,
        strategy='best1bin',
        popsize=15,
        mutation=(0.5, 1.0),
        recombination=0.9,
        maxiter=100,
        tol=1e-6,
        disp=False
    )

    best_h = result.x
    best_c5 = result.fun

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

Wait, but this would run a single differential evolution run. However, the previous code used multiple restarts. To improve, maybe running multiple differential evolution runs with different initial populations.

But with the time budget, it's better to optimize the parameters of the differential evolution. For example, increasing the population size or the number of iterations.

Another thing: the initial_h_values might be a good starting point. So, perhaps setting the initial population of differential evolution to be based on the initial_h_values.

But the differential_evolution function doesn't allow for an initial population directly. However, we can generate multiple initial guesses and run the optimization from there.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the initial guess for the differential evolution.

But how to do that? The differential_evolution function doesn't take an initial guess, but it can be set via the population. However, without knowing the exact parameters, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, run multiple differential evolution runs with different starting points, such as the initial_h_values and random guesses.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to use differential evolution with the initial_h_values as the initial guess, and see if it improves the result.

Another consideration: the previous code had a constraint on the sum of h, which was enforced by scaling. The differential evolution approach also enforces this by normalizing during the objective function.

This approach may be more efficient than SLSQP, as differential evolution can explore the solution space more thoroughly.

Testing this approach might lead to a better C₅ bound.

Another thing to note: the previous code had a perturb function to generate perturbations. In the differential evolution approach, the algorithm itself handles the exploration, so maybe that's not needed.

But to ensure diversity in the population, perhaps using a larger population size.

In conclusion, the plan is to replace the SLSQP optimization with differential evolution, normalize the h values during the objective function, and run multiple optimizations with different initial guesses to find the best solution.

Now, implementing this in code, considering the time budget and the need to return the best solution within 100 seconds.

Also, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred, but the initial_h_values has n_points=95. Maybe trying with a smaller n_points could be faster, but the current code uses the provided initial_h_values. So, it's better to stick with that.

Thus, the final code would use differential evolution with the normalization step and multiple runs to find the best solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import differential_evolution
from scipy.signal import correlate

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    initial_h = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_h)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def objective(h):
        h_normalized = h * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h)
        cross_corr = correlate(h_normalized, 1 - h_normalized, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(cross_corr)
        return max_corr * dx

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    # Use initial guess as starting point
    result = differential_evolution(
        objective,
        bounds,
        strategy='best1bin',
        popsize=15,
        mutation=(0.5, 1.0),
        recombination=0.9,
        maxiter=100,
        tol=1e-6,
        disp=False,
        seed=seed
    )

    best_h = result.x
    best_c5 = result.fun
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```