<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used a local optimization approach with SLSQP, but maybe that's not sufficient. Let me think about how to approach this differently.

First, the problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The challenge is to find a function h that makes this maximum as small as possible.

The previous code tried multiple restarts with random perturbations and SLSQP optimization. But maybe that's getting stuck in local minima. What other approaches can I use?

Hmm, the lessons mentioned normalization during optimization. The previous code already scales h to maintain the sum constraint. But maybe there's a way to parameterize h more effectively. For example, using a piecewise constant function with specific intervals where h is 0 or 1, but that might not be flexible enough. Alternatively, maybe using a more structured approach, like dividing the interval [0,2] into segments and assigning h values in a way that balances the overlaps.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model this as a bilevel optimization problem. However, that might be too complex. Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm or other population-based method could help escape local optima. But given the time budget, maybe a more efficient approach is needed.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 95). Maybe using a smaller number of points could be better? The user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. Let me check the initial_h_values. If the initial_h_values have 95 points, maybe reducing the number of points could allow for more efficient optimization. But how?

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization method like differential evolution could help find better solutions. However, differential evolution might be slower, but with the budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, perhaps it's feasible.

Another thought: the current approach uses a fixed number of restarts. Maybe increasing the number of restarts or varying the initial guesses more effectively could help. Also, the perturbation function might not be sufficient. Maybe using a different way to generate initial guesses, such as using a grid search or other heuristics.

Wait, the problem requires that the function h is a step function. So perhaps the optimal h has certain symmetries or patterns. For example, maybe a periodic or symmetric structure that balances the overlaps. For instance, if h is designed to have equal regions where it's 1 and 0, but arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Alternatively, considering that the integral over all shifts needs to be minimized, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is as "spread out" as possible. For example, a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart, so that shifting it would not overlap much with itself.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem? Maybe using a more structured parameterization. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into m segments and assigning h to be 1 or 0 in those segments. However, this would be a combinatorial problem, which might be too complex for large m. But with a small m, perhaps it's manageable.

Alternatively, maybe using a continuous parameterization where h is a piecewise linear function, but that might complicate the optimization.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a gradient-based method with a different objective function. However, the maximum over k is non-differentiable, which complicates things. Maybe approximating the maximum by considering a few key shifts, but that might not be accurate.

Wait, the current code uses the cross-correlation. The cross-correlation of h and 1 - h gives the integral over all shifts. The maximum of these values is what we need to minimize. So perhaps instead of trying to optimize for all shifts at once, we can focus on the shifts that are most critical. For example, the shifts that correspond to the largest overlaps. But how to determine which shifts to focus on?

Alternatively, maybe using a surrogate function that approximates the maximum overlap. For instance, using a few key shifts and optimizing for those. However, this might not capture the true maximum.

Another approach: since the integral is over x in [0,2], and the shift k can be any real number, but in the discretized version, we have to consider the shifts corresponding to the sample points. Wait, the cross-correlation in the code is computed with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. However, in the problem statement, the integral is over all real numbers k, but in the discretized version, the code uses the cross-correlation which is a discrete approximation. So maybe the code is correctly approximating the integral over k.

But perhaps the code is not considering all possible shifts. For example, when using the cross-correlation, the shifts are discrete. However, the problem's actual integral is over all real k. But given that the function is piecewise constant, maybe the maximum overlap occurs at certain shifts that correspond to the sample points. So the code's approach is a valid approximation.

So, the main issue is how to find a good h that minimizes the maximum cross-correlation value. The previous code uses a local optimization approach with multiple restarts. To improve this, perhaps using a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, which is better at exploring the search space.

Let me think about the parameters. The previous code uses SLSQP with 100 iterations. Maybe using a global optimizer like differential evolution could find better solutions. However, differential evolution might be slower, but with the given budget, perhaps it's manageable.

Another thing: the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe there are other starting points that could lead to better solutions. For example, using a more structured initial guess, such as a periodic function or a function with specific patterns.

Also, the previous code's perturbation function adds a small random perturbation. Maybe using a different perturbation strategy, such as adding noise in certain regions or using a more systematic approach.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model this as a minimax problem. However, solving such problems directly is challenging. Maybe using a penalty method where we try to minimize the maximum overlap by adding a penalty term to the objective function. But this would require knowing which shifts are causing the maximum overlap, which is not straightforward.

Alternatively, perhaps using a multi-objective optimization approach where we try to minimize multiple cross-correlation values simultaneously. However, this would complicate the optimization.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 95). Maybe reducing the number of points could allow for faster optimization and better exploration. For example, using n_points = 50 or 100. However, the initial_h_values might have a specific number of points. Let me check the initial_h_values. The user says that the initial_h_values are available as a global variable, but the code provided earlier uses n_points = len(initial_h). So if the initial_h_values have 95 points, then the code uses that. But maybe using a different number of points could yield better results. However, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. So perhaps trying with fewer points could be better.

But how to decide? Maybe the initial_h_values are already a good starting point, and trying with fewer points might not be as effective. Alternatively, maybe using a different number of points could allow for a more optimal solution.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different discretization strategy, such as adaptive sampling where regions with higher variation are sampled more densely. But this would complicate the code.

Another idea: since the integral is over x in [0,2], and the function h is a step function, maybe we can model h as a set of intervals where it is 1 or 0. For example, if we divide [0,2] into m intervals, and assign h to be 1 in some of them and 0 in others. The total integral would be the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h is 1. This is similar to a binary optimization problem. However, with m intervals, the number of possible combinations is 2^m, which is infeasible for large m. But for small m, say m=10, it's manageable. However, this approach might not capture the optimal solution, which could require more complex patterns.

Alternatively, using a continuous parameterization where h is a function that can take values between 0 and 1, but this brings us back to the original problem.

So, perhaps the best approach is to use a global optimization method like differential evolution, which can explore the search space more thoroughly than local methods. Let's consider implementing that.

Differential evolution works by maintaining a population of candidate solutions and iteratively improving them through mutation, crossover, and selection. This could help avoid local optima. Also, using a larger population size and more generations might lead to better results.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, how feasible is this? Let's think about the computational cost. For each evaluation of the objective function, we compute the cross-correlation and take the maximum. For a population size of, say, 50 and 100 generations, that's 5000 evaluations. Each evaluation involves computing the cross-correlation, which for n_points=95 is O(n^2) operations. However, with n_points=95, the cross-correlation is manageable. So, with 5000 evaluations, it's feasible within the time budget.

Another consideration: the previous code uses a fixed number of restarts (100) with SLSQP. Maybe using differential evolution with a population-based approach could find better solutions in fewer iterations.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution instead of SLSQP. Also, using the initial_h_values as the initial population. Additionally, perhaps using a more efficient way to handle the constraints. The constraint is that the sum of h is n_points / 2. In differential evolution, we can handle this by ensuring that during mutation and crossover, the constraints are maintained. Alternatively, we can use a penalty method where the objective function includes a penalty for violating the constraint.

Wait, the differential evolution approach would need to handle the constraint that the sum of h is fixed. One way to do this is to normalize the h values after each mutation and crossover step. For example, after generating a new candidate solution, we can scale it so that the sum is correct. This way, the constraint is always satisfied.

So, the plan is:

1. Use differential evolution to optimize the h values.
2. Ensure that during the optimization process, the sum of h is maintained by normalizing after each mutation/crossover.
3. Use the initial_h_values as the initial population.
4. Evaluate the objective function as the maximum cross-correlation value multiplied by dx.

This approach might explore the search space more effectively than the previous local optimization.

Another thing to consider: the previous code used a fixed number of restarts. With differential evolution, the population size and generations can be adjusted to balance exploration and exploitation.

Now, let's think about implementing this in code. The scipy.optimize.differential_evolution function can be used. However, it requires the bounds and the objective function. Also, the constraint on the sum of h can be handled by normalizing the solution after each step.

Wait, but differential evolution doesn't directly handle constraints. So, we need to incorporate the constraint into the optimization. One way is to use a penalty function. However, since the constraint is equality, we can normalize the solution after each mutation and crossover step. For example, after generating a new candidate solution, we can scale it so that the sum is n_points / 2. This way, the constraint is always satisfied.

So, modifying the objective function to include the normalization step. However, in differential evolution, the objective function is called with the candidate solution, and we can normalize it before evaluating the objective.

Wait, but the differential evolution function in scipy.optimize.differential_evolution doesn't allow for custom mutation and crossover steps. So, perhaps the best way is to use the bounds and include the normalization as part of the objective function. Alternatively, use a constrained optimization approach with the penalty method.

Alternatively, during the optimization, after generating a candidate solution, we can normalize it. However, this would require modifying the candidate solution before evaluating the objective function. But the differential evolution function in scipy doesn't allow for this directly. So, perhaps using a wrapper function that normalizes the candidate solution before evaluating the objective.

But how to do this? Let me think. The differential evolution function takes a function that returns the objective value. So, in our case, the objective function would take h, normalize it, and then compute the cross-correlation. However, this would mean that the normalization is part of the objective function. But this could lead to the optimizer not considering the normalization as part of the search space. Alternatively, perhaps the normalization is applied after each mutation and crossover step, but that's not straightforward with the standard differential evolution implementation.

Alternatively, use a constrained optimization approach with the constraint that the sum of h is fixed. For example, using the SLSQP method with the constraint, but that's what the previous code did. However, the previous code didn't find a good enough solution.

Hmm. Maybe combining both approaches: using differential evolution to explore the search space and then using local optimization to refine the solution. But this might be complex.

Alternatively, let's proceed with differential evolution, and handle the constraint by normalizing the candidate solution before evaluating the objective. For example, in the objective function, take the candidate h, normalize it to have sum n_points/2, then compute the cross-correlation. This way, the constraint is always satisfied. However, this would mean that the optimization is performed on the space of h values, but with the normalization applied automatically. This could work.

So, the objective function would be:

def objective(h):
    h_normalized = h * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h)
    cross_corr = correlate(h_normalized, 1 - h_normalized, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(cross_corr)
    return max_corr * dx

But wait, this would normalize h every time, which might not be the best approach. Because during the optimization, the candidate solutions could be anywhere, and normalizing them would force the constraint. However, this approach would make the optimization problem unconstrained, as the normalization ensures the constraint is met.

But this could lead to issues. For example, if the sum of h is zero, then dividing by zero would occur. However, since the differential evolution is searching for h in [0,1], and the initial population is generated with the correct sum, perhaps this is manageable. Alternatively, during the optimization, the candidate solutions may have sum close to zero, but with the normalization, it would be adjusted.

But this approach might not be the best. Alternatively, during the mutation and crossover steps, we can ensure that the sum is maintained. However, this requires modifying the differential evolution process, which is not straightforward with the standard implementation.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to proceed with the differential evolution method, normalizing the candidate solutions before evaluating the objective function. This way, the constraint is always satisfied, and the optimization can focus on minimizing the maximum cross-correlation.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution instead of SLSQP. Let's outline the steps:

1. Define the objective function that normalizes h and computes the cross-correlation.
2. Use scipy.optimize.differential_evolution with the bounds [0,1] for each h[i].
3. Set the initial population to the initial_h_values, possibly with some perturbations.
4. Run the optimization for a certain number of generations, ensuring that the time budget is respected.

But how to handle the initial population? The differential evolution function allows for an initial population, but if not provided, it generates one randomly. However, using the initial_h_values as the initial population could help converge faster.

Another consideration: the differential evolution's performance can be sensitive to the bounds and the population size. For example, using a larger population size and more generations might lead to better results, but it could take more time.

Now, let's think about the code structure. The previous code uses minimize with SLSQP. To switch to differential evolution, we can use scipy.optimize.differential_evolution. However, the objective function needs to be defined properly.

Also, the initial_h_values are provided as a global variable. So, in the code, we can start the differential evolution with the initial_h_values as the initial population.

Another thing: the differential evolution function may not be able to handle the initial population directly. So, perhaps we can generate the initial population by taking the initial_h_values and adding some random perturbations.

But let's proceed. Here's a rough outline of the code:

import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import differential_evolution
from scipy.signal import correlate

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    initial_h = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_h)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    # Define the objective function
    def objective(h):
        # Normalize h to meet the sum constraint
        h_normalized = h * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h)
        # Compute cross-correlation with 1 - h
        cross_corr = correlate(h_normalized, 1 - h_normalized, mode='full')
        # Find the maximum value in the cross-correlation
        max_corr = np.max(cross_corr)
        return max_corr * dx

    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    # Set up the differential evolution optimization
    result = differential_evolution(
        objective,
        bounds,
        strategy='best1bin',
        maxiter=100,
        popsize=20,
        tol=1e-6,
        mutation=(0.5, 1),
        recombination=0.8,
        seed=seed
    )

    best_h = result.x
    best_c5 = result.fun

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

Wait, but this code would run differential evolution once. However, the previous code used multiple restarts. Maybe running multiple runs with different seeds or initial populations could help find better solutions. Also, the parameters for differential evolution (like maxiter, popsize, etc.) need to be tuned.

But given the time budget, it's important to balance between the number of iterations and the population size. For example, with a population size of 20 and maxiter=100, it might take some time. Also, the mutation and recombination parameters can be adjusted.

Another thing: the objective function normalizes h every time. This ensures that the sum constraint is met. However, this normalization could introduce some numerical issues. For example, if the sum of h is very close to zero, but since the initial population is generated with the correct sum and the bounds are [0,1], this might not be a problem.

But in practice, the differential evolution might generate candidates with sum close to zero, but the normalization would adjust them. However, this could lead to some instability. To mitigate this, perhaps we can add a small epsilon to avoid division by zero. But given that the initial population is correct and the bounds are [0,1], it's unlikely to be a problem.

Another consideration: the differential evolution's objective function is called with the candidate h, which is then normalized. However, this normalization is applied regardless of whether the candidate is feasible. This could lead to the optimizer exploring infeasible regions, but the normalization ensures that the final h is feasible.

This approach might be more effective than the previous local optimization, as it explores the search space more thoroughly.

But how to handle the initial population? The differential evolution function allows for an initial population, but if not provided, it generates one randomly. Using the initial_h_values as the initial population could help converge faster. However, the differential_evolution function in scipy doesn't accept an initial population directly. So, perhaps we can generate the initial population by perturbing the initial_h_values.

Alternatively, we can run the differential evolution with the initial population set to the initial_h_values. But I'm not sure how to do that in scipy. Maybe by setting the seed and generating the initial population manually. However, this might be complex.

Alternatively, we can run multiple differential evolution runs with different initial seeds, but this could take more time.

Another idea: since the initial_h_values are a good starting point, perhaps using them as the initial guess for the differential evolution. However, the differential evolution function doesn't take an initial guess, but it does take the bounds. So, perhaps the initial population is generated randomly, but we can set the seed to ensure reproducibility.

In any case, the code above is a starting point. Let's test it.

But there's another issue: the differential_evolution function in scipy.optimize may not be able to handle the normalization correctly. For example, if the candidate h has sum zero, then dividing by zero would occur. To prevent this, we can add a small epsilon to the sum. However, since the initial population is generated with the correct sum and the bounds are [0,1], this might not be necessary. But to be safe, perhaps we can add a small epsilon.

Alternatively, during the normalization step, check if the sum is zero and handle it. But this might complicate the code.

Another thing: the objective function returns the maximum cross-correlation value multiplied by dx. This is correct as per the problem statement.

Now, considering the previous code's performance, which achieved a C₅ of 0.381531, the new approach with differential evolution might find a better solution.

But what about the time budget? The previous code used 100 restarts with SLSQP, which might have taken a significant amount of time. The differential evolution approach with a few generations might be faster.

However, the code above runs differential evolution once. To improve the result, perhaps running multiple differential evolution runs with different parameters or initial conditions.

But given the time budget, it's important to make the code as efficient as possible.

Another idea: combine the differential evolution with a local optimization step. For example, run differential evolution to find a good candidate solution, then use SLSQP to refine it. This could help find a better solution.

But this would complicate the code and might take more time.

Alternatively, use a hybrid approach where the differential evolution is run with a larger population and more generations, then the best solution is refined with SLSQP.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to use differential evolution with a reasonable number of generations and population size.

Another consideration: the previous code used a fixed number of points (n_points = 95). Maybe using a smaller number of points could allow for faster optimization. However, the initial_h_values may have a specific number of points. If the initial_h_values have 95 points, then the code would use that. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. So, perhaps trying with fewer points, like 50 or 100, could be better.

But without knowing the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the code provided earlier uses the initial_h_values, so the number of points is fixed. Therefore, we have to work with that.

In conclusion, the plan is to replace the previous SLSQP optimization with differential evolution, ensuring that the sum constraint is maintained by normalizing the candidate solutions. This approach should explore the search space more effectively and potentially find a better solution.

Now, let's implement this in code, making sure to handle the normalization properly and respect the time budget.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import differential_evolution
from scipy.signal import correlate

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    initial_h = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_h)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def objective(h):
        # Normalize to ensure the integral constraint
        h_norm = h * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h)
        cross_corr = correlate(h_norm, 1 - h_norm, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(cross_corr)
        return max_corr * dx

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    # Set up differential evolution with multiple restarts
    result = differential_evolution(
        objective,
        bounds,
        strategy='best1bin',
        maxiter=100,
        popsize=30,
        tol=1e-6,
        mutation=(0.5, 1),
        recombination=0.8,
        seed=seed
    )

    best_h = result.x
    best_c5 = result.fun

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```