<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral. The previous code used a combination of different guess functions and optimization methods, but maybe there's a better way to approach this.

First, I need to understand the problem better. The function h is a step function over [0,2], with integral 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. Our task is to find h that minimizes this maximum value.

The previous approach started with an initial guess and then refined it using various optimization techniques like SLSQP and differential evolution. However, maybe that's not the most efficient way. Let me think about possible improvements.

One idea is to use a different initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might not be optimal. Maybe generating a better initial guess could help avoid local minima. For example, using a more structured pattern like a periodic function with certain properties could be better.

Another thought: perhaps using a more systematic approach to the optimization. The current code uses multiple guesses and then refines them with different methods. But maybe there's a better way to sample the search space. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach could be more efficient, especially since the objective function might be expensive to evaluate.

Wait, but the problem has a time budget of 100 seconds, so we need to manage computational resources wisely. If I can find a way to explore the search space more efficiently, maybe that would help.

Also, considering the constraints: the integral of h(x) must be exactly 1. The previous code uses a constraint in the optimization problem. That's important to maintain.

Another angle: the overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x+k)) dx. Since the integral is over [0,2], and the shift k could be in some range. But since the function is on [0,2], shifts beyond 2 might not contribute much, but maybe the relevant shifts are up to 2. So, the maximum occurs for some k in [0,2]. Therefore, when computing the correlation, we need to consider all possible shifts within that range.

But in the previous code, they used np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts, and then take the maximum over that. That's correct.

Now, for the function h, the previous code uses a combination of pulse, sawtooth, and random guesses. But maybe a better initial guess could be a piecewise constant function with certain properties. For example, a function that's uniform over certain intervals, but with some periodicity that reduces the overlap.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more mathematical approach. For example, considering that the optimal function h might have certain symmetries or properties that can be exploited. For example, if h is designed to have low overlap with its shifted versions, maybe by being a combination of overlapping intervals that don't interfere too much.

Another thought: since we're dealing with integrals over [0,2], maybe the function h(x) should be designed to be as spread out as possible. For instance, if h is a step function that has equal mass over multiple intervals, spaced in such a way that when shifted, they don't overlap much. But how to model that?

Alternatively, maybe using a function that's similar to the optimal solution for C₅. The current lower bound is around 0.38, so we need to find a function that makes this value as low as possible.

But how to model this? Maybe using a grid-based approach where the function h is constructed with certain intervals that are spaced optimally. But without knowing the exact structure, this is tricky.

Let me consider the previous code. It uses a variety of guess functions, including pulse and sawtooth waves. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using different types of functions that are likely to have good overlap properties.

Wait, but the code already has a few different types. Maybe the initial guesses could be more carefully chosen. For example, using a sine-like function, but with different parameters.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum of the convolution of h and (1 - h), which is equivalent to the cross-correlation. So, if I can model h as a function that, when convolved with (1 - h), has a maximum value that's minimized.

Another approach could be to use a genetic algorithm, but the previous code uses differential evolution and SLSQP, which are different. However, maybe the current approach isn't sufficient, so exploring different optimization techniques could help.

But with the time constraints, maybe a better approach is to focus on improving the initial guesses and the optimization steps.

Another idea: since the previous code uses a fixed n_points (45) for the initial_h_values, maybe using a different number of points could lead to better results. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred, as they are faster to optimize. The previous code uses 45 points, which is acceptable.

But perhaps a different number of points could lead to better convergence. For example, using a higher number of points might provide more flexibility, but the code might take longer to run. However, since the budget is 100 seconds, maybe increasing the number of points is feasible.

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values could be constructed with more structure. For example, a function that's a combination of a few intervals with certain lengths and positions. But how to model that algorithmically?

Alternatively, using a more balanced approach, where h is 1 over certain intervals and 0 in others, such that when shifted, the overlapping regions are minimized. For example, distributing the intervals evenly across the [0, 2] range. But the exact distribution would need to be optimized.

Another thought: maybe using a function that's periodic, with a certain frequency, such that when shifted by different k values, the overlap is minimized. For example, if h is a repeating pattern every certain interval, then shifting by that interval would result in no or minimal overlap.

But considering the integral constraint, the function must integrate to 1. So if the function is periodic with period T, then the integral over [0, 2] would need to account for the number of periods in that interval.

For example, suppose we design h to be a square wave with equal on and off periods. However, the integral over [0, 2] must be exactly 1, so the duty cycle would need to be adjusted accordingly.

Alternatively, using a triangular wave or other shape.

But again, without knowing the optimal structure, it's challenging. So perhaps focusing on improving the optimization methods.

The previous code uses SLSQP for refinement. Maybe using other optimization methods, like genetic algorithms, could help find better solutions, especially when the function is complex and has many local minima.

But since the code is supposed to be efficient, using a genetic algorithm might be too slow. However, given the time budget, maybe some approximation.

Another possibility: the previous code uses a mix of different initial guesses. Maybe expanding that by generating more diverse guesses could help. For example, including shaped functions with different parameters, or random seed variations.

Additionally, maybe the current approach is overcomplicating things. For example, using a simpler optimization strategy, but with better initial guesses.

Alternatively, instead of trying multiple guesses and refining them, perhaps using a more systematic approach like Bayesian optimization, which can guide the search more efficiently.

But how to implement that in the given time constraints?

Another idea: since the integral is constrained, perhaps the problem can be transformed into a constrained optimization problem where we directly model h as a vector of variables, and use an optimizer that can handle constraints efficiently.

The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. SLSQP is good for smooth functions and constraints, but differential evolution is more robust for non-smooth or noisy functions. However, the objective function here is smooth, so maybe SLSQP with a better initial guess is better.

But again, the initial guess is crucial. If the initial guess is bad, the optimization can get stuck in a local minimum.

So, perhaps the key is to generate a better initial guess. The previous code uses a combination of pulses and sawtooth functions, but maybe other functions could be better.

Wait, the problem is similar to the problem of designing a function that minimizes the maximum cross-correlation with its complement. This might have known optimal structures or bounds in literature, but since I'm not aware of them, I have to proceed heuristically.

Another approach: think about the function h as a probability distribution over [0, 2], with the constraint that the integral is 1. The goal is to minimize the maximum value of the overlap integral. This is similar to minimizing the maximum of the probability of the intersection of h and (1 - h) when shifted by k.

This is starting to resemble some type of optimal design problem. For example, in signal processing, minimizing the cross-correlation between signals is a common task. Similarly, in information theory, minimizing overlap might be related to certain coding or packing problems.

But how to translate this into an algorithm?

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs when the shifts are such that h and (1 - h) have maximum overlap. So, perhaps the optimal h should be designed to have minimal overlap with its shifted versions in the most critical shifts.

But how to model that in the optimization?

Maybe using a greedy approach: try to adjust h to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, find the k that gives the maximum overlap, and then adjust h to decrease that overlap, while maintaining the integral constraint.

But this is a local search approach and might not be efficient. Moreover, since the problem is global, it's possible that such a greedy method gets stuck in a local minimum.

Another thought: since the previous code uses a combination of different guess functions, maybe generating more initial guesses with different structures could lead to better solutions. For example, using sinusoidal functions with different frequencies and phases, or more complex shapes.

Alternatively, using a randomized approach, where we generate various random initial guesses and then optimize them. But this might not be more efficient than the previous approach.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of initial guesses, perhaps using an adaptive strategy that iteratively improves guesses based on previous results. For example, after finding a good guess, use its output as a new initial guess for the next iteration.

But again, this requires careful implementation and might not be feasible within the time constraints.

Let me think about the previous code again. It starts with the initial_h_values and then generates different guess functions. However, maybe the initial_h_values can be adjusted. For example, if the initial_h_values are not optimal, improving them could lead to better results.

But the problem states that the initial_h_values are provided when a parent construction exists, and the code must use them directly. So if the initial_h_values are part of the data, I can't modify them. So the code has to work with the given initial_h_values.

So the code starts with the initial_h_values and then uses various guess functions. The current code uses a fixed n_points (45 samples), which is acceptable.

Now, considering the time budget, the previous code uses Differential Evolution and then COBYLA for refinement. However, maybe the Differential Evolution is too slow, or the refinement steps are not sufficient.

Another possible improvement: using more parallelization. However, the code has only one CPU, so parallel processing isn't an option.

Alternatively, increasing the population size in the Differential Evolution might help, but it might take more time.

Another idea: using multiple starting points with different initial guesses and then choosing the best one. The previous code does this by generating various guesses, but perhaps a better way is to use a more systematic approach to generate the initial guesses.

For example, instead of using a fixed set of pulse and sawtooth functions, generate a set of functions that are more likely to have good properties. For example, using functions with certain symmetry, or functions that are optimized for minimal overlap in some specific shifts.

Alternatively, using a Fourier-based approach. Since the overlap is related to the Fourier transform, perhaps designing h to have certain properties in the frequency domain could minimize the overlap. However, this requires mathematical analysis that I might not have the time to develop.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a convex optimization problem. However, the objective function is non-convex, so convex optimization methods might not work directly. But perhaps using a convex relaxation?

But I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Another thought: the overlap integral is max_k ∫ h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. This can be rewritten as max_k ∫ [h(x) - h(x)h(x+k)] dx. Since the integral of h is 1, and ∫ h(x)h(x+k) dx is the overlap. So the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap over shifts.

But how to model this?

This seems like a challenging problem. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing algorithm by making the following improvements:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses. Instead of a few pulse and sawtooth functions, perhaps include more types of functions, such as random, clamped sinusoids, etc.

2. Use a more efficient optimization method, such as using a combination of different methods, or adjusting the parameters of the existing ones (like increasing the number of iterations or changing the tolerance).

3. Optimize the initial_guess generation to include more realistic candidates, perhaps based on known bounds or structures.

4. Implement a better refinement process. For example, using multiple passes of optimization with different strategies.

Let me think about how to implement these ideas in code.

First, the initial guesses could be generated with more diversity. For example, including more types of functions like:

- Square waves with different duty cycles.
- Sine waves with different frequencies and phase shifts.
- Gaussian pulses.
- Random functions with certain constraints.

But since the code can't use long literals, generating these function samples algorithmically is necessary.

Another idea: using a combination of periodic and aperiodic functions. For instance, adding a periodic component to a base function.

Alternatively, using a function that averages a few different structured functions.

But perhaps the current guess functions are sufficient, and the problem is the optimization steps.

In the previous code, after generating the initial guesses, they are refined using SLSQP with a certain number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or changing the method could help.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the refinement steps, such as Nelder-Mead or another derivative-free method.

Another idea: during the optimization, use a variable number of iterations based on the progress. For example, if the objective function decreases rapidly, reduce the number of iterations, but if it's stagnating, increase them.

But again, with time constraints, this requires careful code writing.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first run differential evolution to find a good candidate, then run SLSQP with more iterations to refine it.

The previous code does this, but perhaps adjusting the parameters of the optimization steps (like the population size, mutation rate, etc.) could lead to better results.

Another thought: some of the initial guesses might be better than others. For example, the initial_h_values could be a good starting point. But the previous code doesn't necessarily start with that. Wait, the initial_h_values is the starting point for the optimization. Wait, looking back:

In the previous code, the code starts by initializing h as the initial_h_values. Then, it generates additional guesses (pulse, sawtooth, random) and processes them. The initial_h_values is used as the first guess, and then others are added. However, this might not be the best approach because the initial_h_values could be a good starting point, and the other guesses might not be as useful.

Wait, the code has:

guesses = [h]
for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
    guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
for _ in range(3):
    guesses.append(gen_random())

So, the code adds the initial_h_values as the first guess, then adds pulse and sawtooth guesses, and random ones. So, the initial_h_values is part of the initial guesses. However, the optimization process may not be able to improve upon it if it's already good.

So, perhaps the initial_h_values could be a good starting point, and the code could focus on refining it with better optimization steps.

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values could be further improved by applying an optimization step immediately. This could lead to better initial guesses.

Another idea: the previous code uses a seed for randomness. Maybe varying the seed could lead to different initial guesses, but the user specified that the seed is 42. However, the code may not be able to find better results if it's stuck in a local minimum.

But since the problem requires a single run, the seed is fixed, so the code can't explore different seeds unless it's modified.

In summary, possible improvements include:

- Using more diverse initial guesses that could be better than the existing ones.
- Improving the optimization steps by adjusting parameters or methods.
- Refining the refinement process to get better convergence.

Now, considering these ideas, let's think about how to implement them in code.

First, for initial guesses, the current code includes pulses and sawtooth functions. Maybe adding more types of functions, like triangular waves, or more complex shapes, could generate better initial guesses.

For example, a triangular wave function could be generated as follows: for x in [0, 1], rise linearly to 1, then fall back to 0, or something like that. Then, tiling this over the [0, 2] interval.

Another possibility is to generate a function that has a specific pattern, like alternating high and low regions, spaced in a way that when shifted, overlaps are minimized.

But how to generate these functions algorithmically?

Alternatively, perhaps parametrizing the functions and generating them with varying parameters.

But this may complicate the code.

Alternatively, focus on improving the existing guess functions. For example, generating pulse functions with varying duty cycles, or modifying the sawtooth functions to have different parameters.

Another idea: for the pulse generators, instead of using a fixed duty cycle of 0.5, vary it to see if that helps. Similarly for the sawtooth functions.

In the current code, the pulse function is generated with duty 0.5, and the sawtooth with duty 0.3. Maybe experimenting with different duty cycles could yield better initial guesses.

But how to implement this efficiently.

Another thought: when generating the initial guesses, including more functions with varying parameters might help. For example, in the pulse function, trying different frequencies and duty cycles.

But again, this requires generating more guesses, which increases the number of initial guesses, but given the time budget, this might be feasible.

However, the previous code already does generate several guesses, but adding more might be beneficial.

Another idea: using a more efficient optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, instead of using SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations, perhaps using a gradient-based method that converges faster.

But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, in the refinement steps, using more interleaved optimization passes, such as alternating between differential evolution and local optimization.

In the current code, after the initial guesses, the code runs differential evolution for a certain number of iterations, then uses COBYLA for refinement. Maybe adjusting the parameters of these steps could lead to better results.

For example, increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters, or tightening the tolerance.

Another possible improvement is to use a more aggressive approach in the refinement steps. For example, using a higher number of iterations in COBYLA.

Also, the current code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess, which might not be the best. Maybe generating a different initial guess for the first step.

But again, without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to say.

Another point to consider: the evaluation of the objective function (computing the overlap integral) is a bit expensive. If the code can compute it more efficiently, that could allow for more optimization steps.

But the current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient in NumPy, so that's probably optimal.

Now, putting all these ideas into code.

The main changes would involve:

1. Improving the initial guesses by generating more diverse functions.

2. Optimizing the parameters of the optimization steps (like population size in differential evolution, number of iterations, etc.).

3. Using more effective refinement strategies.

Here's a plan for the code:

- Start with the initial_h_values as the first guess.
- Generate additional guesses with different structured functions (like different frequencies and duty cycles for pulse and sawtooth, and maybe other functions like triangular or other).
- Use differential evolution to explore the search space more thoroughly.
- Refine the best candidate using SLSQP with more iterations.
- Possibly use a different optimization method for the refinement step.
- Track the best solution found and return it.

To implement this, I'll need to modify the guess generation part. For example, adding more frequencies and duty cycles, or types of functions.

For example, instead of fixed frequencies (2-8), maybe using a wider range. Or varying the duty cycle for the pulse and sawtooth functions.

Additionally, perhaps generating some random functions with specific properties, like higher entropy.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of guesses could lead to better exploration.

But this could hit the time budget, so it's a trade-off.

Now, for the code structure:

- Generate a list of initial guesses, including the initial_h_values, pulse, sawtooth, and other types.
- For each guess, run optimization steps (SLSQP) to refine it.
- Use differential evolution to further explore the space.
- Refine the best solution with more optimization steps.

Another thing to consider is that the initial_h_values may already be a good base, so perhaps focusing on refining it and other guesses generated from it.

In terms of code, the previous code uses a loop for generating guesses. I can extend this by adding more guess functions, such as:

- Triangular wave
- Gaussian pulses
- Random with different parameters

But generating these in code requires functions like gen_triangle, etc., which would be added.

However, the problem is that the code needs to be concise, and adding more functions may increase the code length.

But given the constraints, it's necessary.

Alternatively, stick with the current types but vary the parameters.

For example, in the pulse function, vary the frequency and duty cycle. For example, using different frequencies and duty cycles for pulse and sawtooth functions.

Thus, in the guess generation, for pulses, include a range of frequencies and duty cycles.

But this requires generating more guesses, which may take more time, but with the budget, it's acceptable.

Another idea: instead of generating guesses at the start, use a combination of initial guesses and then use optimization steps to find better ones.

But this is already what the previous code does.

Finally, considering the time budget, the code should be optimized to run within 100 seconds, so the main focus is on making the optimization steps as efficient as possible.

Another possible improvement is to use the initial_h_values as the first guess and focus on refining it, rather than generating a large number of initial guesses, which might be time-consuming.

However, generating multiple initial guesses might help escape local minima.

In conclusion, the steps for the code are:

- Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.
- Generate additional guesses with varied structures (pulse, sawtooth, random).
- Optimize each guess with SLSQP.
- Use differential evolution to find better candidates based on these guesses.
- Refine the best candidate with more optimization steps.

Implementing this in code, with the given constraints.

Now, let's structure the code accordingly, making sure to adhere to the constraints like not using long literals and keeping the code concise.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_tri(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1)
        return np.clip(1 - wave * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        r = np.random.rand(n_points)
        return np.clip((r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * 0.5 + 0.5, 0, 1)

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 10, 12]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.45))
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 10, 12]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.25))
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 10, 12]:
        guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.35))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-4})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=40,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.99), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-8)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```