<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. The previous approach used SLSQP and differential evolution with some initial guesses based on pulse and sawtooth waves. But maybe there's a better way.

First, let me think about what the problem is asking. We need a step function h(x) on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k is minimized. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The value C₅ is the maximum of these integrals over all k. So, our goal is to find an h that makes this maximum as small as possible.

The previous code used a few initial guesses and then optimized them with SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there are other strategies. For example, maybe using a more systematic exploration of the parameter space, or different initial guesses, or a better optimization strategy.

Wait, the code uses a genetic algorithm (differential evolution) followed by local optimization with SLSQP. But maybe I can try different initial points. The previous code uses a variety of pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe I can generate more varied initial guesses, perhaps with different frequencies or duty cycles, or maybe even using a more structured approach like dividing the interval into regions with different values.

Another thought: the integral of h(x) is 1 over [0,2], so the average value is 0.5. The function h(x) should be a step function that's 1 in some regions and 0 elsewhere, but since it's a step function, maybe with more steps. But the problem allows h to be any step function, not necessarily with equal steps. However, the discretization is done as n_points samples, so maybe the approach should focus on generating h with a certain structure.

Alternatively, maybe using symmetry. Since the problem is over [0,2], and the overlap integral is over all shifts k, perhaps the optimal h has some symmetry. For example, maybe a symmetric pattern that repeats or has a periodic structure.

Another idea is to consider the problem as an optimization where we want to minimize the maximum overlap. This is a maximin problem. Perhaps using a particle swarm optimization or other global optimization method could be more effective than differential evolution. But since the time is limited, maybe combining different methods would be better.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution with a population size of 100. Maybe that's too slow. Perhaps reducing the population size or adjusting the parameters could help. Also, the current code uses multiple iterations of SLSQP after differential evolution. Maybe using more sophisticated optimization techniques, like the Nelder-Mead method, or using a different local optimizer.

Another possible improvement: when generating initial guesses, instead of just a few types of waves, perhaps using more diverse functions. For example, including some piecewise constant functions with varying numbers of steps. Or functions that have more complex patterns, like combining different waveforms or using a grid of points with certain properties.

But how to generate those initial guesses algorithmically? For example, for a given number of points, maybe split the interval into segments where h(x) is 1 or 0, in a way that balances the integral. Also, considering that the optimal h might have a certain number of steps, maybe trying different numbers of steps could be beneficial.

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy approach: start with a simple h and iteratively adjust it to reduce the maximum overlap. But this might get stuck in local minima.

Another thought: the overlap integral can be thought of as the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. So, for each k, we want to minimize this area. To minimize the maximum over all k, perhaps the optimal h is constructed to avoid having large regions where it's 1 and then 0 shifted by k. This suggests that h should be as "spread out" as possible, avoiding long periods of 1s and 0s.

Maybe using a function that is 1 for certain intervals and 0 otherwise, arranged so that the intervals are spaced out. For example, using a pattern that repeats every certain interval, but with varying lengths. For instance, if the interval is split into equal parts, but with different lengths.

Wait, the current initial_h_values is for n=45 points. Maybe generating a better initial guess by dividing the interval into segments with lengths that are fractions of the total, such that the sum is 1. For example, splitting into segments of length 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, etc., but adjusted to fit the required sum.

Alternatively, using a more optimal design. For example, in some problems, the optimal solution is a periodic sequence with certain properties, like in the case of the 5/13 constant for the Erdos problem. Wait, but I'm not sure about that. Maybe there's literature on optimal functions for this problem, but since the user is asking for an improved upper bound, perhaps the approach should be algorithmic.

Another approach: Since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, perhaps each integral corresponds to a shift k. To make all these integrals small, we can model the problem as a convex optimization problem. However, the function to minimize is non-convex, so it's challenging.

But maybe we can approximate the problem using some convex relaxation. For example, using a convex combination of variables, but this might not lead directly to the solution.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum is a convex function, maybe using a method that can handle the maximum by turning it into a series of constraints. But that's more of an abstract idea without immediate implementation.

Another idea: use derivative-based optimization techniques with a better starting point. For instance, the previous code starts from initial_h_values, but maybe that's not the best. If there's another initial guess that's better, like a more uniform distribution of 1s and 0s, that could lead to better results.

Wait, the initial_h_values from the previous code might be based on some known or constructed function. If I can generate a different initial guess, like a step function with varying intervals, that could help. For example, splitting the interval [0,2] into segments with lengths determined by some optimal distribution.

Another idea is to think about the problem as a covering problem. Each shift k corresponds to a certain displacement, and the function h should be designed so that for each possible displacement, the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0 is minimized.

This seems similar to designing a function that has minimal correlation with its shifted versions. The problem might be related to the concept of "offline" covering in signal processing, where certain properties are desired for the function.

Alternatively, using a random search approach, where we generate random step functions that satisfy the integral constraint, and evaluate their C₅ value. But with limited time, this might not be efficient. However, the code could combine this with local optimization steps.

But given the time budget, the previous code's approach already uses differential evolution. Perhaps the issue is that the current method isn't exploring the search space effectively. Maybe using different mutation and recombination parameters, or increasing the population size could help, but that might take more time.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient local optimization. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Perhaps adjusting the options, like using more iterations or better tolerances, could help.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where after a few rounds of differential evolution, the best solution is refined with more local optimization steps, but with careful time management to stay within the budget.

Wait, the previous code's initial approach is to generate a few different initial guesses (pulses, sawtooth, triangle) and then use differential evolution. But perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, including different window functions, like rectangular, triangular, or other pulse shapes.

Another thought: Since the integral is over the entire interval, maybe breaking the problem into smaller intervals and optimizing parts of h(x) in a way that balances the overlaps. For example, using a greedy algorithm to adjust h(x) in regions where the overlap is high.

But that's more of a heuristic and might not be efficient. Alternatively, using a mathematical model that enforces certain constraints on the overlap integrals.

Another possibility is to consider the problem as an optimization problem where we minimize the maximum over k of the overlap integral. This is a min-max problem. To handle this, perhaps using a gradient-based method with a modified objective function that approximates the maximum. For example, using a penalty method where we add a term that penalizes the maximum of the overlaps.

But since the maximum is not differentiable, this might complicate things. Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization library that can handle non-smooth objectives, like COBYLA or other methods in scipy.optimize.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP which is good for smooth problems. However, if the function to be minimized is not smooth, this could be an issue. But in this case, the overlap integral is likely smooth with respect to h(x), so maybe it's acceptable.

Another possible improvement is to consider that for a fixed h, the maximum overlap integral is determined by the shift k that gives the highest value. Therefore, during optimization, the function should focus on reducing the largest overlap. But how to model this?

Alternatively, using a batch of shifts and optimizing to minimize the worst-case among them. But this could be computationally expensive unless done efficiently.

Another idea is to use a global optimization method with a more efficient population. For example, using a different mutation strategy or recombination parameters in differential evolution to better explore the search space.

Looking at the previous code, the differential evolution is called with popsize=100, maxiter=50, mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8. Maybe adjusting these parameters to get better convergence. For example, increasing the mutation range to encourage more exploration, or decreasing the population size to save time.

Wait, the time budget is 100 seconds, and the code has a few steps: generating initial guesses, then differential evolution, then local optimization. Each step consumes some of the time. If the code can be made more efficient in exploring the search space, perhaps the optimal solution can be found faster.

Another possible improvement is to try different numbers of sample points. The previous code uses n=45. But maybe using fewer points could be better, as the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. However, the current record is achieved with n=45, so maybe that's the best for the current setup. But the user says that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So perhaps trying with a larger n, like 60 or 80, might allow for a better approximation. However, with n larger, the number of parameters increases, which makes the optimization more complex. But perhaps the code can handle it with a higher n.

Alternatively, trying a medium n, like 60, and see if that leads to better results. However, the initial_h_values might be for n=45, so generating a new initial guess with n=60 would require adjusting the code.

But the problem says that when initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So perhaps the initial code is using n=45, and optimizing it further. So maybe trying to optimize it with a higher n is not possible unless we generate a new initial guess.

Alternatively, trying different starting points. For example, instead of starting with the initial_h_values, generate a new initial guess based on a more optimal structure. For instance, a step function with equal intervals or some other pattern.

Another thought: maybe the optimal solution has a certain number of 1s and 0s arranged in a way that balances the overlaps. For example, in the case of C₅, the Erdős constant, the optimal function might be a specific step function with known properties. However, without prior knowledge, this is speculative.

Alternatively, perhaps using a band-limited function. For example, designing h(x) as a Fourier series with certain coefficients that minimize the overlap. But this is more of a theoretical approach and might be complex to implement.

In summary, the main directions to consider are:

1. Improve the initial guesses by generating more diverse and potentially effective starting points.
2. Adjust the optimization parameters (mutation, recombination, population size) in differential evolution to better explore the search space.
3. Use different local optimization methods or adjust their parameters for better convergence.
4. Try different numbers of sample points to see if a higher n yields a better solution.
5. Combine multiple optimization strategies (e.g., differential evolution followed by SLSQP) with careful time management to stay within the budget.

Now, implementing these ideas into code.

First, the previous code uses initial_h_values, which is for n=45. So, the code starts with that. To improve, perhaps generating a better initial guess. Alternatively, if the initial_h_values is not optimal, maybe creating a new one.

But the user says to use initial_h_values if available. So assuming that initial_h_values is the best starting point, perhaps focusing on refining it.

Another approach: since the previous code uses a combination of different waveforms as initial guesses, perhaps generating even more types of initial functions. For example, combining different waveforms, or adding more parameters like different frequencies or duty cycles.

Alternatively, generating random initial points that satisfy the integral constraint. For example, creating a random step function with a certain number of steps, ensuring that the total integral is 1.

But generating such functions could be done using a method like randomly determining the positions of the steps and their lengths. However, this might take time to implement and could lead to suboptimal starting points.

Another idea is to use a more systematic approach for the initial guesses. For example, using a grid-based approach where the interval is divided into a certain number of sections, and each section is assigned a value. For example, divide [0,2] into m intervals and assign each a value of 0 or 1, such that the total integral is 1. Then, generate different combinations of these intervals to form initial guesses.

For example, with m=5, the integral would be the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h is 1. To get a total integral of 1, the sum of the lengths should be 1. Wait, the total length is 2, so the average value is 0.5, which is correct. So for any number of intervals, the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h is 1 must be 1.

This approach could generate many possible initial guesses by varying the number of intervals and their positions and lengths. However, generating all possible combinations is not feasible, so perhaps using a heuristic to generate a few of them.

Alternatively, using a more structured initial guess, like using a probability distribution for the positions where h(x) is 1. For example, using a uniform distribution or a specific pattern.

But how to implement this in code efficiently?

Alternatively, think of the problem as a binary optimization. Since h(x) is a step function, maybe we can model it as a binary vector indicating where the function is 1. However, the problem allows h(x) to be any value between 0 and 1, so it's a continuous problem. But perhaps some of the initial guesses could be binary step functions.

But given that the problem allows h(x) to be a step function (which is a piecewise constant function), perhaps the optimal solution is a binary step function. However, since the problem allows non-binary values, maybe a non-binary step function could be better.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed n=45. But the problem allows for other n. Perhaps trying with n=60, for example. However, this would require changing the initial guess. But the user says to use the initial_h_values if available, which might be for n=45. So maybe trying to optimize that.

In conclusion, the code can be modified by:

- Expanding the initial guesses with more diverse functions.
- Adjusting the differential evolution parameters for better exploration.
- Using more sophisticated local optimization steps.
- Possibly trying different n values, but given the time constraints, focusing on the current n=45.

So, let's think about modifying the code.

First, in the previous code, the initial guesses include pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves for certain frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe adding more types of functions, like square waves, or different shapes like sine waves with different frequencies, or other pulse shapes.

Alternatively, using a more diverse set of initial functions, such as combining multiple waveforms or using random initial points that satisfy the integral constraint.

Another thing to consider is that the code uses the 'SLSQP' method for local optimization. Maybe using a different method, like 'COBYLA' or 'Nelder-Mead', could be more effective in some cases.

Also, the code has a loop where it applies differential evolution, then SLSQP refinement. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution, or adjusting the mutation parameters.

Additionally, the code could include more initial guesses based on different patterns. For example, generating functions with different frequencies or patterns that might lead to better overlaps.

Another possible improvement is to use a more systematic way to generate initial guesses. For example, generating functions with different numbers of steps (e.g., 5 steps, 10 steps) placed at different positions, ensuring that the integral constraint is met.

But how to generate this in code? For example, for a given number of steps (like 5), generate random intervals where h(x) is 1. For each interval, the length is chosen so that the total length is 1.

But this would require generating such functions, which could be done with code. For example, for a given number of steps, generate random positions and lengths, ensuring that the sum is 1.

Alternatively, using a deterministic pattern, like placing steps at regular intervals but with varying lengths. For example, for a fixed number of steps, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and setting h(x) to 1 for certain parts.

But this might not be optimal. However, generating such patterns could be a way to create more diverse initial guesses.

Including such patterns in the initial guesses could lead to better convergence.

Another idea is to use a hybrid approach combining different optimization methods. For example, using differential evolution for global search, followed by SLSQP for local refinement.

But the previous code already does that. Maybe tuning the parameters for differential evolution. For example, using a smaller population size to save time, or higher mutation rates to explore more.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using the 'Simulated Annealing' approach, but that might be slower.

In terms of code changes:

- Expand the initial_guesses by adding more function types.
- Adjust parameters like mutation, recombination in differential evolution.
- Add more refinement steps with SLSQP.
- Use a better initial guess based on a structured pattern.

But how to implement these in code?

Let me outline some code changes:

1. Generate more initial guesses: for example, adding square waves, sine waves with different frequencies, or other pulse shapes.

2. Adjust the differential evolution parameters: increase maxiter, adjust mutation and recombination ranges, or change the population size.

3. Add more refinement steps, maybe with different methods.

4. Consider using a different initial guess, like a more uniform distribution of 1s and 0s.

But in the previous code, the initial guesses are generated based on frequencies and duty cycles. To expand them, perhaps adding more frequencies or different types of functions.

Another possible change is to use a different method for the initial guesses. For example, instead of generating them with the gen_pulses, gen_saw, and gen_triangle functions, generate random functions that meet the integral constraint.

But how to generate random functions? One approach is to create a binary step function where the positions and lengths are chosen randomly, ensuring that the total integral is 1.

For example, for a given number of steps, say 5, we can randomly select positions and lengths such that the sum of lengths is 1. This could be done with code like:

def generate_random_steps(n_steps):
    # Generate random positions and widths
    positions = np.random.rand(n_steps) * 2
    widths = np.random.rand(n_steps)
    widths /= np.sum(widths)
    widths *= 1.0  # Ensure sum is 1
    # Now create a step function
    # but this might need more careful implementation
    # or perhaps use a different approach.

Wait, that's not accurate. To create a step function with n_steps intervals where the sum of widths is 1, we can generate the start and end points.

Alternatively, for a step function with n_steps, we can randomly select n_steps positions, order them, and assign them to be 1 for certain lengths.

But implementing this might be complex, and I'm not sure how to do it quickly. For the purposes of code changes, perhaps generating a random function with some steps is not feasible without more time.

So, perhaps sticking with the existing functions but adding more variations.

Another idea: use the existing functions but with more parameters. For example, adding more frequencies or duty cycles for the sawtooth and triangle waves.

For example, adding more frequencies in the guesses, like 9, 10, etc. Or varying the duty cycles further.

Alternatively, include some functions that have predefined patterns, such as a square wave with a certain duty cycle, or a function that alternates between high and low values in a rhythmic way.

Another possible change is to use the 'Nelder-Mead' method for the local optimization, which is better for non-smooth problems.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method. If the objective function is smooth, SLSQP is a good choice. However, if there are discontinuities, it might not work well. But in our case, the objective is the maximum of a smooth function, so it's probably smooth enough.

Another thing to consider is the time budget. The previous code has differential evolution steps followed by refinement. Maybe adjusting how many iterations are done for differential evolution and refinement.

In the previous code, after the initial guesses, differential evolution is run with maxiter=50. Perhaps increasing maxiter to 100 or even 200. Or reducing the population size to save time, allowing more iterations.

Another point: the code uses a for loop for guesses and then differential evolution. Perhaps the number of guesses is limited. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different parameters could lead to better results.

In conclusion, the code can be modified as follows:

- Add more initial guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles.
- Use different optimization methods or adjust the parameters of existing ones.
- Increase the number of iterations for differential evolution or refinement.
- Try different n values if possible, but since the initial_h_values is for n=45, maybe stick to that.
- Use more diverse initial functions to explore the search space.

Now, translating these ideas into code changes.

First, in the guessing part, add more functions. For example, include square waves, or other types. Also, increase the number of frequencies and duty cycles.

Then, adjust the differential evolution parameters, like increasing maxiter, changing mutation parameters, and recombination rate.

Also, in the refinement steps, perhaps using more iterations.

The previous code uses:

res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50, mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)

Maybe changing the mutation parameters to (0.8, 1.0) for more exploration.

Also, for each iteration of differential evolution, the code runs a few times and then does refinement.

Another idea is to use a lower population size to save time and allow more iterations.

But with time constraints, it's a balance between exploration and exploitation.

Moreover, in the previous code, after generating initial guesses, it uses differential evolution and then SLSQP refinement. This is a good strategy, but maybe the number of guesses can be increased.

Another possible change is to use the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations during refinement. For example, increasing the maxiter from 200 to 500, but ensuring that the time budget is not exceeded.

Putting this into code, the revised code would have more initial guesses, adjusted differential evolution parameters, and more refinement steps.

So, for the code:

- Add more frequencies in the pulse and wave functions.
- Include more duty cycles.
- Adjust the mutation parameters.
- Increase the number of guesses.

Another change is to use a different initial guess, like a random function that satisfies the integral constraint. For example, generating a random binary step function with a certain number of steps.

But without knowing how to generate such a function quickly, maybe stick with the current approach.

In code, the part that generates guesses is:

guesses = [h]
for freq in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))

This could be modified to generate more frequencies and more duty cycles.

For example, for the pulse functions, adding frequencies up to 10, and for duty cycles, adding more values like 0.1, 0.6, 0.7, etc.

Similarly for saw and triangle waves.

This would increase the number of initial guesses, potentially leading to better results.

Also, adding new types of functions. For example, square waves (which are just pulses with duty cycle 0.5), or other waveforms.

Another thing to consider is that the previous code uses the same number of points (n=45) for all functions. So, the initial guesses are generated with that n, which is correct.

In summary, the code could be modified as follows:

- Extend the list of guesses with more frequencies and duty cycles.
- Adjust the differential evolution parameters for better performance.
- Increase the number of refinement steps or allow more iterations.

Now, implementing these changes into the code.

The final code will include these modifications, and hopefully, it will find a better C₅ value than the previous 0.381142.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    global initial_h_values
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        try:
            res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                   constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                                   options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
            return res.x if res.success else g
        except:
            return g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 1.0), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        try:
            res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                   constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                                   options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10})
            return res.x if res.success else r
        except:
            return r
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```