<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA optimization methods, starting from some initial guess. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than that, like 0.380876. 

First, I should understand the problem better. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is in [0,1], and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. 

The previous approach used random guesses, some generated functions like pulses and sawtooth waves, and then optimization with SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better way. 

Hmm, the current code starts with initial_h_values, which is a 45-point array. Maybe I can try different starting points. Also, the previous code tried multiple guesses and refined them. But perhaps there's a smarter way to structure the search.

What if I use a different optimization approach? The previous code used SLSQP, which is for constrained optimization. Maybe using a global optimizer first to find a better starting point, then local optimization? Or maybe using a different local method.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model it as a convex optimization problem, but the integrals might not be convex. Alternatively, maybe there's a way to approximate the integrals with discrete samples and use a more efficient optimization strategy.

Wait, the previous code uses np.correlate to compute the overlap. The correlation here is for all k, and then taking the maximum. So for a given h, the maximum correlation is computed. The problem is to minimize that maximum value.

An alternative approach could be to use a genetic algorithm, which is good for global optimization, but might be slow. However, given the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps a combination of genetic algorithm and local optimization could work.

But the previous code already uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method. Maybe we can tweak the parameters of differential evolution to get better results. For example, increasing the population size or adjusting the mutation and recombination rates.

Another thing to consider is the initial guess. The previous code generated some predefined functions like pulses and sawtooth waves. Maybe generating more varied initial guesses could help escape local optima. For example, using different frequencies or duty cycles, or combining multiple waveforms.

Also, the code uses a fixed number of points (n_points). The current initial guess is 45 points. Maybe using more points (like 60 or 90) could allow for a more precise shape, but that might take longer to optimize. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization.

Wait, the user's note says that smaller sequences (less than 1k samples) are preferred because they are faster. So maybe keeping n_points around 45 or 60 is better than going higher. The previous code uses 45 points, which is acceptable.

Another thought: the constraints are that the sum of h is n_points / 2. So, the integral is 1. The previous code enforces this through the equality constraint. Maybe using a different relaxation or a different approach for the constraint could help. But in practice, SLSQP with equality constraints seems okay.

What about using more sophisticated optimization methods? For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach to find the best parameters, but that might be more complex to implement.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a variational problem. For instance, considering the overlap integral as a function of h, and trying to find the h that minimizes the maximum of these integrals. But I'm not sure how to approach this analytically.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is computed over all shifts k, maybe there's a way to structure h so that it's periodic or has some symmetry that reduces the overlap. For example, if h is designed to be a periodic function with certain properties.

Wait, the interval is [0,2], so maybe splitting it into regions where h is 0 or 1, or some other step pattern. The previous initial guess is a 45-point array, which might already be structured in some way.

Perhaps using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, instead of generating pulses and sawtooth waves, maybe generate some random structured patterns, or use a greedy approach to place the steps.

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of different shapes. For instance, a combination of pulses with varying duty cycles and frequencies.

Another thing: the current code uses the same delta x for all points, which is 2.0 / n_points. Since the integral is over [0,2], that's correct.

Let me think about the evaluation. The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the correlation for all possible shifts. For each shift k, the integral is approximated by the correlation at that shift, multiplied by dx. The maximum of these is the C₅ value.

So the problem is to find h such that this maximum is minimized.

Perhaps there's a way to model this as a quadratic programming problem, but I'm not sure. Alternatively, using a metaheuristic like simulated annealing, but again, it's unclear.

The previous code uses SLSQP with multiple guesses, then differential evolution, then COBYLA refinement. Maybe tweaking the parameters of these methods could help. For example, increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP or using different tolerances.

Also, the current code uses a fixed set of initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses by varying parameters could lead to better results. For example, adding more pulse and sawtooth functions with different parameters.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, maybe we can model this as a minimax problem and use a method designed for that. However, standard optimization methods may not directly apply.

Alternatively, maybe using a grid search over the parameters of the initial guesses. For example, varying the frequency and duty cycle of the generated pulses and sawtooth waves.

Wait, the previous code generates pulses with frequencies 2 to 8 and duty cycle 0.5, and sawtooth waves with frequency 3 and duty cycles 0.2 to 0.5. Maybe expanding the range of parameters could help. For example, trying different frequencies and duty cycles.

Another idea: instead of using just the initial guess and the generated functions, perhaps use a random starting point for the optimization. The current code uses generate_random_guess, but maybe increasing the number of random guesses could help.

Also, the code uses differential evolution with a population size of 100, which is a bit large for 100 seconds. Maybe reducing the population size or the number of iterations could allow more time for refinement.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation function. The code computes the correlation and then takes the maximum. However, the correlation is computed over all k. For a given h, this is O(n^2) time. Maybe there's a way to approximate this or reduce the number of k's considered, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, the maximum could be concentrated around certain k values. For example, maybe the maximum occurs at k=0.5 or k=1.0. But without knowing, it's hard to optimize.

Another approach: using a coordinate descent method, where each point is adjusted to reduce the maximum overlap. But this could be tricky as changes in one point affect multiple correlations.

Hmm, perhaps the key is to find a better initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might be a starting point, but maybe generating some other initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, using a more optimal initial shape.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided as a global variable. So, perhaps the previous code starts from that, but maybe generating some other initial guesses, like using a more optimal pattern.

Alternatively, the current code might be getting stuck in a local minimum. So using a different starting point could help.

Another idea: instead of using the initial_h_values, maybe generate random initial guesses. For example, using a random permutation of 0s and 1s with the correct sum, but that's not necessarily optimal.

Alternatively, using a step function with a certain shape. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into intervals where h is 0 or 1 in a way that balances the overlaps.

But how to do that algorithmically? For example, if h is 1 on some intervals and 0 on others, then the overlap for a shift k would depend on how these intervals overlap. However, finding the optimal intervals is challenging.

Alternatively, using a probabilistic approach where each point is a probability, and the function is designed to have low variance in the overlap integrals.

But this is getting too vague. Let me think about the code again. The previous code uses several optimization steps: SLSQP with multiple guesses, then differential evolution, then COBYLA refinement. Maybe the code can be modified to use more advanced optimization techniques or better hyperparameters.

For example, using a more efficient local optimization method, or using a better global method. Also, perhaps using a different set of initial guesses.

Let me think about the parameters for differential evolution. The current code uses popsize=100, maxiter=50, mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, and tol=1e-9. Maybe adjusting these parameters could lead to better results. For example, using a larger population size or more iterations.

But given the time budget, increasing these parameters may not be feasible. Maybe reducing the population size and allowing more iterations.

Another thing: the code uses a fixed number of guesses (initial guesses plus some random ones). Maybe generating more initial guesses could lead to a better starting point. For example, adding more pulses and sawtooth waves with different parameters.

So, modifying the code to generate more varied initial guesses. For example, varying the frequency in a wider range, or using different duty cycles for sawtooth waves.

Also, the current code uses the initial_h_values as one of the guesses. Maybe that's a good starting point, but perhaps starting from other initial guesses could help.

Another idea: using a combination of different optimization methods. For example, first using a genetic algorithm to find a good approximate solution, then using SLSQP to refine it.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to search for the best parameters. But implementing that might be complex.

Another approach: considering that the maximum overlap integral is the worst-case shift, perhaps we can model the problem as a minimax optimization where we try to minimize the maximum over k of the integral. This is equivalent to the original problem.

But how to optimize this? It's a non-convex problem, so local minima are a concern.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a fixed n_points (45). Maybe trying a different n_points could yield better results. For example, if the optimal h is smoother or has more structure, a larger n_points might help. However, larger n_points would take longer to optimize, which might not be feasible within the 100-second budget.

But given that the user prefers smaller sequences, maybe sticking to 45 or 60 points is better.

Another possible improvement: instead of using random guesses, generate more structured guesses that are more likely to lead to a good solution. For example, using a periodic function with specific properties.

For example, generating a function that has high values in certain regions and low elsewhere, such that shifting it leads to minimal overlap. This requires some a priori knowledge about the optimal structure.

Alternatively, considering that the Erdős problem is related to the optimal distribution of points to minimize overlaps, maybe using a design based on known optimal configurations. But without prior knowledge, this is challenging.

Perhaps the code can be modified to include more initial guesses. For example, generate multiple pulses with different frequencies and duty cycles, and multiple sawtooth waves with different parameters. Also, trying combinations of these.

Another idea: using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which is derivative-free. But I'm not sure if it would be better than SLSQP.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, first using a global method to find a promising solution, then refining with a local method.

Another possible tweak: adjusting the tolerances in the optimization routines. For example, allowing for a looser tolerance in the initial steps, then tightening it in later steps.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations for each optimization step. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for some steps could help, but again, time is limited.

In terms of code structure, the current approach is to generate several initial guesses, apply SLSQP refinement, then differential evolution, then COBYLA. Perhaps adding more steps or varying the order.

For example, after differential evolution, applying a more advanced local optimization method. Or using a different order of optimizations.

Another thing: the code uses a fixed seed for the initial random guess. However, if the initial seed is not good, the code might not find a better solution. But the initial_h_values is provided, so maybe that's a good starting point.

In summary, to improve the code, possible steps are:

1. Generate more varied initial guesses with different parameters for pulses and sawtooth waves.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods (e.g., differential evolution's population size, mutation, etc.).
3. Use more sophisticated initial guesses that are more likely to lead to good solutions.
4. Experiment with different optimization methods and order of steps.
5. Consider using more advanced methods like Bayesian optimization or genetic algorithms.
6. Possibly increase the number of iterations for the optimization steps within the budget.

Now, translating these ideas into code changes. Let's think about the code structure.

The current code has:

- Generate a list of guesses, including the initial_h_values, pulses with frequencies 2-8, sawtooth waves with frequency 3 and duty cycles 0.2-0.5, and some random guesses.

To improve this, perhaps increasing the frequencies and duty cycles ranges. For example, adding more pulse frequencies, say from 1 to 10, and varying duty cycles from 0.1 to 0.9. Also, trying different sawtooth frequencies.

Additionally, generating more random guesses. The current code has 5 random guesses. Maybe increasing that number.

Also, in the differential evolution step, maybe adjusting the parameters. For example, using a smaller population size but more iterations.

Another thought: since the code uses SLSQP for refinement, perhaps using a different local optimizer like L-BFGS-B could help. But the current code uses COBYLA, which is a derivative-free method.

Another idea: split the optimization process into more stages. For example, first use a global method to find a good solution, then refine it with a local method.

In terms of code, perhaps the current code could be modified to generate more initial guesses, adjust the differential evolution parameters, and perform more refinement steps.

Let me think about the code structure again. The run function starts with the initial_h_values, then generates some guesses. Then, for each guess, it runs SLSQP optimization, then runs differential evolution, and then COBYLA refinement.

Perhaps adding more initial guesses, and in the differential evolution step, using more iterations or a different mutation strategy.

Also, in the initial guesses, the code may have missed some optimal patterns. For example, using functions that are combinations of pulses and sawtooths, or other waveforms.

Another possible idea: using the fact that the maximum overlap integral is over all shifts k. So, perhaps for certain shifts, the integral is more sensitive to the shape of h. For example, shifts that align certain features of h with the 1 - h part.

But without knowing which shifts are critical, it's hard to design h. However, in a heuristic approach, maybe focusing on shifts where the overlap is likely to be large.

Alternatively, the code can be modified to use a different evaluation function that weights the shifts differently, but this is speculative.

Another thing to consider is that the correlation is computed for all k. The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the full cross-correlation. For a function h of length n_points, the cross-correlation with 1 - h would have a length of 2n_points - 1. The maximum value in this array corresponds to the maximum k shift.

But perhaps for some k beyond a certain range, the integral is zero, so the code can ignore those. However, for the problem, it's necessary to check all possible k.

In terms of code implementation, maybe there's a way to precompute the k values that are relevant. However, without knowing the h in advance, it's not possible.

Putting all these thoughts together, modifying the code to:

- Generate more initial guesses with different parameters.
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and other optimization steps.
- Add more refinement steps using different local optimizers.
- Possibly reduce the n_points to keep the computation fast, but the current code uses 45 points.

So, in code:

- In the guesses generation, add more pulse and sawtooth functions with varied parameters.
- Adjust the differential evolution parameters, like reducing popsize and increasing maxiter.
- Use more refinement steps with COBYLA or other methods.

Let's try to code these changes.

First, modifying the guess generation. For example, adding more frequencies and duty cycles.

Original guesses:
- Pulsed functions with frequencies 2,3,4,5,6,7,8 and duty 0.5.
- Sawtooth with frequency 3 and duty 0.2,0.3,0.4,0.5.
- 5 random guesses.

So, perhaps expanding the frequencies for pulses to include 1,2,...,10, and duty cycles from 0.1 to 0.9.

Also, adding sawtooth functions with different frequencies, like 1, 2, 4, etc.

Also, generating more random guesses.

In code:

def generate_pulses(freq, duty):
    ... as before

def gen_saw(freq, duty):
    ... as before

Then, in the guesses:

for freq in range(1, 11):  # frequencies 1 to 10
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in np.linspace(0.1, 0.9, 9):  # duty from 0.1 to 0.9
    for freq in [1, 2, 4, 8]:  # more frequencies
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))

Then, adding more random guesses.

This would generate a larger set of initial guesses, increasing the chances of finding a better starting point.

Next, in differential evolution parameters, setting a smaller popsize but more maxiter. For example:

mutation=(0.5, 0.8), recombination=0.7, etc.

But the code needs to stay within the budget.

Another change: in the refine step, using a different number of iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps.

Additionally, the current code uses SLSQP with maxiter=300. Maybe adjusting that.

Another idea: using a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a certain population size.

However, the code uses scipy.optimize, which supports differential evolution and SLSQP, but not genetic algorithms directly. So, perhaps sticking with the current methods.

Also, the code uses the same bounds for all points, which is correct.

Another possible improvement: in the initial_h_values, maybe it's already a good starting point. So, the code as is could be modified to start with that, but maybe adding more initial guesses could help.

Another thing: the current code uses the initial_h_values as one of the guesses. But if that's a good initial guess, perhaps it's better to use it as the starting point. However, the code already does that.

In terms of code optimization, the main changes would be to generate more initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters.

So, modifying the code accordingly.

Another thing: in the refine step, the current code runs COBYLA for 200 iterations. Maybe increasing that number, but within the time budget.

Now, putting it all together into the code.

But since the code must be concise and fit into the required constraints, I need to make sure that the code is compact and efficient.

So, the plan is:

1. Generate more initial guesses with varied parameters for pulses and sawtooth waves.
2. Adjust the differential evolution parameters to allow more iterations or better parameter settings.
3. Increase the number of refinement steps.
4. Possibly use more random guesses.

Now, translating this into code changes.

In the guesses section, expand the loops.

For example:

for freq in [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9]:
    for freq in [1, 2, 4, 8]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))

Also, generate more random guesses, say 10 instead of 5.

Then, in the differential evolution step, maybe adjust the parameters. For example, using a smaller population size but more maxiter.

Also, in the refine step, adding more iterations.

But the code must still stay within 100 seconds. So, adjusting the parameters to balance between exploration and exploitation.

Another possible change: using the current initial_h_values as the first guess, then generating others.

So, modifying the code accordingly.

Another point: in the current code, the initial_h_values is used as one of the guesses. So, the code starts with that, then adds other guesses.

In the code, after generating the guesses, the code loops over each guess and applies SLSQP. Then, runs differential evolution with the best guess so far, then refines with COBYLA.

Now, the modified code would have more initial guesses and possibly better parameters.

In terms of the evaluation of the code, the key is to find a way to improve the initial guesses and the optimization steps.

Another idea: using a more efficient way to compute the correlation. But the current code uses numpy.correlate, which is efficient.

Another thing: in the current code, the obj function is the maximum of the correlation times dx. However, maybe there's a way to approximate this maximum or find a way to minimize it more efficiently.

But I don't think that's possible without changing the problem formulation.

Another possible direction is to consider that the maximum overlap integral is the worst-case shift. So, perhaps designing h to minimize this maximum by balancing the overlaps for all possible shifts.

This is similar to a band-limited function or a function with specific Fourier properties. However, without deep knowledge, it's hard to proceed.

In summary, the code can be improved by generating more varied initial guesses and adjusting the optimization parameters. Let's proceed with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def generate_random_guess():
        h_weights = np.random.rand(n_points)
        total = np.sum(h_weights)
        h_weights *= (target_sum) / total
        return h_weights
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(1, 11):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in np.linspace(0.1, 0.9, 9):
        for freq in [1, 2, 4, 8]:
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(generate_random_guess())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.4, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```