<think>
Okay, so I need to improve the upper bound for C₅, which is related to the Erdős minimum overlap problem. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get even lower, like 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP optimization, differential evolution, and COBYLA refinement, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better way to approach this problem.

First, let me understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. The discretization uses n_points samples, with dx = 2/n_points. So the sum of h_i must be n_points / 2.

The previous code used an initial guess and then tried various guess generation methods (pulse, sawtooth, random), then ran SLSQP, differential evolution, and refinement steps. The challenge is to find a better approach that can find a lower C₅ value.

Hmm, maybe I can think of alternative strategies. The previous approach might be getting stuck in local optima. Perhaps using a different optimization algorithm or modifying the search space could help. Also, considering the problem structure, maybe there's a way to model it more effectively.

Let me think about the constraints. The integral of h is fixed, so the optimization is subject to that. The objective function is the maximum of several integrals. So it's a maximin problem. To minimize the maximum overlap, which is equivalent to finding the h that makes all these overlaps as small as possible.

Another thought: the overlap integral can be thought of as the intersection between h and the shifted 1 - h. So the problem is to arrange h's steps such that when shifted by any k, the overlap is minimized. This is similar to a covering problem where the function h should avoid overlapping too much with its shifted versions.

Maybe a better starting point would be to use a more structured initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point, but perhaps there are other structured patterns that could be better. For example, maybe using a more evenly spaced pattern, or a combination of different shapes.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm might be more effective for global optimization, but the previous code used differential evolution, which is also a global optimizer. Maybe adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution could help. However, the code already uses differential evolution in some steps.

Wait, the previous code used a combination of SLSQP, DE, and COBYLA. Maybe there's a way to combine these methods more effectively. Also, maybe using more sophisticated initial guesses could lead to better results. For instance, the previous code tried pulse and sawtooth functions with varying frequencies and duties, but perhaps there's a smarter way to generate these initial guesses.

Another idea: since the problem is about overlaps, maybe a function that is as "spread out" as possible would be better. For example, a function that has as much variation as possible over the interval [0,2]. So maybe a function that alternates between high and low values in a periodic way, but with some phase shifts. This could be similar to a pulse or sawtooth but with more complex patterns.

Alternatively, using a piecewise constant function with multiple segments. For example, dividing [0,2] into intervals where h is 0 or 1, but ensuring that the total integral is 1. But that's a bit too simplistic. However, maybe using a more complex structure, like a combination of different segments, could help.

Wait, but the problem allows for h to be a step function, which is piecewise constant, but not necessarily with just 0 and 1. So the step function can have any values between 0 and 1. So perhaps using a more gradual transition between values could allow better overlap avoidance.

Another thought: perhaps using symmetry in the function. For example, if h(x) is periodic with period 1, but I'm not sure. Since the interval is [0,2], maybe a function that's symmetric around 1, or has some other symmetry properties.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is over all k. So for the function to have low maximum overlap, it needs to avoid having large areas where h(x) and 1 - h(x + k) are both large. So maybe h should be designed such that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much with itself.

This is similar to the concept of a "avoidance" function. In signal processing, there's the idea of a function with good cross-correlation properties, but I'm not sure how directly applicable that is here.

Another approach could be to model this as an optimization problem with more advanced techniques. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a large population size and careful mutation/selection processes. However, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm. But maybe tuning the parameters of the DE could help, such as the mutation factor or crossover probability.

Alternatively, perhaps using a Bayesian optimization approach, which could be more efficient in some cases. However, the code might be too slow for that.

Alternatively, maybe using a gradient-based method with better initial guesses. The previous code uses SLSQP, which relies on gradient information. But perhaps the initial guess is not good enough, leading to suboptimal solutions.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can convert this into a constrained optimization problem. For example, we can introduce variables that represent each overlap integral and then minimize the maximum of these variables, subject to the constraints that the integral of h is 1 and h is between 0 and 1.

But solving such a problem directly would be computationally intensive, as the number of variables would be the number of samples, and the number of constraints (for each k) could be very large. However, since we are working with a finite discretization (n_points samples), the number of possible k's is limited by the spacing between samples. For example, for a given n_points, the maximum k for which the correlation is considered would be up to 2 (the length of the interval), which in terms of the samples, maybe up to n_points - 1. But the integral is over the real line, so when we discretize, we can compute the correlation as a convolution and find the maximum value.

But in practice, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives a longer output. For example, for a signal length of n_points, the full mode gives a length of 2n_points - 1. However, the maximum overlap would be the maximum value in that array.

But the problem is that the integrals for different k's are overlapping. So to minimize the maximum among them, perhaps we can use an optimization approach that considers the worst-case scenario.

Another approach could be to use a more efficient optimization algorithm. For example, using a combination of local and global optimization steps. The previous code uses SLSQP, DE, and COBYLA. Maybe trying different algorithms or combining them in a different order could help.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more precise numerical method for evaluating the objective function. For instance, using a more accurate approximation of the integral, but the code already uses the discrete samples. So maybe the main issue is the optimization strategy.

Let me think about the initial_h_values. The previous code starts with that initial guess, and then generates other guesses. Maybe there's a better initial guess that could be used. For example, if the initial_h_values is a certain pattern, perhaps modifying it by introducing more variations or mixing different patterns.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess that is more structured. For example, using a function that is symmetric in a certain way, or alternates between high and low values.

Another thought: since the integral is fixed, the average value of h is 0.5. So, the function h should be on average 0.5. So maybe trying to create a function that has regions where it is high and regions where it is low, but in a way that when shifted, these regions don't overlap.

For example, a function that is high in one half of [0,1] and low in the other half, then repeats. However, the interval is [0,2], so if it's high on [0,1] and low on [1,2], then shifting by 1 would cause the high region to overlap with the low region of the original. So that might not be helpful.

Alternatively, using a function with a more complex pattern, such as multiple segments with different heights, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

But how to generate such a function? Maybe using a periodic function with a certain period that is a divisor of 2. For example, a square wave with period 1, but that might not be optimal.

Wait, the previous code used pulse and sawtooth functions. Maybe combining these into a more complex pattern could help. Or using a function that is a combination of multiple pulses with different phases.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum correlation, perhaps using a function that is "more spread out" in terms of its values. For example, using a function that has high values in non-overlapping regions. However, given that the integral is fixed, perhaps the function can't be too spread out, but maybe arrange it in a way that the high regions are spaced apart.

For instance, if the function has high values in intervals separated by some distance. The key is to make sure that when shifted, the high regions of one don't overlap with the low regions of another.

But how to translate this into a step function? Maybe using a combination of step functions that are spaced appropriately. For example, if the interval [0,2] is divided into segments where h is 1 in some parts and 0 in others, but the length of the segments is chosen so that shifting by a certain amount doesn't cause overlaps.

But designing such a pattern might require a more mathematical approach, perhaps inspired by the Erdős problem's known solutions.

Alternatively, considering that the best known upper bound is achieved with a certain construction, maybe studying that construction could help. However, the current problem requires us to find an improved upper bound.

Another angle: the previous code uses a combination of different guess types (pulse, sawtooth, random). Maybe trying different types of functions, such as Gaussian-like pulses or other shapes, could lead to better results. Or maybe using a more random approach in the initial guesses.

Wait, the code uses gen_random() to create random initial guesses. However, the random generation might not be adequate. Perhaps using a more informed random generation, such as one that ensures the sum is correct and the values are within [0,1], but also has some structure.

Another idea: maybe using a more sophisticated optimization method. For example, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) to explore the solution space. However, the current code uses differential evolution, which might be sufficient. But adjusting the parameters of DE could help.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with more initial guesses. The previous code had multiple guess types and a few random ones. Maybe generating more initial guesses could help escape local optima.

But the problem is time constraints. The code has to run within 100 seconds. So generating too many initial guesses might be too slow.

Another thought: the previous code uses differential evolution with popsize 80 and maxiter 50. Maybe reducing the population size but increasing the number of iterations could be more efficient. Or vice versa.

Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm for the refinement steps. For example, using a gradient-based method with a different set of constraints.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP and COBYLA for refinement. Maybe trying other methods, like trust-constrained methods, or using a combination of different optimization strategies.

Another thing to consider is the discretization size. The current code uses n_points = 45 (based on the initial_h_values). However, perhaps using a higher n_points could lead to better accuracy. But with the time constraint, it's important to balance between the number of points and the computational time.

The previous code's initial_h_values has n_points = 45. But the problem allows for smaller sequences, as said in the rules. Maybe using a smaller n_points could be faster, but might not converge as well. Alternatively, using a larger n_points could give a better approximation but may take longer.

But the code needs to be efficient. So the current approach uses n_points=45. Maybe trying to use a different number of points. However, the code might be constrained by the initial_h_values, which is given as an input.

Another idea: using a different way to compute the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate, which might be computationally intensive. However, for a fixed n_points, it's manageable. Alternatively, precomputing all the possible shifts and their corresponding integrals might be more efficient.

But the code's current approach seems correct.

Another possible improvement: the objective function is the maximum of the integrals. However, perhaps the maximum is not always achieved at the worst k, but for the function optimized, it's possible that certain shifts are more critical. Maybe focusing the optimization on those shifts could help. However, it's unclear how to do this.

Another approach: considering that the problem is similar to finding a function that is "as non-repeating as possible" when shifted. So, maybe using a function with a certain level of randomness or complexity.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral is a convolution, perhaps using Fourier analysis. The integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx can be transformed using Fourier methods. But I'm not sure how to apply that directly.

Alternatively, thinking of the problem as a min-max optimization, where the goal is to make all the overlaps as small as possible. This is similar to a game where an adversary chooses the shift k, and we want to minimize the worst-case overlap.

But I'm not sure how to translate that into an algorithm.

Another idea: using a more intelligent initialization. The initial_h_values provided is a good starting point, but maybe modifying it by introducing some randomness or variations.

In the previous code, the initial guess is taken as initial_h_values. Then, other guesses are generated as pulse, sawtooth, and random. Maybe generating more varied initial guesses could help. For example, combining different patterns or introducing more randomness.

Also, for the optimization steps, maybe using a more efficient method for the initial steps. For instance, using a more aggressive optimization strategy early on, then refining.

Another thought: perhaps using a hybrid approach where different parts of the solution are optimized in sequence. For example, first optimizing the high points, then the low points, or some other order.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective optimization approach, where the objective is to minimize the maximum overlap, but also to spread out the high and low regions.

But again, without knowing the exact form of the optimal function, it's hard to say.

Considering all this, maybe the best approach is to try a different initial guess and adjust the optimization parameters. For example, using a different initial guess that is more structured, and using more aggressive optimization steps.

Alternatively, using a different starting point, like a function that is a combination of pulses with varying frequencies and phases.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code uses several guess generators. Perhaps generating more guesses of different types would help. For example, adding more pulse and sawtooth functions with varying parameters.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of multiple periodic functions, each with different speeds or offsets.

Another idea: using a function that is a square wave, but with a duty cycle that's not 50%, maybe 30% or 70%. This might help in minimizing overlaps when shifted.

Wait, the previous code tried pulse and sawtooth functions with various frequencies and duties. Maybe trying more combinations of these.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of multiple sawtooth waves at different frequencies, creating a more complex waveform that can better avoid overlaps.

But generating such functions algorithmically could be challenging. However, using numpy's functions to create these patterns could be straightforward.

Another thing to note: the time budget is 100 seconds. The previous code uses a few iterations of differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe it's possible to use more iterations, but that would take more time. Alternatively, adjusting the parameters to make the optimization faster.

For example, in the differential evolution step, the code uses popsize 80 and maxiter 50. Reducing the popsize but increasing maxiter might be more efficient. Or using a smaller popsize and more iterations.

But how to balance this without exceeding the time budget?

Another possible optimization: using the initial guess and then running SLSQP with a high number of iterations to refine it. However, the previous code already does some refinement steps.

Perhaps trying a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a suitable mutation rate.

But given that the code has to be self-contained and use Scipy, maybe leveraging existing optimization functions.

Alternatively, using a more precise constraint handling. For example, ensuring that the sum of h is exactly n_points / 2. The previous code's constraints use an equality constraint. Maybe using a more precise method to maintain that constraint.

Another possible improvement: adjusting the objective function to penalize large overlaps more. However, since the objective is the maximum overlap, it's already the worst-case scenario.

Another idea: using a better parameterization of the function. For example, instead of directly optimizing the h values, using a parameterization that enforces certain properties, like the function being piecewise constant with a certain number of segments. However, this could complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, since the function is a step function, perhaps using a model that is defined by the locations where the steps change and the values of the steps. However, this would require more complex optimization.

But given the time constraints, it's probably better to work with the existing approach and try to improve it.

Perhaps the key issue is that the previous code uses a fixed initial guess and then a few other guesses. To avoid getting stuck in local optima, generating more diverse initial guesses would help. For example, generating multiple pulse functions with different frequencies and duty cycles, as well as different sawtooth functions.

But how can I generate these in code? The previous code already has some, but maybe increasing the number of generated guesses could help. However, that might take more time.

Alternatively, trying to use a different initial guess, such as a function that is higher in some regions and lower in others, but arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

Another thought: since the overlap is maximized over all k, maybe the worst case is when k is small. So focusing the optimization on small shifts could help. However, this is just a guess.

Alternatively, considering that the function h must have an area of 1 over [0,2], which is equivalent to a mean of 0.5. So, perhaps trying to make the function as uniform as possible, but that's not helpful for minimizing overlaps.

In summary, the steps I could take:

1. Improve the initial guess by generating more diverse initial functions.
2. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for more thorough exploration.
3. Use different optimization algorithms in different stages.
4. Explore different types of initial guesses (e.g., more pulses, more random, etc.)

Let me try to implement these ideas.

First, modifying the initial guesses. The previous code generates a few pulse and sawtooth functions. Maybe expand that to more variations. For example, using different frequencies, varying the duty cycle, and using different shapes.

Second, adjusting the differential evolution parameters. For example, using a larger population size or more iterations, but within the time budget.

Third, using more refinement steps. For example, adding more rounds of refinement with different algorithms.

Another idea: using a combination of different optimization methods in sequence. For example, first using differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then refining with SLSQP.

Also, considering that the current code uses a fixed n_points (as given by initial_h_values), but perhaps a larger n_points could yield a better result. However, increasing n_points would decrease dx, but requires more computation. Given that the previous code uses 45 points, perhaps trying a slightly higher n_points could help, but it's not clear.

But the rules say that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So keeping n_points around 45-50 is acceptable.

So, modifying the code to:

- Generate more varied initial guesses.
- Use differentiated optimization steps.
- Refine multiple times with different algorithms.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed maxiter of 250. Maybe increasing that could help, but it might take more time.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization algorithm.

Let me think about possible code changes.

The previous code starts with initial_h_values, then generates other guesses. Maybe adding more guesses of different types, like more pulses and sawtooths with varying parameters.

Also, in the previous code, when generating guesses, the frequencies are in [2, 3, ..., 8]. Maybe increasing the range of frequencies could lead to better patterns.

Another thought: the use of the 'gen_pulse' and 'gen_saw' functions could be adjusted. For example, using higher frequencies, or varying the duration of the pulses.

Also, the random generation could be adjusted to generate more diverse patterns. For example, using a random permutation of the values to create a more spread-out distribution.

But I need to ensure that the sum is correct. So the random generation function must generate values that sum to n_points / 2.

The previous code uses a random array, then clips and centers it. That might not be the best approach. Maybe a better way is to generate a random array, then normalize it so that the sum is correct. However, that could be done by sampling from a distribution that has the correct mean.

Alternatively, generating a random array where the values are in [0,1], and then scaling them to meet the sum constraint. For example, using the initial steps and then adjusting the sum.

But for the code, the existing gen_random function uses:

r = np.random.rand(n_points)
return np.clip((r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * 0.5 + 0.5, 0, 1)

This seems to center the values around 0.5, then scales them. However, the sum of the values would be around n_points * 0.5, which is the required value. But the clipping could affect this. Maybe adjusting this function to ensure the sum is correct.

But for the code, the main thing is that the sum is exactly n_points / 2, which is ensured by the constraints in the optimization.

So, perhaps modifying the initial guess generations to include more diverse patterns.

Another idea: using a function that is a combination of multiple pulses at different positions. For example, creating a function that has multiple high regions spaced apart.

But how to generate this algorithmically?

Another approach is to use a random initialization but with some structure. For example, randomly placing high regions with a certain length, ensuring that they don't overlap when shifted.

But again, this is quite abstract.

Perhaps the most straightforward improvement is to generate more varied initial guesses. For example, increasing the number of pulse and sawtooth functions generated.

In the previous code, for frequencies 2 to 8, both pulse and sawtooth functions are generated. So that's 7*2 = 14 guesses. Then, adding three random guesses. So total guesses are 1 + 14 + 3 = 18.

Maybe increasing the number of generated pulse and sawtooth functions. For example, using frequencies up to 10, or using more duty cycles.

For example, for frequencies in [2, 3, ..., 10], and varying duties like 0.3, 0.5, 0.7.

This would increase the number of guesses, leading to more diverse initial points.

Additionally, generating more random guesses could help.

Another change: perhaps using a different optimization method for the initial steps. Instead of SLSQP, use a more global method.

But given time constraints, it's important to keep the code efficient.

So, modifying the code:

- Generate more pulse and sawtooth functions with varying parameters.
- Use additional random guesses.
- Increase the number of iterations in the differential evolution step.
- Use more refinement steps with different algorithms.

Also, in the code, the initial guess is taken as initial_h_values, then other guesses are generated. Maybe the initial_h_values is a good starting point, but perhaps modifying it by adding some randomness.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses the 'COBYLA' method for refinement. Maybe using a different method, like 'SLSQP' with more iterations, could help.

Another possible optimization: using the current initial guess and then performing a more thorough optimization around it.

In terms of code changes:

1. Modify the guess generation to create more varied initial points.
2. Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and other optimization steps.
3. Increase the number of refinement steps.
4. Use different optimization algorithms in different steps.

Implementing these changes would require modifying the 'guesses' list and the optimization parameters.

For example, increasing the number of generated pulse and sawtooth functions, and varying their frequencies and duties. Also, adding more random guesses.

Another thing: the code uses the 'gen_pulse' and 'gen_saw' functions which are defined in the previous code. These functions generate pulses and sawtooth waves with given frequencies and duty cycles. Perhaps varying the duty cycle and frequency more could generate better initial guesses.

Let me think about how to implement this.

In the previous code's guess generation, for frequencies in [2, 3, ..., 8], both pulse and saw functions are generated. To increase diversity, perhaps expanding the frequency range to higher values (e.g., up to 12) and varying the duty cycles more (e.g., 0.3, 0.5, 0.7).

Also, for the random guesses, generating more of them could help. Instead of 3 random guesses, generate 5 or 6.

So modifying the 'guesses' generation part to:

for freq in [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12]:
    guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.3))
    guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.7))
for freq in [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.7))

This would create more variations, leading to more diverse initial guesses.

This would increase the number of guesses significantly, but perhaps the code can handle it within the time budget.

Another change: in the differential evolution step, increasing the number of iterations or the population size. For example, using maxiter=100 and popsize=100.

But this could take more time. Need to balance.

Another idea: using a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using a global optimizer like differential evolution first, then a local optimizer like SLSQP.

The previous code ran SLSQP on each guess. Maybein the differential evolution step, using a higher number of iterations and then refining with SLSQP.

Another possible improvement: ensuring that the code does not get stuck in local optima by using multiple different starting points.

Another code change: in the refinement step, using more iterations of the COBYLA method.

So, these are the possible changes. Now I need to implement these in the code, considering the time constraints.

Putting it all together, the code would have more varied initial guesses, adjusted optimization parameters, and multiple refinement steps.

Additionally, using the initial_h_values as a starting point and then generating more guesses could lead to better results.

Now, translating these ideas into code.

The main changes would be in the 'guesses' list generation and the optimization steps.

Another thing: the initial_h_values is passed as an input, and we should reference it directly. The code already does that.

Now, the code:

- Uses the initial_h_values as the first guess.
- Generates more pulse and sawtooth functions with varied frequencies and duties.
- Uses multiple random guesses.
- Runs SLSQP on each guess.
- Runs differential evolution with adjusted parameters.
- Refines with COBYLA multiple times.

So, with these changes, the code should have a better chance of finding a better C₅ value.

Another possible optimization is to reduce the number of iterations in the refinement steps, but that's a trade-off.

In conclusion, the code should be modified to generate more diverse initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters, and perform multiple refinement steps with different algorithms.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_random():
        r = np.random.rand(n_points)
        return np.clip((r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * 0.5 + 0.5, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12]:
        for duty in [0.3, 0.5, 0.7]:
            guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, duty))
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=80, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.99), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-8)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```