<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The user provided a previous program that uses SLSQP and differential evolution, but it's not achieving the target. My task is to come up with a better approach.

First, I need to understand what the problem is about. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted. The overlap integral is calculated as the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx for each shift k, and we take the maximum of these over all k. The constraints are that h integrates to 1 over [0,2], and it's a step function with values in [0,1].

The previous code uses an initial guess and then applies SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. But maybe there are better optimization strategies or different starting points. The user wants to start from the initial_h_values, which gives a starting point, but perhaps trying different initializations could help avoid local optima.

One idea is to use a different optimization algorithm. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe adding a genetic algorithm could explore the search space more effectively. Alternatively, using a combination of methods: maybe first perform a global search with differential evolution to find a good starting point, then apply local optimization with SLSQP.

Another approach could be to model the problem as a constrained optimization problem and use more advanced solvers, but the user has a limited time budget. Also, the code has to be efficient given the 100-second limit.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a binary or step function that minimizes the maximum overlap when shifted. The current approach uses continuous variables but maybe using a binary or ternary representation could help. However, the problem allows step functions (discrete values), but the code uses sampled points, so maybe the step function is represented as a vector h with n_points samples.

But the previous code already uses SLSQP with bounds, which handles the constraints. The challenge is to find a better initial guess and a more effective optimization strategy.

Wait, the user mentioned that they want to try different starting points. So instead of just using the initial_h_values, perhaps generate multiple initial configurations and see which ones perform better. For example, maybe periodic functions, or functions that are more balanced in their distribution.

Another idea: the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum over shifts, which can be thought of as a convolution. Maybe using Fourier analysis could help? Since the overlap integral is a convolution of h and (1 - h). However, I'm not sure how to apply that directly here, given the constraints.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with a better initialization. The previous code uses a few generated guesses (pulses, sawtooth, triangle functions) as initial guesses. Maybe adding more types of functions or varying parameters could yield better initial points.

Also, the previous code uses multiple iterations of differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or improving the parameters could help. For example, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters in differential evolution to find better candidates.

Another possible optimization: the objective function is the maximum value of the cross-correlation. Perhaps using a more efficient way to compute this maximum, or approximating it with a surrogate function to make the optimization faster.

But given the time constraints, the code must be efficient. The previous code uses np.correlate which is fast, but maybe there's a way to vectorize the computation better.

Another thought: the problem is constrained by the integral of h being 1. The previous code uses the constraint in the SLSQP optimization. Maybe adding more constraints or using a penalty method could help, but the existing code already uses the equality constraint.

What about the structure of the function h? The current initial_h_values might have a certain structure. Maybe trying to design h with more symmetry or regular patterns could help. For example, using a piecewise constant function with equal-length intervals, but alternating between 0 and 1 to balance the overlaps.

Wait, in the Erdős problem, the goal is related to the minimum maximum overlap. The optimal h for C_5 is supposed to be a certain periodic function. Maybe generating functions with specific frequencies could be better. For instance, using a function that has a certain periodicity to distribute the mass uniformly, but allowing for overlapping in a controlled way.

In the previous code, functions like pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves are generated with different frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe trying more complex patterns, like combining multiple pulses or using a more sophisticated waveform.

Another approach: using a genetic algorithm to evolve the h vector. The differential evolution in the previous code is a form of evolutionary algorithm. Perhaps increasing the population size or the number of generations could help, but again, time is limited.

But the user's code already uses differential evolution with a popsize of 100 and maxiter=50. Maybe increasing the maxiter or adjusting the mutation parameters could improve the result. Alternatively, using a more aggressive mutation range.

Alternatively, instead of using a fixed initial guess, perhaps generating multiple diverse initial guesses and optimizing each one, then selecting the best among them. The previous code does this by generating several guesses based on different waveforms.

Another idea: the problem is non-convex, so getting stuck in local minima is possible. Using multi-start methods with various initial points could help. The previous code uses several different initial guesses, which is a good approach.

Wait, the initial_h_values could be a starting point, but maybe generating other starting points based on that. For example, perturbing the initial values or applying transformations like shifting or scaling.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient optimization algorithm. For example, using the BFGS method with constraints, but it requires the objective function to be smooth. However, since the objective is the maximum of the cross-correlation, which is non-smooth, BFGS may not be suitable.

Alternatively, using a derivative-free optimizer like Nelder-Mead, but again, it's not clear if that would help.

Another thought: the code uses SLSQP with a tolerance of 1e-11, which is very tight. Perhaps relaxing the tolerance slightly could allow the optimizer to run faster and find a better solution. Or increasing the number of iterations allowed.

But the code already has multiple iterations with SLSQP. Maybe the refinement steps could be more extensive.

Also, the code refrains from using the initial_h_values in the initial guesses, but the user says that if available, use it directly. The initial_h_values are provided as a starting point, so the code should use that as the first guess.

Another possible optimization: since the overlap integral is maximized over all shifts k, perhaps the maximum occurs at specific shifts. For example, shifts that are multiples of certain intervals. By focusing the optimization on those shifts, maybe the problem can be simplified.

But how to determine which shifts are critical? It might not be straightforward.

Another angle: the problem is similar to the "covering" problem, where you want to ensure that the function h doesn't overlap too much with its shifted versions. The optimal solution would have h designed to be as spread out as possible in the interval [0,2], minimizing the maximum overlap when shifted.

So, perhaps a better approach is to generate h with a more uniform distribution of mass. For example, using a function that is 1 over certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, with the intervals arranged to minimize overlap. But with the integral being 1, the length of the intervals would need to be carefully chosen.

For instance, if h is 1 over intervals of length L, then the total length would be N * L = 1 (since the integral is 1 over [0,2], which has length 2). Wait, no, the integral over [0,2] is 1, so the average value is 0.5. So, if h is 1 over intervals of total length 1, and 0 otherwise.

But arranging those intervals to minimize overlap when shifted. This seems similar to the problem of spreading out points to avoid overlap, which is similar to sphere packing or something else. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, using a set of intervals spaced apart from each other, so that when shifted, they don't overlap too much. For example, placing the intervals in a way that each interval is separated by a certain distance, so that shifting by that distance results in minimal overlap.

But how to translate this into a step function that can be optimized? Maybe the previous approach of generating initial guesses based on waveforms is a way to model that.

Another idea: the current algorithm may not be efficiently exploring the search space. For example, the differential evolution might not be sufficiently diverse. Maybe using a different optimization strategy, like simulated annealing, could help, but that might be too slow.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: first use differential evolution to find a good candidate, then apply SLSQP with a tighter tolerance to refine it.

The previous code does a few refinement steps after the differential evolution. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or the number of iterations in SLSQP could help.

Another thing to consider: the initial solution's C5 is 0.381142. The target is 0.380876, which is very close. So the improvement needs to be minor, but how?

Perhaps the previous code can be modified to use a different initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values might not be optimal, but there are other starting configurations that could lead to a better result.

Wait, the user mentioned that the previous program achieved C5 bound of 0.381142, and the current record is 0.38085. So, the user wants to get even lower.

Maybe trying to use more complex initial guesses. For example, combining different waveforms or using a binary pattern with certain properties.

Another thought: the code uses a fixed number of samples, n_points. The previous code uses n_points = 45. Maybe trying with more samples could allow for a more precise function, but the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. However, if the previous code's n_points is 45, maybe increasing it could lead to a better solution. However, the problem states that smaller sequences (less than 1k samples) are preferred for speed.

Alternatively, trying with different n_points. For example, using 60 or 80 samples might provide a better approximation. But the code as written uses 45 samples. However, the initial_h_values is given, and the user's function returns n_points as part of the output. So perhaps trying with different n_points could be beneficial. But the problem states that the user's code should use the given initial_h_values, which is presumably 45 samples.

Hmm, but if the user's code is allowed to use different numbers of samples, perhaps trying with more points could help. However, given the time constraint, it might not be feasible.

Another possible approach: since the overlap integral is maximized over all k, maybe focus on specific shifts. For example, the shift k that is the most critical. If the function h is such that it's balanced for those shifts, then the maximum could be minimized.

But how to determine which shifts are critical? That might require evaluating the overlap for various k, which is what the code does.

An alternative idea is to use a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral. For example, precomputing all possible shifts and using a faster method, but the code already uses np.correlate which is efficient.

Wait, the current code computes the cross-correlation using np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the full convolution. The maximum of these values is the C5 value. That is correct.

Another thing: the code uses the 'full' mode, which might include shifts beyond the domain. But according to the problem statement, the integral is over [0, 2], and the shift k can be any real number? Or perhaps k is an integer? Wait, the problem says to compute the maximum over k, but the exact definition of k isn't specified. However, in the discretization, the samples are over [0, 2], so the shifts would correspond to the possible positions between the samples.

But in the code, the evaluation is done using np.correlate, which computes the correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum of these values (scaled by dx) is the C5 value. So the code is correct in that.

So, to improve the code, perhaps the following steps:

1. Use more diverse initial guesses, including different waveforms or patterns.
2. Improve the optimization methods by adjusting parameters (like popsize, maxiter, mutation range).
3. Use multiple starting points and select the best result.
4. Incorporate more sophisticated optimization techniques, such as combining genetic algorithms with local optimization.
5. Try different numbers of samples (n_points) if allowed.

But given the time constraints, the code must be efficient. The previous code uses differential evolution with popsize 100 and maxiter 50. Maybe increasing the maximum iterations or the population size could help, but it might take more time.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimizer like the COBYLA method with constraints. However, SLSQP is already being used.

Another idea: precompute the overlap integrals for various shifts and find the maximum. The code does this, but perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the maximum. For example, if the maximum occurs at a certain range of shifts, focusing the optimization on that range.

But without knowing where the maximum occurs, it's challenging to do so.

Another possible improvement: parallelizing the optimization process. However, with only one CPU available, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where differential evolution is used for global search, and then SLSQP for local refinement.

In the previous code, after the initial guesses, the user runs differential evolution for a few iterations and then refines with SLSQP. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or changing the parameters could improve this.

Wait, the code's initial approach is to generate guesses based on waveforms and then optimize each. Then, it runs differential evolution for 2 iterations, then refines with SLSQP.

Another thought: the code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess. Maybe that's not the best approach. The initial_h_values could be part of the guesses, but perhaps generating more diverse starting points would be better.

For example, generating multiple versions of the initial_h_values with small perturbations or using different transformations would help.

Alternatively, using a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, instead of using pulses, sawtooth, and triangle, maybe generating functions that are more tailored to the Erdős problem.

But without knowing the exact properties needed, it's hard to say. However, previous research on the problem might suggest that certain functions are better. For instance, functions that are periodic or have specific symmetries.

Another idea: the overlap integral can be thought of as a convolution. The maximum value of the convolution of h and (1 - h) would be the C5 value. To minimize this maximum, h should be designed such that the convolution is as low as possible. This is similar to designing a filter with certain properties, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, using Fourier analysis: the Fourier transform of h and 1 - h could be used to analyze the convolution. However, the maximum value might not be easily derived from this.

But this approach might be too abstract and not directly helpful for optimization.

Back to the code: perhaps the current approach is not exploring the search space effectively. For example, the differential evolution uses a mutation range of (0.5, 0.95). Maybe adjusting these parameters could lead to better exploration.

Also, the code has a 'refine' step that applies SLSQP multiple times. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps could lead to better convergence.

Another possible optimization: using the initial_h_values as the first guess and then generating other guesses by applying transformations, such as flipping some values or sliding the function.

In conclusion, the main ideas are:

- Improve the initial guesses by generating more diverse and relevant patterns.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms to better explore the search space.
- Increase the number of iterations or refinement steps for local optimization.
- Use a combination of global and local optimization methods to find better solutions.

Now, translating these ideas into code modifications.

The previous code uses several generated waveforms as initial guesses. Maybe adding more types of functions or varying parameters could help. For example, using a combination of multiple pulses or varying duty cycles.

Another idea: instead of generating guesses based on fixed frequencies and duty cycles, generate them with random parameters to explore a wider range of possibilities.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated method for generating initial guesses. For example, using a random permutation of the samples to distribute the 1s and 0s more evenly.

But how to generate such initial guesses algorithmically? For example, one could create a function that spreads out the 1s as much as possible. However, for the step function, it's challenging to do so with just a few samples.

Alternatively, using a binary mask that alternates between 1 and 0 as much as possible. For example, for n_points, if the integral is 1, then approximately half of the samples are 1, and the rest are 0. So arranging them alternately could help.

But with the current setup, the code's initial_h_values is already a starting point. Maybe using it as the first guess and then generating other guesses by modifying it slightly.

Another possible change is to use a different optimization algorithm. For example, using the COBYLA method with constraints, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method with a better initial guess and more iterations.

In the code, the initial value is the initial_h_values, which is a starting point. Then, several generated guesses are added. Maybe generating more guesses by varying the parameters of the waveform functions.

For example, in the previous code, for the pulses, frequencies are 3,4,5,6,7,8, and duties are 0.5. Maybe extending the range of frequencies or varying duty cycles more could generate better initial guesses.

Also, the code uses a fixed window for the differential evolution, but perhaps adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters could help.

Another idea: in the code, after generating initial guesses, it runs differential evolution for 2 iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or changing the parameters.

In the code, the differential evolution uses mutation=(0.5, 0.95). Maybe a broader mutation range could lead to better exploration.

Putting this all together, the code can be modified as follows:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, possibly by varying frequencies and duty cycles more widely.
2. Adjust the mutation and recombination parameters in differential evolution.
3. Increase the number of iterations in differential evolution and refinement steps.
4. Use a more effective local optimization strategy.

However, given the time budget, some parameters may need to be adjusted for efficiency.

So, modifying the code to:

- Generate more guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles.
- Adjust the mutation parameters to allow more exploration.
- Increase the number of iterations in differential evolution.
- Refine the solution with more SLSQP steps.

Now, translating this into code.

The code currently has guesses generated with certain frequencies and duty cycles. To generate more guesses, perhaps:

Add more frequency values, like 2, 9, etc., and more duty cycles like 0.1, 0.6, etc.

Also, for the sawtooth and triangle functions, maybe vary the frequency and duty cycles further.

Another change: use a larger population size in differential evolution, but it's already set to 100.

Alternatively, increase the maxiter from 50 to 100.

But time is limited, so need to balance.

Another possible change: in the refinement steps, allow more iterations of SLSQP. The code currently does 4 refinements, but maybe increasing that.

Also, during the initial guess generation, include more waveforms or different patterns.

In the previous code's guesses, they have:

- Pulses with frequencies 3-8, duty 0.5
- Saw with frequency 3, duties 0.2-0.5
- Triangle with frequency 3, duties 0.2-0.5

Maybe adding other waveforms like square waves or other periodic functions.

Alternatively, generate random initial guesses. For example, generate a random vector where sum is n_points / 2, and then optimize from there.

But generating random initial guesses might not be efficient.

Alternatively, use Latin hypercube sampling to generate initial points.

But all of this would require more code and more processing time.

However, given the time budget, perhaps the best way is to optimize the existing guesses and parameters.

So, modifying the code as follows:

- Add more frequencies for the pulse and sawtooth functions.
- Change the mutation parameters to (0.8, 1.0) for broader exploration.
- Increase the number of iterations for differential evolution.
- Increase the refinement steps.

Another possible improvement is to use different initial guesses based on different waveforms, such as square waves, and more.

Now, updating the code accordingly.

Let me draft the code:

Probably, the code will generate more guesses, adjust the mutation parameters, and increase the refinement steps. Let me try to code these changes.

Here's a possible approach:

Modify the guesses to include more frequencies and duty cycles. For example:

For pulses, frequencies from 2 to 10, duty 0.5.

For sawtooth, frequencies from 2 to 10, duties from 0.1 to 0.9 in steps of 0.2.

For triangle waves, similar.

Also, add more exotic waveforms, but for brevity, might not do that.

In code:

for freq in range(2, 11):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))

for freq in range(2, 11):
    for duty in [0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))

Similarly for triangle.

Also, adjust the mutation parameters in differential evolution to (0.8, 1.0), which could allow more exploration.

Also, increase maxiter to 100.

In the code, the differential evolution is currently:

res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50, mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)

Change mutation to (0.8, 1.0), and maxiter to 100.

This would allow more exploration.

Also, increasing the number of refinement steps from 4 to 5 or 6.

Another possible change is to increase the number of initial guesses by adding more waveforms.

These changes should allow the code to explore a better solution.

Another idea: during the initial guess generation, use the initial_h_values as one of the guesses. The previous code includes initial_h_values as the first guess, which is correct.

But to make sure, the code starts with the initial_h_values, then appends other guesses.

Now, putting all these ideas into code.

In summary, the modified code would:

- Generate more initial guesses with more frequencies and duty cycles.
- Adjust the differential evolution parameters for broader exploration.
- Perform more refinement steps with SLSQP.

Therefore, the final code would include these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 11):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for freq in range(2, 11):
        for duty in [0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8]:
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
    for freq in range(2, 11):
        for duty in [0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8]:
            guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=100, mutation=(0.8, 1.0), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(6):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```