<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for C₅, which is the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant. The previous code uses SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA optimizations starting from a given initial guess. The goal is to find a better solution with a lower C₅ value.

First, I should analyze what the previous approach did. It started with initial_h_values (for n=45 points), generated several guess functions like pulses and sawtooth waves, and then used optimization techniques. However, the current best record is 0.38085, and the previous code achieved 0.381142. So I need to find a way to get closer to that 0.38085 target.

Hmm, maybe the problem is that the previous approach is limited to certain starting points and optimization methods. Perhaps I can use different initial configurations or more efficient optimization strategies. Also, considering the constraints of the problem, there's a trade-off between the number of points and the time allowed. The problem mentions that smaller sequences (less than 1k samples) are preferred, so maybe increasing the number of points could help, but it would take more time. However, the budget is only 100 seconds, so I need a balance.

Wait, the user mentioned that the previous code used n_points = 45. Maybe trying with a larger number of points could lead to a better solution? But that would require more computation. However, since the code has a time budget, perhaps using more points would be too slow. Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method.

Another thought: the previous code uses multiple optimization methods. Maybe using a more sophisticated optimization technique or adjusting the parameters could help. For example, using a global optimization method with better parameters, or combining different strategies. Also, the previous code tried several initial guesses, which is good, but maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could lead to better results.

Alternatively, maybe considering the structure of the problem. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). So to minimize this maximum, the function h(x) should be designed such that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized. This seems like a problem that could be approached with some periodic or structured patterns.

Another idea: using binary sequences (values 0 or 1) might be more efficient, but the problem allows h(x) to take any value between 0 and 1. However, sometimes the optimal solutions for such problems are achieved with piecewise constant functions. So maybe combining some periodic structures with adjustments.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given. Maybe I can start from that and then apply some refinement steps. But the previous code already starts from it. Maybe the problem is that the optimization is getting stuck in a local minimum. Perhaps using population-based methods like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing could help explore the search space more thoroughly.

But the code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method. However, maybe adjusting parameters like population size, mutation rates, or recombination strategies could improve the results.

Also, the current code uses COBYLA for refinement. Maybe trying other local optimization methods or adjusting their parameters could lead to better convergence.

Another angle: the function to minimize is the maximum of several correlation values. So the problem is a minimax optimization. Perhaps there's a way to model this with more efficient constraints or to use a different formulation.

Alternatively, maybe using a different discretization strategy. For example, instead of uniform samples, using a non-uniform grid could help, but that might complicate the implementation.

Wait, the problem allows for any step function h with samples over [0,2]. The previous code uses n_points=45. Maybe trying a different number of points? For example, using n_points=60 or 80. However, the time budget is tight. Let's think: the previous code uses differential evolution with popsize 100, which is computationally heavy. Maybe reducing the population size or number of iterations could save time.

Alternatively, using parallel processing? But the code is limited to one CPU. So no.

Another approach: instead of using the same starting point, generate multiple initial guesses based on different patterns. For example, using different pulse trains, varying frequencies, or combining different waveforms.

Also, the previous code generates guesses with pulses and sawtooth waves. Maybe adding more types of initial guesses, like triangular waves, or more complex patterns, could help escape local optima.

Furthermore, the constraints must satisfy the integral of h(x) over [0,2] being 1. The previous code uses a sum constraint. That's correct, as the integral is sum(h) * dx = 1, so sum(h) = n_points / 2.

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses or using more diverse ones could lead to better results. For example, using random initializations with different structures.

Additionally, the optimization methods used might be too slow. For instance, SLSQP and COBYLA are local optimizers. Maybe using a more efficient local optimizer, or combining different methods in a smarter way.

Wait, the previous code does a differential evolution with a high population size (100), which could be time-consuming. Perhaps reducing the population size and increasing the number of iterations? Or using a different method for the initial global search.

Another idea: instead of using the same n_points, perhaps using a different number of points. The previous code uses n_points=45. Maybe trying n_points=60, which is larger but allows for more detailed functions. However, increasing n_points increases the number of variables in the optimization problem, which could slow down the optimization. But with a budget of 100 seconds, maybe it's possible.

Alternatively, maybe using the same n_points but optimizing more effectively.

Another thought: the current approach uses multiple stages: initial guesses, differential evolution, and then COBYLA refinement. Perhaps changing the order or the number of refinements. For example, maybe using more differential evolution steps with a smaller population and better parameters, followed by more refinements.

Moreover, the current code's obj function is the maximum of the correlation, and the constraints are the sum. The problem is a constrained optimization problem. Maybe using a different constraint formulation or a penalty method could help.

Another approach could be to model the problem as a semi-infinite optimization problem where the maximum is over k. However, that might not be tractable with standard solvers.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral for a given shift k can be viewed as the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). Since the function has to be defined over [0, 2], the shift k could range such that x + k is still in [0, 2]. However, this complicates the integral, but the correlation function already handles that via the 'full' mode.

Another idea: the correlation function for a shift k is the same as the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx over x. So, the maximum over k of these correlations is the value we want to minimize.

Perhaps, for a given h, the maximum correlation occurs at certain k values. So, the problem is to design h such that for all k, the cross-correlation is low.

But how to model that? It's a complex non-linear optimization problem.

Alternatively, think of the problem as trying to balance the integral between different shifts. Maybe using a cost function that is the maximum of several correlation values, and using a multi-objective approach to minimize each.

But that's not straightforward. The previous code already minimizes the maximum.

Hmm, maybe trying different optimization settings. For example, using a more aggressive differential evolution with better parameters. The current code uses mutation (0.6, 0.95), which could be adjusted.

Also, considering that the current code uses a loop with multiple guesses and optimizes each, maybe there's a way to make the initial guesses more diverse.

Another angle: the previous code uses several initial guess generators (pulses, sawtooth, random) but perhaps adding more types of functions. For example, generating functions with different periodic structures or random patterns.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess with a certain structure, like a binary pattern, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given. Maybe using that as a starting point and then optimizing with a different method. But the code already does that.

Another thing: the current code uses the 'full' mode for the correlation. Let me check what that does. When using mode='full', the correlation is computed over all possible shifts, including negative shifts. But since the original function is over [0, 2], the valid shifts are those where x + k is within [0, 2]. However, the code computes the full correlation, which includes more terms, but then the maximum is taken. Maybe the code is correct, but perhaps that's leading to some noise in the maximum.

Alternatively, perhaps restricting the shifts to a certain range would make the problem more tractable. But the code's current approach is to use the full correlation and then take the maximum, which gives the correct value.

Another idea: using the fact that the correlation for k is the same as for -k, but that's probably already handled by the code.

So, back to the code. What can be changed?

Maybe the following steps:

1. Use a different starting point. Instead of initial_h_values, generate a different initial configuration. For example, a more evenly distributed pattern.

2. Adjust the optimization parameters for differential evolution and SLSQP to improve convergence.

3. Use a more diverse set of initial guesses, including different waveform types.

4. Use a combination of global and local optimizations, but in a more efficient way.

5. Try with a higher number of points, but ensuring that the time budget is respected.

Let me think about changing the initial_guesses generation. The previous code generates pulses and sawtooth waves with certain frequencies and duties. Maybe adding more types of functions, like square waves with different duty cycles, or triangular waves.

Alternatively, generating random initial guesses with a more structured approach, such as using a random pattern that satisfies the sum constraint.

Also, the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses, but maybe generating more of them would help. However, this could take more time. But with the differential evolution and other steps, perhaps the number of guesses can be increased.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed n_points, try a different n_points. For example, using n_points=60, which would allow for a more detailed h function. Let's see, for n_points=60, dx=2/60 ≈ 0.033333. The sum would need to be 60/2 = 30. However, the time required for optimization might be higher, but perhaps with a better solution, it could be worth it. However, the previous code already uses 45 points. Maybe trying 60 is better?

But I need to check how much time it would take. The differential evolution step with popsize=100 and maxiter=50 for 45 points. For 60 points, it's more variables, so the time per iteration would be higher. Maybe not feasible.

Alternatively, maybe using a smaller n_points, but I don't know. The problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. The previous code uses 45 points. So perhaps keeping n_points=45 is better.

So another possible change is to modify the initial guess generation. For example, adding more types of waveforms. Also, perhaps using a more systematic approach to generate initial guesses, like varying the number of pulses or using more structured patterns.

Another thing: the code uses the same bounds for all optimization steps. Maybe adding constraints to the optimization problem, such as ensuring that the function is smooth or has certain properties, could help. However, that might complicate things.

Alternatively, the current code's obj function is the maximum of the correlation values. But the maximum is a non-smooth function, which could be difficult for some optimizers. However, the code uses SLSQP and COBYLA, which can handle smooth functions. Maybe the maximum is causing issues with the optimization.

Wait, the obj function is the maximum over all the correlation values. So the function is non-differentiable at the points where the maximum is attained. This could make the optimization challenging. Maybe the code could use a different formulation, such as the max function being the maximum of several functions. For example, using a large number of shifted versions of the h function and finding the maximum among them. However, with the current code, it's handled via the maximum of the correlation array.

Another idea: instead of using the correlation directly, perhaps formulating the problem as an optimization where the maximum of certain terms is minimized. But that's essentially what the code is doing.

Hmm, perhaps using a different method for the optimization, such as simulated annealing. However, with the time budget, it's not clear if that would be faster or better.

Alternatively, using gradient-based methods. But the maximum function's gradient is not straightforward. However, if the maximum is achieved at a certain point, the gradient could be approximated as the gradient of that particular correlation function. But this requires knowing which correlation term is the maximum, which might be computationally intensive.

Alternatively, the code could track which correlation term is the maximum during optimization and use that for the gradient. But that would complicate the implementation.

Another approach is to use a different starting point. If the initial_h_values is not leading to the best solution, maybe generating a different initial configuration. For example, a more balanced distribution of 1s and 0s. But how?

Alternatively, using a random initial guess with a certain structure. For instance, randomly placing some points and then adjusting them to meet the sum constraint.

But the code already has a generate_random_guess function. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses generated in that step could help.

Another idea: instead of using the same method for all steps, combine different optimization techniques. For example, using differential evolution for the global search, then using a local optimizer like SLSQP or COBYLA for refinement.

The previous code does that, but perhaps adjusting the parameters would help. For example, using more iterations in differential evolution, or adjusting the mutation and recombination rates.

Let me think about the parameters for differential evolution. The current code uses mutation (0.6, 0.95) which is a range for the mutation factor. Lower mutation factors may lead to slower exploration, but higher might cause degradation. Maybe trying different parameters, like a higher mutation range, or a different recombination strategy.

Also, the maxiter is set to 50. If the budget allows, increasing it could lead to better results. But with the time constraint, it's a trade-off.

Another possible change: using a different initial guess for the differential evolution. For example, using the initial_h_values as the starting point.

Wait, the previous code includes the initial_h_values as one of the guesses. So the differential evolution is run on all guesses, but maybe the initial guess is not the best.

Moreover, the code uses a loop that runs differential evolution with the same parameters. Perhaps adjusting the number of iterations or population size.

Another thing to consider: the time is limited. The code needs to finish within 100 seconds. The previous code tried two differential evolution steps. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in the differential evolution step could help, but it's risky if it exceeds the time budget.

Alternatively, using a more efficient global optimization method. However, in the previous code, differential evolution is already used.

Another angle: the current code uses several different initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses with a different approach. For example, placing a certain number of intervals in the [0,2] interval and varying their positions and lengths.

But generating all possible intervals would be computationally expensive, so perhaps a simpler approach.

Alternatively, using a pattern that has some periodicity, like a combination of two or more waveforms with different frequencies and phases. This could be more complex, but perhaps the code can generate such patterns as initial guesses.

In addition, the code currently generates pulses and sawtooth waves. Maybe adding triangular waves, or other shapes that could potentially lead to a better overlap.

So, possible changes to the code:

- Generate more types of initial guesses, such as triangular waves, combining multiple waveforms, or randomized structured patterns.

- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and other optimization steps to explore the search space more effectively.

- Use a different initial configuration, perhaps a more randomized one that satisfies the sum constraint.

- Use a different optimization method for refinement, such as BFGS or another gradient-based method.

But considering the code's existing structure, perhaps modifying the initial_guesses generation to include more types of functions.

Another idea: using a random start but with a certain distribution. For example, a binary pattern with 1s and 0s, but adjusted to meet the sum constraint. However, the function h can take any value in [0,1], not just 0 and 1. But binary patterns might be more efficient in terms of overlap.

Wait, in the Erdős problem, the optimal solution might have h(x) taking values 0 or 1. However, the previous code allows for continuous values. So perhaps a binary solution could be better, but it's not clear.

But given that the current code uses continuous values, perhaps there's a better way to design the function. However, without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to say.

Another thought: the previous code uses the initial_h_values and then generates other guesses. Maybe generating more guesses that are variations of the initial_h_values, such as shifting or modifying the pattern.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initial guess, like a function that is designed to have low overlap with itself shifted by various k.

For example, a function that is designed to be periodic with a period larger than the shift steps, thereby minimizing overlap. But this is vague.

Another approach: since the maximum overlap is over all k, perhaps designing h(x) to be as balanced as possible. For example, ensuring that for any shift k, the overlap between h and 1 - h is minimized.

But how to translate this into a function design?

Perhaps the function should avoid having high density in regions where other regions of the function would overlap when shifted. This is abstract, but maybe a piecewise constant function with certain intervals can achieve this.

The initial_h_values might have some structure that can be refined. For example, if the function has certain intervals where it is 1 and others where it is 0, but the intervals are arranged to minimize overlap.

But how to model that in the code? It's a bit unclear.

In conclusion, the previous code uses a combination of different initial guesses, optimization methods, and refinement steps. To improve it, I could:

1. Generate more diverse and better initial guesses.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods for better performance.
3. Use different optimization strategies, such as using a genetic algorithm or other global methods.
4. Try different numbers of points, possibly within the allowed time budget.
5. Refine the code to make it more efficient, possibly by reducing redundant calculations or optimizing the objective function.

But given the time constraints, the code must stay within the 100 seconds. Therefore, focusing on optimizing the existing steps might be more effective.

Another possible change is to use a different method for the initial guesses. For example, using a binary-like pattern with some randomness but ensuring the sum constraint is met.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a Latin hypercube or other sampling methods to ensure diversity.

However, implementing these changes within the existing code structure and keeping it concise is a challenge.

In the code, the generate_random_guess function creates a random array and scales it to meet the sum constraint. Maybe increasing the number of random guesses could help explore more of the search space. The current code generates several different guesses, but perhaps increasing that number could lead to better results.

Additionally, the code uses differential evolution for a couple of steps. Maybe increasing the number of differential evolution iterations could help, but again, time is a constraint.

Another idea: instead of using the same method for all optimization steps, perhaps using the initial guesses to run the optimization with different parameters, or using a hybrid approach.

Overall, the code can be modified to generate more initial guesses, adjust the parameters of the optimization steps, and potentially use a more diverse set of initial functions.

Now, translating these thoughts into code changes:

- Modify the generate_random_guess function to allow for more varied initial guesses.
- Increase the number of initial guesses generated.
- Adjust the parameters of differential evolution, such as population size, mutation, and recombination.
- Consider using a different optimization method for refinement, perhaps with better settings.
- Try different n_points if possible, but given time constraints, perhaps not.

For example, in the previous code, the guesses are generated with:

guesses = [h]
for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
for _ in range(5):
    guesses.append(generate_random_guess())

Maybe increasing the number of generated guesses by adding more frequencies, duties, or other types of functions. For example, adding triangular waves or different pulse frequencies.

Also, the generate_random_guess function could be modified to create more structured random guesses. For example, using a mix of random values and some fixed patterns.

Another idea: using a combination of the initial guess and the random guesses, but perhaps with different configurations.

Additionally, in the refinement phase, using a different optimization method or more iterations could help.

Perhaps the current code's refinement steps are too limited. For example, using COBYLA with more iterations or a different method like BFGS.

Considering these changes, the revised code would generate more initial guesses, use more optimized parameters for the optimization methods, and possibly adjust the number of points.

But how to implement this within the code's structure and within the time constraints?

The final code should be concise, so I need to make sure that the changes are made without adding too many lines or making the code too complex.

Therefore, the plan is to:

- Generate more initial guesses by adding more types of functions, like triangular waves.
- Adjust the parameters in differential evolution, such as increasing the number of iterations or changing mutation/recombination rates.
- Use a more efficient refinement method, possibly with more iterations or different constraints.
- Ensure that the code stays within the time budget.

Now, considering the code structure, I can adjust the generate_guesses section to include more functions, and adjust the optimization parameters.

Also, the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (like 1 initial, 7 pulses, 4 sawtooth, 5 random). Adding more guesses could be done by generating more patterns.

But to keep it concise, perhaps adding triangular waves would be a good idea. For example, adding a gen_triangular function that generates a triangular wave, and then including it in the guesses.

So, adding a new function for triangular waves, and then adding it to the guesses.

Another possible change is to increase the number of random guesses, say generating 10 instead of 5.

Also, in the differential evolution step, increasing the maxiter to 100 might help, but with the time budget, this could be risky.

Another consideration is the time tracking in the code. The code checks if time exceeds the budget, so adjusting the number of iterations or steps in the loops accordingly.

In conclusion, here's how the code can be modified to improve the solution:

- Generate more initial guesses with different waveforms (like triangular).
- Adjust the parameters of differential evolution and other optimization steps.
- Increase the number of refinement iterations.
- Maybe use a different optimization method for the refinement step.

Now, translating these into code changes.

The final code will need to include these modifications, ensuring that the code is within the character and line limit.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_tri(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty * 2, 0, 1)
    
    def generate_random_guess():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        total = np.sum(h)
        h *= (target_sum) / total
        return h
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_tri(3, duty))
    for _ in range(7):
        guesses.append(generate_random_guess())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```