<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral, which is calculated as the maximum of the cross-correlation between h(x) and 1-h(x+k) over all k, scaled by dx.

The previous code used SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA optimization methods with initial guesses based on pulse and sawtooth functions. It starts from the initial_h_values, which is a 45-point array. The user wants me to improve this by trying different approaches, maybe to avoid local optima and find a better solution.

First, I need to think about the optimization strategies. The previous code used a combination of different starting points and multiple optimization steps. Maybe I can try a different initial guess, like using more complex patterns or varying frequencies. Also, the constraints are that the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1, so the sum of h values multiplied by dx is 1.

Let me consider the problem again. The overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Because the integral is over [0,2], when we shift k, the overlap could be over different parts of the interval. The challenge is to arrange h(x) such that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized.

ANother idea is to model h(x) as a periodic function with certain properties. For example, using a piecewise constant function with specific patterns. Maybe a more structured approach like using Fourier analysis could help, but since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps there's a way to distribute the h(x) values to balance overlaps across different shifts.

But since the user wants a code implementation that can run within 100 seconds, I need to focus on optimization methods that are efficient. The previous approach used multiple optimization steps with different initial guesses, but maybe there's a way to improve this. For example, using a genetic algorithm or other global optimization methods. Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimization with better initial guesses.

The current code uses differential evolution which is a global optimization method. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but that might take more time. Alternatively, use a multi-start approach with different initial guesses generated in a different way.

Another thing I noticed in the previous code: they generate some initial guesses with pulses and sawtooth waves. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using random patterns but ensuring the integral condition is met. Also, the previous code has a step where it uses SLSQP to refine the solution, which is a local optimizer. Perhaps using other local optimizers or combining them differently.

Wait, the user's previous code achieved a C5 of 0.381142, which is slightly worse than the current record of 0.38085. The target is to get even lower than that. The idea is to find a better starting point and more efficient optimization steps.

Let me consider possible improvements. For example, if the initial_h_values is a good starting point, maybe the code can start there and then use more efficient optimization steps. However, the initial_h_values is supposed to be a starting point. Wait, the problem statement says that the user can start from the current construction (initial_h_values) but is encouraged to explore other starting points to avoid local optima. So maybe generating multiple starting points with different patterns and then optimizing each could help.

Another thought: maybe the current approach is getting stuck in a local minimum. To address this, perhaps using a different optimization algorithm for the initial steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm for global search followed by local optimization. But since the time budget is tight, the code needs to balance between exploration and exploitation.

Alternatively, trying to use a more structured approach for h(x). For example, divide the interval [0,2] into equal segments and define h(x) as a piecewise constant function with different values in each segment. This would reduce the problem to a combinatorial optimization problem where each segment's value is either 0 or 1 (but since the integral must be 1, the number of segments with value 1 must be chosen appropriately).

But since the number of segments (n_points) is 45 (from the initial_h_values), that might be too large. But maybe using a few more segments and trying different configurations could help.

Wait, the user is allowed to use different starting points. So maybe generating initial guesses that are more optimized. For example, using a more uniform distribution of the 1's in h(x) across the interval, or using a pattern that avoids high overlaps.

Another idea is to use a construction similar to the optimal solution for C₅. For example, the known optimal solutions for small k are often related to periodic functions with certain symmetry properties. For example, in the case of C₅, the optimal function might be a periodic function with a certain symmetry that minimizes the maximum overlap.

But how can I model that in code? Maybe using trigonometric functions with specific frequencies, but ensuring the integral condition is met. Alternatively, using a function that has a certain number of "on" and "off" regions arranged to minimize overlaps.

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of the Fourier transform. The overlap integral could be related to the Fourier coefficients of h(x) and 1-h(x). However, this might complicate the optimization process.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap over all shifts, which is similar to the concept of a function with low autocorrelation. In communication theory, this is related to sequences with low cross-correlation, which are used in code division multiple access (CDMA) systems. Maybe there are known constructions for such sequences that could be adapted here.

But how to translate that into a function h(x) on the interval [0,2]?

Alternatively, think of h(x) as a binary signal (but not exactly, since it's a step function in [0,1]), and looking for a binary signal with specific cross-correlation properties. However, the problem allows h(x) to be any function in [0,1], not just binary, so perhaps allowing some values between 0 and 1 could be better.

But this line of thinking might not directly lead to a coding approach. Let me think about possible code changes.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include pulses and sawtooth functions. Maybe adding more types of functions as initial guesses could help. For example, using different waveforms or random patterns. Also, the previous code uses 5 random guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help.

Another possible improvement is to use a heuristic to generate better initial guesses. For example, creating a function that is a combination of several pulses with varying frequencies and phases, then scaling the sum to meet the integral constraint. Alternatively, using a greedy algorithm to place the "1" regions in h(x) such that they don't overlap too much when shifted.

But how to implement that in code? Maybe using a simulated annealing approach, but that would require more time.

Alternatively, consider that the maximum overlap integral is determined by the shifts where the overlap is largest. For example, when the shift k is such that the regions of h(x) and 1-h(x+k) overlap the most. To minimize this, the function h(x) should be designed so that for any shift, the regions where h(x) is 1 and the regions where 1-h(x+k) is 1 (i.e., where h(x+k) is 0) do not overlap too much.

This suggests that the function h(x) should have regions where it is 1 and 0 arranged in a way that shifting them doesn't create large overlaps. For example, using a pattern that repeats every certain interval, with the on and off regions spaced appropriately.

But again, how to translate that into code? Perhaps by trying different tiling patterns. For instance, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and setting h(x) to 1 in certain parts, ensuring that shifted versions don't overlap much.

Wait, the initial_h_values is of length 45, which gives dx = 2/45 ≈ 0.0444. Maybe the current code uses a starting point that is not optimal. For example, perhaps using a more evenly distributed pattern of 1's and 0's. Alternatively, using a pattern that has a more complex structure.

Another possible improvement is to use a metaheuristic like particle swarm optimization (PSO), which is a population-based optimization method that could explore the search space more efficiently. However, implementing PSO might be more complex and could take more time to code.

Alternatively, using a combination of global and local search methods. For example, first perform a differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then refine it with local optimization.

The previous code uses differential evolution with a population size of 100 and maxiter of 50. Maybe increasing the population size could help explore more of the search space, but that might take longer. However, given the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps optimizing the parameters of the optimization steps to balance exploration and exploitation is key.

Also, the previous code uses the SLSQP method for refinement. Maybe using a different local optimizer, like Nelder-Mead, could help avoid local optima. Or combining multiple local optimizers.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way of generating initial guesses. The previous code uses pulses, sawteeth, and random guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses by varying the parameters of these functions. For example, varying the frequency, duty cycle, or phase of the pulse and sawtooth functions.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps focusing on the most problematic shifts. For example, the maximum overlap is likely to occur at shifts that are multiples of the period of h(x). So, maybe designing h(x) to have a period that is not a divisor of the interval length, leading to less overlap when shifted.

But again, how to code this?

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral is maximized when the overlap between h(x) and 1-h(x+k) is largest. The integral is the sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). To minimize the maximum of this across k, the function h(x) should be such that for any shift k, the product is small.

This seems similar to designing a function with low autocorrelation. In such problems, the optimal solution often involves using a function with a certain symmetry or periodicity. For example, using a function that has low cross-correlation with its delayed versions.

An example of a function with low cross-correlation is a Barker sequence. Barker sequences are binary sequences with minimal autocorrelation, but they are typically for discrete time. However, perhaps there's an approach to adapt such sequences to the continuous case.

But how to adapt that to our problem? Let me think. If we can design a function h(x) that is a step function taking values 0 and 1, with a pattern that, when shifted, overlaps as little as possible. For example, using a periodic function with a certain period and pattern of 0s and 1s.

But since the interval is [0,2], maybe designing a function that is a periodic extension of a finite-length pattern. For example, if the pattern length is L, then the function repeats every L units. This could help in minimizing the overlap when shifting by certain amounts.

Another idea is to use a function that is a combination of multiple pulses arranged in such a way that shifting them does not cause large overlaps. For example, placing the pulses with spacing that prevents the overlaps.

But with n_points = 45, the interval is divided into 45 points. So, the function h(x) is a step function with 45 segments. Each segment can have a value between 0 and 1. However, the problem requires the integral to be 1.

Alternatively, since the integral over [0,2] of h(x) dx is 1, the average value of h(x) is 1/2. So, the function is balanced between 0 and 1. Perhaps designing h(x) such that it has a certain number of "on" regions that are spread out, and the "off" regions are also spread out to avoid overlap.

Another approach is to use a heuristic where we sample different configurations from the initial starting point and then optimize them. For example, the previous code uses a few initial guesses. Maybe trying more initial guesses, such as using different frequency patterns or more complex waveforms, could lead to better results.

In addition to the previous initial guesses (pulses and sawtooth), perhaps generating more varied functions. For example, using a function that is a combination of multiple pulses with different frequencies and phases. Or using random patterns with a certain probability of being on or off.

But how to generate these in code? For example, creating a function that randomly assigns levels to each segment, ensuring the integral constraint is met. Then, using that as an initial guess.

Another thought: the current code uses the initial_h_values, which is a 45-point array. Maybe starting from that and using more aggressive optimization steps could help. For example, using a more powerful local optimizer with tighter tolerances, or using a different method like Bayesian optimization.

However, given the time constraints, the code must be efficient. Also, the user wants a code block that runs within 100 seconds. So, trying to find a better initial guess is crucial to avoid getting stuck in local optima.

In the previous code, the initial guesses are based on frequency waves. Let me think about how to generate better initial guesses. For example, using a more complex periodic function, like a square wave with multiple harmonics, or a function that modulates between 0 and 1 in a way that minimizes overlap.

Alternatively, using a function that is a sum of sinusoids with specific frequencies. For example, a function that has high frequency components, leading to more localized regions of 1's and 0's.

But how to implement that? Maybe using a Fourier series approach, but that could be complicated. Alternatively, generating random initial guesses with certain properties, like enforcing that the function is balanced between 0 and 1, and then using them as starting points.

Another idea: the maximum overlap integral is max_k ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. This is similar to the cross-correlation of h(x) with (1 - h(x +k)) for varying k. The cross-correlation can be seen as the integral of the product of h(x) and 1 - h(x +k), which is equivalent to the integral of h(x) - h(x)h(x +k) dx. So, the maximum value is the maximum of these integrals. Since the first term is the integral of h(x) which is 1, and the second term depends on the overlap between h(x) and h(x +k).

Wait, the integral ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx = ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x+k) dx. Since ∫ h(x)dx is 1, the integral becomes 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. So, the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx, which is the same as maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx.

So, the problem is to maximize the minimum of the cross-correlation between h(x) and h(x +k) over all k. Therefore, the previous approach of optimizing for the minimum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the autocorrelation of h(x).

But Pearson correlation is different from cross-correlation. However, the goal is to maximize the minimum cross-correlation over shifts, which may lead to a more structured function.

Hmm, but this might not directly help in code, but it's a different way to look at the problem.

Another idea: using a greedy algorithm to adjust h(x) iteratively. For example, starting with an initial guess and then iteratively finding the shift k that currently has the highest overlap, and then adjusting h(x) to reduce that overlap. However, this could be computationally expensive and may not converge to the optimal solution.

Alternatively, using gradient-based methods, but the function may have many local optima and be non-convex, making gradient descent challenging.

Back to the code approach. The previous code uses several optimization steps. To improve this, perhaps:

1. Use a better initial guess that is more structured, e.g., a combination of multiple pulses or a more complex waveform.
2. Use a more efficient global optimization method, such as differential evolution with adjusted parameters.
3. Increase the number of initial guesses or the diversity of the initial guesses to avoid local optima.
4. Refine the optimization process by using more iterations of local optimization.

Let me consider how to improve the initial guess generation. For example, instead of just using pulses and sawtooth functions, perhaps using a combination of multiple pulse trains with different frequencies or a more complex pattern. For instance, using a function that modulates between 0 and 1 with multiple peaks.

Alternatively, using a function that is a sawtooth waveform with a certain duty cycle but varying frequency. Or using a function that combines different waveforms, such as a sine wave modulated by a square wave.

But implementing all of that might be time-consuming. However, the code can generate these initial guesses algorithmically.

Another idea: since the optimal solution likely has a certain symmetry, perhaps generating initial guesses that are symmetric or have periodic properties could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as a starting point and perturbing it to explore neighboring solutions.

In summary, the key improvements to try could be:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses.
- Use a more efficient optimization algorithm or adjust parameters of existing ones.
- Refine the optimization steps with more iterations or different local optimizers.
- Ensure that the initial guesses are well-distributed across the search space.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the initial code's initialization and optimization steps. For example, adding more initial guess types, increasing the number of iterations, or using different optimization methods.

In the code, the previous approach uses differential evolution for global search, then SLSQP for local refinement. To improve this, maybe:

- Use a different global optimization method, like genetic algorithm (but scipy doesn't have a built-in GA).
- Use a different local optimizer, like L-BFGS-B, which is more efficient for certain problems.
- Increase the number of initial guess points, possibly generating more complex initial guesses.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as a good starting point and then applying more aggressive optimization steps.

In the code, the initial_h_values is a 45-point array. The previous code generates guesses based on pulse and sawtooth functions. Let me think about generating more initial guesses. For example, adding functions that are combinations of different pulses or waveforms, or random patterns with certain constraints.

Wait, the user says that if the initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So perhaps starting from the initial_h_values is better, but sometimes it's possible that it's a local maximum, so trying different starting points is better.

Another thing: the previous code uses SLSQP with a box constraint and an equality constraint. Maybe using a different optimization method for the initial steps, like Nelder-Mead, which doesn't require gradients.

But considering the code length and time, the previous approach is already quite complex. Perhaps the main improvements would be to:

1. Generate more initial guesses that are structurally different.
2. Use a more sophisticated initial guess based on known patterns (like periodic functions).
3. Adjust the parameters of the optimization steps to allow more exploration.

Since the user is allowed to use scipy, maybe using the COBYLA method with different settings, or the SLSQP method with tighter tolerances.

Alternatively, using multiple sigmoidal functions with optimized parameters.

Another idea: since the integral must be 1, maybe represent h(x) as a piecewise constant function with specific values that are optimized to minimize the maximum overlap.

But this is again an optimization problem.

In conclusion, to improve the previous code, I should try to generate a better initial guess that is not just based on random pulses or sawtooth functions. Perhaps using a combination of functions or more systematic methods. Also, using more optimization steps with different methods to refine the solution.

However, implementing this in code within the constraints requires careful consideration.

Let me try to outline the code changes:

- Instead of just using pulses and sawtooth functions, generate more diverse initial guesses using different waveforms or combinations.
- Increase the number of initial guesses to explore more of the search space.
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution to allow more iterations or a larger population.
- Use different local optimization methods or refine the solution with more iterations.

Another thing: the previous code uses the mode 'full' for the correlation, which returns the full cross-correlation. However, for our problem, we need to compute the maximum of these correlations for all possible shifts. The current code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the convolution, but in this case, the cross-correlation is the same as the convolution of h with the reverse of (1 - h), but with the mode 'full'.

But maybe there's a more efficient way to compute this. However, the current code probably handles it correctly.

In terms of code changes, perhaps adding more initial guesses, like using a combination of pulses with different frequencies and phases, or a more complex waveform.

But since I can't write out all the code details now, perhaps the main improvement would be to generate more structured initial guesses and optimize them more thoroughly. For example, adding initial guesses based on random patterns with different parameters.

Another idea: use a function that is a truncated sine wave or other function that has low overlap when shifted. For example, a sine wave passes through 0 and 1 in a way that shifting it doesn't create large overlaps.

Alternatively, using a function that is a sum of multiple sinusoids with different frequencies and phases, such that the overall function has a shape that minimizes overlaps.

But generating such initial guesses algorithmically may be complex.

In the absence of a clear mathematical approach, perhaps the best way to proceed is to modify the previous code to generate more initial guesses and use different optimization strategies. For example, using more random initial guesses and refining them with different optimizers.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to compute the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate, which may be computationally intensive. However, given the constraints, it's likely that this is the most straightforward way.

In conclusion, my plan is to modify the code to generate more diverse initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters to allow for more exploration, and use a combination of global and local optimization methods to find a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_signal(freq, phase, width, smooth):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x + phase)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * width / 2 + smooth, 0, 1)
    
    def generate_random_guess():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        total = np.sum(h)
        h *= (target_sum) / total
        return h
    
    def create_harmonic(freq, phase, width, smooth):
        return gen_signal(freq, phase, width, smooth)
    
    def create_sawtooth(freq, duty, offset):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty + offset, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = []
    guesses.append(h)
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
        guesses.append(create_harmonic(freq, np.random.uniform(-np.pi, np.pi), 0.5, 0.01))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(create_sawtooth(3, duty, np.random.uniform(-0.1, 0.1)))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(generate_random_guess())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(1):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```