<think>
Okay, so I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get it lower, like 0.380876 or better. The previous code uses a combination of different starting points and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, let me understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h takes values in [0,1].

The previous approach starts with an initial_h_values array (probably a 45-point sample), then tries various guess functions like pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Then it uses SLSQP optimization with constraints, and differential evolution. Finally, some refinement steps. But maybe there's a way to improve this.

Hmm. The main challenge is finding a good initial guess and optimizing it effectively. The previous code might be getting stuck in local optima. Maybe using a different initial guess or a different optimization strategy would help.

Another idea: since we're dealing with a periodic function (because the integral over shifts is considered), perhaps using a periodic function structure could be beneficial. For example, a function that's symmetric or has certain repeating patterns. Maybe something with multiple pulses or a more complex waveform.

But how to translate that into a step function with fixed samples? The current approach uses a lot of different waveforms as starting points, but maybe there's a smarter way to generate these. Also, the optimization steps might be too slow or not effective enough.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP for each guess, then differential evolution, then refinement. But perhaps using a different optimization method, like genetic algorithms or another metaheuristic, could explore the search space more effectively. However, the budget is limited to 100 seconds, so computational efficiency is key.

Another thought: the overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts k. To minimize this maximum, the function h should be designed such that for as many shifts as possible, the overlap is low. Maybe a more evenly distributed set of ones and zeros? Or a function that has non-overlapping regions when shifted?

Alternatively, maybe the problem is similar to a binary optimization problem where we want to place '1's and '0's in such a way that their shifts don't overlap too much. But since it's a step function, perhaps it's better to model it as a binary step function with certain spacing between the active intervals.

Wait, but the function is allowed to take any values between 0 and 1. Maybe a piecewise constant function with some optimal breakpoints. But how to determine those breakpoints optimally?

Another angle: the integral over k is equivalent to the maximum value of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. So we're trying to minimize the maximum cross-correlation between h and 1-h. This seems related to the problem of designing a function that has minimal maximum correlation with its shifted version, which is similar to coding theory or signal processing problems.

In signal processing, this is similar to designing a sequence with low autocorrelation. Maybe techniques from that area can be applied here. For example, using a set of points that are spaced out in a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

But how to translate this into a step function with a fixed number of samples? Perhaps using a greedy approach where we place the '1's in positions that minimize the overlap as we go. But since it's an optimization problem, maybe a more systematic approach is needed.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, but perhaps combining them with simulated annealing or another technique could help escape local minima.

Also, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe there's a way to improve it by modifying it. For example, adding some perturbations or using a more sophisticated initial guess.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given as a pre-imported variable, which I can't access directly. So I need to build an initial guess algorithmically. For example, using a regular pattern. For 45 points over [0,2], maybe spacing the '1's evenly. But that might not be optimal.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], the average value of h is 0.5. So the function is balanced between 0 and 1. However, to minimize the overlap, it's better to have the 1's spread out as much as possible so that when shifted, they don't overlap with other regions where h is 1.

So perhaps designing a function that has several intervals where h is 1, and the intervals are spaced in a way that their shifts don't overlap too much. For example, using a set of non-overlapping intervals that are spaced apart by a certain distance.

But how to model that with a step function? Maybe using a pattern where the function has several 'blocks' of 1s separated by 0s. The key is to find the right number of blocks and their spacing.

But how to translate that into a numerical optimization problem. Maybe the initial guess can be a function with a certain number of blocks, and then the optimization can adjust their positions and sizes to minimize the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, think of h as a binary vector (but since it's a step function, maybe not entirely binary, but with certain thresholds). However, the problem allows h to take any value between 0 and 1.

Another thought: perhaps using a function that's periodic with a certain period. For example, a function that repeats a certain pattern over the interval [0,2]. But since the integral must be 1, the average over the period must be 0.5.

Wait, for a periodic function with period T, the integral over [0, T] would be the same as over any interval of length T. But our domain is [0,2], so maybe the period is 2? Or split into smaller periods.

Alternatively, using a function that has a certain symmetry. For example, symmetric around 1, so that the function and its complement have certain properties.

But I'm not sure how to proceed. Maybe looking at the existing code's approach and trying to improve it. The previous code uses SLSQP with constraints and differential evolution. Maybe the problem is that the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. To address this, maybe using a different initial guess, or using more diverse initial guesses.

Another idea: instead of generating a fixed set of initial guesses based on waveforms, perhaps generating random initial guesses that are more varied. For example, using random permutations of the positions where h is 1, or using a random binary vector with sum n_points/2, and then optimizing from there. However, generating such initial guesses could be computationally intensive, but perhaps manageable within the budget.

Alternatively, perhaps using a combination of different optimization techniques. For example, first using differential evolution to explore the space, then using SLSQP for local refinement.

Wait, the previous code first uses SLSQP with different initial guesses, then does differential evolution with a population size and max iterations, then refines again with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations in differential evolution could help, but that might take more time.

Another possible improvement: adjusting the hyperparameters. For example, the mutation and recombination parameters in differential evolution. Perhaps using a larger mutation range to explore more possibilities.

Also, the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses, but maybe generating more initial guesses (e.g., by varying parameters like frequency and duty cycle) could lead to better starting points.

Another thing: the code uses different waveform generators (pulses, sawtooth, triangle). Maybe adding more types of waveforms or varying the parameters further could lead to better initial guesses. For example, trying different frequencies or duty cycles.

But given the time constraints, how to balance between exploration and exploitation?

Alternatively, maybe using a better initial guess than the previous ones. For example, using a more informed initial guess based on known optimal configurations or existing literature.

Wait, the problem is related to the Erdős conjecture on covering systems or something similar? Not sure. Maybe there's some known optimal configurations for such integrals.

Alternatively, perhaps trying to model the function h as a combination of multiple overlapping intervals, each contributing to the integral. For example, using a function that is 1 over several non-overlapping intervals, and 0 elsewhere, but that's a binary function. However, since h can take other values, maybe allowing partial overlaps can help.

But how to design such a function? For example, if we have two intervals of length a and b, spaced apart such that their shifts don't overlap much.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal function is a combination of multiple small intervals (i.e., a sparse set of 1s), which when shifted, their overlaps are minimized. This is similar to a binary code with certain distance properties.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem with the given constraints?

Maybe trying different initial guesses that have varying numbers of active intervals, and see which performs better.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps focusing on the largest overlaps and trying to reduce them. However, this is more of a heuristic and might not be straightforward to implement in an optimization framework.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where the objective function is the maximum overlap, but the optimization algorithm can't directly minimize a max function. So the previous code uses the max of the cross-correlation as the objective, which is correct.

Another possible optimization: instead of using the full cross-correlation (which has a length of 2n-1), maybe considering only certain shifts k that are most critical. But this is speculation.

In the previous code, the cross-correlation is calculated using mode='full', which gives a longer array, and then the maximum is taken. That's correct.

Another thought: the current code's initial_h_values is a 45-point sample. Maybe increasing the number of points would allow for better optimization, but the problem says to prefer smaller sequences with less than 1k samples. So maybe 45 is acceptable, but perhaps using a different n_points would help. However, the user might not have provided that, so we need to stick with existing.

Alternatively, perhaps the code can try different n_points values, but that would complicate things. The original code uses the initial_h_values, which has n_points as len(initial_h_values), so we have to work with that.

Wait, the initial code uses n_points = len(h), which is the length of the initial_h_values. So we can't change that, since the user wants to start from the current construction. So the n_points is fixed as len(initial_h_values), which is probably 45.

So the plan is to improve the optimization process for the existing n_points. How?

Maybe the problem is that the previous code uses a limited number of initial guesses. Perhaps generating more initial guesses with different structures would help in finding a better solution.

For example, instead of using predefined waveform generators, generate random initial guesses. For example, using a random binary vector (with sum n_points/2), and then perturb it slightly.

But generating random guesses could be computationally expensive. However, with differential evolution, the population can be varied.

Alternatively, maybe using a better optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. SLSQP is a local optimizer that can get stuck, while differential evolution is a global optimizer. However, in the code, after some initial optimization steps, they use SLSQP again for refinement.

Another idea: using a more efficient optimization method. Maybe using a hybrid approach where the global search (differential evolution) is used first, and then local search (SLSQP) is applied to refine the solution.

Alternatively, using a different set of constraints or a different objective function. For example, maybe instead of minimizing the maximum overlap, we can use a more efficient way to compute the maximum, but I don't think that's possible.

Another possibility: the problem is that the current code uses multiple initial guesses, but maybe not enough. For example, the code generates guesses based on pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves with certain frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe adding more variations, like more complex waveforms or different shapes, could lead to better initial points.

Alternatively, maybe generating initial guesses by randomly placing the '1's in the array, ensuring that the sum is correct. For example, creating a random binary array where exactly half the entries are 1s, and then solving for the optimal h.

But how to do that efficiently? For example, using a random permutation of the positions where the 1s are placed, then optimizing from there.

Another approach: since the problem involves cross-correlation, maybe using a Fourier transform approach. The cross-correlation of h and 1-h is related to the Fourier transform of their convolution. However, this might not be directly helpful for optimization.

Alternatively, considering that minimizing the maximum cross-correlation is equivalent to minimizing the maximum value of the integral over shifted h. This is a challenging optimization problem.

Another thought: the previous code's refinement steps use SLSQP with a limited number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps would help, but again, time is a constraint.

Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm. For example, using a genetic algorithm (GA), which could explore the search space more thoroughly. However, the previous code doesn't use GA, and it's not clear if the available libraries support it. Scipy has differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm.

Wait, in the previous code, they use differential evolution with a population size of 100, maxiter of 50. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of generations could help, but that would take more time.

Another idea: using a better initial guess. The initial_h_values could be a good starting point, but maybe there's a way to improve it quickly.

For example, using the current h and then applying a small perturbation to it, then optimizing. Or using some heuristic based on the current h to adjust it.

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values could be a binary function (i.e., 0s and 1s) that is optimal for some reason. If that's the case, then the code could start from there and optimize.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given as a starting point. It's possible that it's not a perfect starting point, but the code is trying to improve from there. Maybe the initial_h_values is not a good guess, and better initial guesses are needed.

In the previous code, they generate a variety of initial guesses based on waveforms. Maybe generating more of these, or varying the parameters more, could help.

Alternatively, using a different waveform generation method. For example, using a combination of pulses, or varying the shape of the waveform to fit better.

Another angle: since the integral of h is 1, the average value is 0.5. So, the cross-correlation between h and 1-h is related to the variance of h. However, this is perhaps not directly applicable.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral is C5 = max_k ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. So, for each shift k, we are looking at how much of h(x) overlaps with the complement of h(x+k). To minimize the maximum such value, we need h(x) to be as non-overlapping as possible with its shifts.

So, the optimal h would be such that for all shifts k, the overlap between h and 1-h is as small as possible. This seems similar to designing a function with certain correlation properties.

In communication theory, designing sequences with low autocorrelation is similar. For example, the Barker code has low autocorrelation. Maybe designing a function with similar properties could help.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem with the given constraints?

Alternatively, using a combination of pulses with certain spacing. For example, placing several pulses of a certain width and spacing them apart so that when shifted, their overlaps are minimized.

But again, how to model this in a numerical optimization setting.

Maybe the key is to generate a better initial guess. Let's think about generating a set of pulses that are spaced out. For example, if the domain is [0,2], and we have n_points, then we can divide the interval into multiple subintervals, each of which has a pulse. The width of the pulses and their spacing can be adjusted to minimize the overlap.

For example, if we have m pulses, each of width w, then the total length would be m*w, and the spacing between them would be s. The total length occupied by pulses and spacing is m*w + (m-1)*s. This needs to be <= 2. Also, the integral of h would be m*w * 0.5 (since the pulses are 1, and the rest are 0, but wait, the integral over [0,2] is 1, so m*w = 1. So, m*w = 1, and the spacing s can be determined.

But this is a simplification. The function could have more complex structures, but this is a way to generate initial guesses.

For example, if n_points is 45, then dx = 2/45. Suppose we have m pulses. Each pulse can be a block of consecutive 1s. The total length is m*w = 1. For example, m=2, w=0.5. So two blocks, each of length 0.5, spaced in such a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

But how to translate this into a numerical array?

Alternatively, for a given n_points, generating a code where certain positions are set to 1 and others to 0, such that the sum is 1, and then optimizing from there.

But this seems similar to the previous approach. Maybe the code could generate more such binary initial guesses.

However, the previous code already generated some such waveforms. Maybe the problem is not the initial guesses but the optimization method.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA algorithm, which is suitable for bounds-constrained problems. But the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution.

Another idea: using a hybrid approach where we use the differential evolution to find a good initial solution, then use a local optimizer to refine it. The previous code does this, but maybe with more detailed settings.

Another possible improvement is to adjust the hyperparameters in the optimization. For example, in the differential evolution, using a higher mutation rate or a better recombination strategy.

Also, the previous code uses multiple refinement steps, but perhaps adding more refinement steps or increasing the number of iterations in each step could help. However, this may take more time.

In terms of code structure, the existing function uses a loop to try different initial guesses, then performs differential evolution, then refinement steps. To improve this, perhaps:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses.
2. Use a more efficient optimization method for refining.
3. Adjust hyperparameters to balance exploration and exploitation.
4. Use better initial guesses based on known optimal configurations or patterns.

But how to implement this?

Let me think about the code structure. The existing code uses a list of initial guesses generated from various waveforms. Perhaps generating more initial guesses by varying parameters like frequency and duty cycle. For example, trying different frequencies and duty cycles for the pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions.

Additionally, maybe generating random initial guesses. For example, creating a random binary array with the required sum, then optimizing from there.

But generating such random guesses could be done in the code. For example, generating a random binary array where exactly half of the elements are 1, then using that as an initial guess.

Wait, but the function h is allowed to be between 0 and 1, not just binary. So perhaps generating a random initial guess with values in 0-1, but ensuring that the sum is correct.

But generating random guesses might not be efficient. However, with the given time budget, maybe it's worth trying.

Alternatively, combining different initial guesses. For example, using the initial_h_values, plus some other generated initial guesses.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum value of the cross-correlation, perhaps we can use a penalty approach where the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation, but this is already what the code is doing.

So, to improve the code, perhaps the following changes:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses by varying parameters in the waveform functions.
- Use a larger number of iterations in differential evolution.
- Adjust the mutation and recombination parameters in differential evolution to better explore the search space.
- Use more refinement steps with SLSQP, perhaps with a higher number of iterations.

Also, the code currently uses a fixed set of initial guesses. Adding more types of initial guesses (like random, or other waveforms) could help.

Another thing: the previous code has a function called gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle. Maybe adding more functions, like square waves or other patterns.

But the code is already generating a variety of waveforms. Perhaps the problem is that these initial guesses are not optimal and the optimization gets stuck. So, generating more guesses by varying the parameters more could help.

For example, in gen_pulses, varying the frequency more. Or in gen_saw, varying the frequency and duty cycle more.

Alternatively, trying to create initial guesses with more complex patterns. For example, combining multiple waveforms.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the most effective way is to enhance the existing code's optimization steps.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed initial guess, using the initial_h_values as the first guess and then generating new guesses based on it. For example, by applying small perturbations or modifications to the initial guess.

But this may not be efficient.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the starting point and then applying a local optimization to refine it. But the previous code already does this.

Another thought: maybe the code is not exploring enough different shifts k. For example, the maximum overlap is taken over all k, but the code's calculation uses the full cross-correlation. However, the cross-correlation's maximum value is the maximum overlap. So the code is correct.

Another thing to check: the way the cross-correlation is computed. In the code, the cross-correlation is computed with np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full'), which gives a vector of length 2n-1. The maximum value in this vector is multiplied by dx to get C5. This is correct.

So, the code's objective function is correct.

In conclusion, to improve the code, perhaps:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses by varying parameters further.
2. Use a better hyperparameter setup for differential evolution (e.g., larger population, more iterations).
3. Use more refinement steps with SLSQP.
4. Try different optimization methods or combinations.

But since the code is already using differential evolution and SLSQP, maybe the next step is to adjust the parameters.

For example, in differential evolution, increasing the mutation and recombination parameters to allow for more exploration. For instance, setting mutation=(0.6, 0.95) instead of (0.5, 0.95) to increase diversity.

Also, increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution, but the code uses maxiter=50. Maybe increasing that to 100, but this would take more time.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial guesses.

Another possible improvement: using the initial_h_values as the starting point and then performing a more thorough optimization. For example, using the SLSQP method with more iterations.

But the previous code already does some refinement steps.

Another idea: using a genetic algorithm with a different crossover and mutation strategy. However, scipy's optimization might not have a GA implementation, but differential evolution is a type of evolutionary algorithm.

In summary, the main changes would be:

- Generate more initial guesses with varied parameters.
- Tune the hyperparameters of differential evolution and SLSQP.
- Add more refinement steps.

So, modifying the code accordingly.

Specifically, in the guesses section, instead of fixed frequencies and duty cycles, perhaps generating more guesses by varying the parameters more widely. For example, for the pulses, using frequencies from 2 to 10, and duty cycles from 0.1 to 0.9. Similarly for sawtooth and triangle.

Also, adding more initial guess types, like random binary arrays, and maybe even other waveforms like square waves.

Additionally, adjusting the differential evolution parameters to allow for more exploration.

So, revising the code:

In the code's guesses section, expand the range of frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe for pulses, frequencies from 2 to 10, duty cycles from 0.1 to 0.9. For sawtooth, same. Also, perhaps add more guesses like random binary arrays.

But since the initial_h_values is already provided, perhaps the code should use that as one of the initial guesses.

Additionally, the code can include random initial guesses generated by selecting random positions and setting them to 1, ensuring the sum is correct.

But how to generate such random arrays quickly.

Another approach: generate a random binary array where the number of 1s is n_points/2. For example, using numpy.random.choice to generate a binary array with sum equal to n_points/2.

But since n_points is even? Well, the initial_h_values has sum n_points / 2, so the code ensures that sum is correct.

So, the code can generate a random initial guess by setting random positions to 1 and others to 0, then using that as a guess.

But generating this could be done as:

random_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
random_indices = np.random.choice(n_points, size=int(n_points/2), replace=False)
random_guess[random_indices] = 1.0

Then, this can be added to the guesses list.

However, generating such random guesses may take some time, but since they're generated once, it's manageable.

So, adding this to the guesses list could provide more diversity.

Putting it all together, the code could generate more initial guesses. Then, perform differential evolution with larger parameters and more iterations.

Additionally, in the refinement steps, increasing the number of iterations.

Another idea: using a smaller population size in differential evolution but more generations.

But this is speculative.

Given all this, the revised code would include:

- More initial guesses with varied parameters.
- Adjusted hyperparameters for differential evolution.
- More refinement steps.

Thus, the final code would be an improved version of the previous one, with more initial guesses and possibly adjusted optimization parameters.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    
    def generate_random_guess():
        indices = np.random.choice(n_points, size=int(n_points//2), replace=False)
        guess = np.zeros(n_points, dtype=float)
        guess[indices] = 1.0
        return guess
    
    for _ in range(3):
        guesses.append(generate_random_guess())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 1.0), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```