<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876, so lower is better. The previous program used an initial guess and tried different optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a way to improve this.

First, let me recall the problem. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k. The overlap integral is calculated as the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since we're dealing with step functions, the function h is piecewise constant, and we sample it at n_points points.

So the previous code uses scipy.optimize functions, starting from an initial guess and trying various optimization methods. But perhaps there's a better approach. Let me think about possible improvements.

One idea is to consider different starting points. The initial_h_values might be a local minimum, so maybe starting from other configurations could lead to better results. For example, using different pulse or wave patterns as initial guesses might explore more of the solution space.

Another thought is to use more sophisticated optimization techniques. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a combination of different methods, or adjusting the parameters for these methods, could help. Also, maybe using a local search after a global one could refine the solution further.

But wait, the problem says to try something different than the previous algorithm. So maybe instead of starting from initial guesses and refining, I could think of a different approach. For example, maybe using a genetic algorithm with a more efficient selection process, or using a Bayesian optimization method. However, given the time constraints (100 seconds), the computations need to be efficient.

Alternatively, maybe there's a mathematical insight I can use. The Erdős problem is related to minimizing the maximum overlap, which resembles a covering problem. Perhaps constructing a function that has certain symmetry or periodicity could help, such as a function that's designed to have uniform overlap with shifts.

Another angle: the previous code tried several wave functions (pulses, sawtooth, triangle), but maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, using more varying frequencies or different duty cycles. Or perhaps combining different waveforms.

Also, in the previous code, when refining the solution, they used SLSQP with some iterations. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or adjusting the tolerance could help. But I need to be careful with the time budget.

Another idea is to use a different discretization. The previous code uses 45 samples. Maybe a higher n_points could lead to a better solution, but the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. However, with n_points of 45, perhaps the current approach can be optimized.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method for the initial exploration. For example, particle swarm optimization (PSO) or other metaheuristics that are efficient for high-dimensional spaces. But the previous code already uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method.

Wait, the problem says that the current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876, which is very close. So even a small improvement could be significant. Perhaps the previous code's initial guess is already close, so we need to find a way to fine-tune it.

Another thought: the overlap integral for a given shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). Since h is a step function, this integral is the sum over intervals where h(x) and h(x + k) are non-zero. But since we're dealing with a step function, the integral can be approximated by the product of the lengths of the segments where h(x) and 1 - h(x + k) are active.

But maybe there's a way to model this as a linear programming problem. However, the integral over all shifts is a max over k, which is a non-linear constraint.

Alternatively, think about the problem as follows: we need to minimize the maximum of all possible overlaps. This is similar to a game where the function h is chosen to be as "spread out" as possible, so that shifting it by any k doesn't result in a large overlap.

Another approach is to consider that the function h should be constructed such that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized. One possible construction is a periodic function with a certain period, but since the domain is [0,2], maybe a function that repeats every certain interval. For example, dividing the interval into regions where h is 1 or 0, but arranged in a way that no shift causes too much overlap.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be based on some periodic construction. For example, maybe it's a function that has a certain pattern that repeats every 0.5 units, leading to a controlled overlap. But how?

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that consists of several pulses spaced evenly. For example, if the function has pulses at positions that are spread out, then shifting them would reduce the overlap. However, the problem is to find the optimal arrangement.

Another idea is to use a binary optimization approach. Since h is a step function, it can be represented as a binary vector (though in the problem it's allowed to have values between 0 and 1). But perhaps the optimal solution is a binary function, which can be modeled as a combinatorial optimization problem. However, with the n_points being 45, a binary approach would be a 45-dimensional problem, which might be too large for standard solvers.

But the previous code uses numerical optimization, which is a continuous approach. Maybe using a better optimization strategy, such as a combination of global and local search, could help. For example, running differential evolution with a larger population and more iterations, then using SLSQP to refine the solution.

In the previous code, the differential evolution was run with popsize=60, maxiter=40. Maybe increasing the maxiter or adjusting the mutation parameters could find better solutions. Also, using a higher population size might explore the search space more thoroughly.

Another idea is to use a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function. The previous code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which might be slow for large n_points. But since the problem allows for n_points up to, say, 300, it's manageable. However, using a vectorized approach with efficient computation might help.

Wait, the evaluation of the overlap integral is done with np.correlate, which for each shift k computes the integral. But perhaps there's a way to compute the maximum of the cross-correlation more efficiently, or to find a way to model the constraints better.

Alternatively, since the problem is to find the maximum over all shifts k of the overlap, maybe we can model this as a maximization problem with certain constraints. For example, the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx can be rewritten as the integral over x of h(x) dx - integral over x of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) is 1, the first term is 1. So the overlap integral becomes 1 - integral over x of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum of this over k is equivalent to maximizing the minimal integral of h(x)h(x + k) over k. Wait, but the problem is to minimize the maximum of the overlap integral, which is 1 - integral h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum of this is equivalent to maximizing the minimal integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx over k.

This seems like a dual problem. Maybe this perspective can help in formulating the optimization problem differently.

But how does that help? Perhaps by considering the cross-correlation between h and itself, but since we're dealing with the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx, which is the autocorrelation function. So the maximum of this autocorrelation over k would be the value we want to minimize, since the overlap integral is 1 minus that.

Wait, the autocorrelation function of h is defined as the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. So, the overlap integral we want to minimize is 1 - the autocorrelation at shift k. Therefore, the problem reduces to minimizing the maximum autocorrelation value over all shifts k.

So, the problem is equivalent to finding a function h with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum of its autocorrelation over all k. This is a well-known problem in signal processing, where minimizing the maximum autocorrelation is linked to spread spectrum techniques and codes with low autocorrelation.

In this case, the goal is similar to designing a binary sequence (or in our case, a function) with low maximum autocorrelation, which is related to the concept of a "low autocorrelation binary sequence" or "optimal code".

Given that, perhaps there are known constructions or techniques that can be adapted here. For example, using a Barker sequence or other optimal codes, but since our domain is [0,2] and h is a step function, we need to adapt these ideas.

However, given the time constraints, perhaps using a genetic algorithm approach could be more effective than the previous methods, especially if we can tailor the fitness function and selection process.

But the previous code already uses differential evolution and SLSQP. Perhaps the key is to adjust the parameters of these methods or to find better initial guesses.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed initial guess and a set of initial guesses based on pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves. Maybe generating more varied initial guesses could help. For example, including random perturbations of the initial guess, or using different frequency combinations.

Alternatively, perhaps using a random restart strategy, where the optimization starts from different initial points and then the best is chosen.

Another point: in the previous code, when refining, they run SLSQP with 150 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could lead to better refinements. However, this might be limited by time.

Also, the previous code runs differential evolution with 60 population members and 40 iterations, which is a good start, but maybe the mutation parameters can be adjusted. For example, using a higher mutation rate could explore more of the search space, but might also lead to slower convergence.

Moreover, the current code uses a fixed number of refinement steps, but maybe allowing more iterations in the refinement stage, especially if the best solution found so far is very close to the target, could help.

Another thing to consider is that the correlation is calculated over all shifts k. The maximum occurs at certain shifts, so perhaps focusing the optimization on those specific shifts could help. But how? It's challenging to model that in the optimization.

Alternatively, since the problem is convex? No, because the objective is a max of non-linear functions, so the problem is not convex. Therefore, we need to rely on global optimization techniques, which are computationally expensive.

In summary, to improve the previous approach, perhaps:

1. Use a better initial guess. The initial_h_values might be the starting point, but generating more varied initial guesses (like different waveforms, random perturbations, etc.) might help avoid local minima.

2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods to ensure they explore the search space more thoroughly before converging.

3. Use a combination of global and local optimization methods, such as first running differential evolution to find a good starting point and then refining with SLSQP.

4. Try different heuristic-based initial guesses, such as those with more symmetric or periodic structures.

5. Increase the number of refinement steps or adjust the tolerance to find a better solution.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the most effective way is to tweak the previous code to use more aggressive parameters in differential evolution and SLSQP. Also, perhaps using more initial guesses based on different waveforms could help.

Another improvement could be to generate more initial guesses. For example, include more frequencies and duty cycles for the pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Or generate random binary patterns and use them as initial guesses.

Also, when using differential evolution, the mutation parameters (like (0.6, 0.95)) might be adjusted. Maybe increasing the mutation rate could help find better solutions.

Another idea is to use the current best solution from the differential evolution step and then apply a local search (like SLSQP) to refine it further. This is what the previous code does, but maybe with more iterations.

Another possible change: in the previous code, the initial_h_values is used as the first guess. Maybe generating a few variations of this initial guess, such as adding small random perturbations, could lead to better results.

Additionally, the code could try to generate initial guesses based on different combinations of pulses and sawtooth waves. For example, combining different frequencies and duty cycles to create a diverse set of starting points.

Now, considering that the previous code uses n_points=45, which is manageable. The code should be optimized to run within 100 seconds. Let me think about possible code changes.

In the current code, after generating initial guesses from pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves, it uses SLSQP to refine each guess. Then, runs differential evolution. Then, refines again with SLSQP.

Perhaps, instead of trying a fixed set of guesses, the code could generate more guesses, or use different methods. However, generating more guesses might take time, but perhaps it's worth it for the improvement.

Another approach: since the target is very close to the current record, maybe focusing on refining the existing solution with more aggressive optimization steps.

Also, using a different optimization method, such as using the COBYLA method for the SLSQP steps, which is suitable for bounds-constrained optimization.

Alternatively, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm for the initial steps, but that might not be as effective as differential evolution.

Another idea: in the previous code, the cons function checks the sum of h_vals equals target_sum. This is a constraint. However, the objective function is the max correlation. So, the optimization problem is to minimize the maximum of the correlations, subject to the integral constraint.

Alternatively, the problem could be transformed into a min-max optimization problem, which might be approached with different strategies, but I'm not sure.

In terms of code structure, perhaps the main changes would be:

- More varied initial guesses, such as more frequencies and duty cycles in the pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions.

- Adjusting the parameters of differential evolution (mutation, recombination, etc.) to explore more thoroughly.

- Increasing the number of refinement steps with SLSQP to further optimize the solution.

- Adding more initial guesses based on different patterns, such as random binary patterns or other waveforms.

Another point: the current code uses a fixed set of frequencies for the pulses, sawtooth, and triangle. Perhaps expanding this set could lead to better initial guesses. For example, including more frequencies in the pulse and sawtooth functions.

Also, considering the previous code's initial guess is based on some prior solution, maybe generating initial guesses that are perturbations of the initial_h_values could help. For example, adding noise to the initial_h_values and using those as initial guesses for the optimization.

In code, this could be done by generating a few random variations of the initial_h_values and using them as starting points for the optimization.

Another possible optimization is to precompute the correlation for the initial guesses and select the best ones, which can then be refined further.

In the current code, the differential evolution is run with 60 population size and 40 iterations. Increasing the number of iterations or population size could allow for better exploration, but might take more time. However, since the budget is 100 seconds, it's a balance between exploration and exploitation.

Additionally, in the refinement steps, the code runs SLSQP with 150 iterations. Increasing this number, say to 200 or 300, might allow for better convergence, but again, time is a constraint.

Another idea: combining the initial guesses with more complex patterns. For example, using a combination of pulses and a more complex waveform. However, this would require more code.

Overall, the plan is to adjust the initial guesses, use more thorough optimization steps, and perhaps refine the solution more aggressively. Let me outline the changes needed in the code:

1. Generate more varied initial guesses, perhaps expanding the frequencies and duty cycles used for the pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions.

2. Adjust the parameters of differential evolution (mutation, recombination) to explore the search space more effectively.

3. Increase the number of refinement steps with SLSQP to further optimize the solution.

4. Include perturbations of the initial_h_values as additional initial guesses.

5. Use a different method for some of the initial steps, such as using COBYLA or other optimization methods.

But the code must fit within the 300 lines limit and concise source constraints. Therefore, the code should be as efficient as possible.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with specific frequencies and duties. Let's consider expanding that. For example, adding more frequencies and duties.

Another point: the initial code uses 0.5, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4 for duty cycles. Maybe adding more points there.

Now, putting this into code: perhaps modifying the guesses section to include more frequencies and duties.

Additionally, including random guesses. For example, generating a set of random binary vectors (but since the problem allows h to be in [0,1], maybe generating random vectors with a random pattern, but ensuring the sum constraint).

But generating random vectors would take time. Alternatively, generating random perturbations of the initial_h_values.

Another approach: Since the code already uses the initial_h_values, adding a few perturbations of it as initial guesses might help.

In terms of code changes, I'll need to adjust the guesses section to include more variations.

Moreover, in the optimization steps, perhaps increasing the number of iterations in the SLSQP steps or changing the method parameters could help.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses 'SLSQP' with ftol=1e-11. Maybe adjusting the ftol to a higher value, allowing for a quicker convergence, while still achieving a good solution.

In the code, the 'run' function is called with the seed, budget time, etc. The previous code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. So in the new code, perhaps we can generate more initial guess variations.

Also, the code currently uses the 'gen_pulses', 'gen_saw', 'gen_tri' functions. Maybe there's a way to generate more diverse functions.

Putting all this together, the code would need to:

- Generate more initial guesses.

- Adjust the differential evolution parameters.

- Perform more refinement steps.

- Possibly include perturbations of the initial_h_values.

Now, translating this into code.

In the code, the initial guesses are generated with:

for freq in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    guesses.append(gen_tri(3, duty))

I can expand this to add more frequencies and duties. For example, adding more frequencies like 9, 10, etc. and more duty cycles like 0.1, 0.6, 0.7.

Also, adding some random variations of the initial_h_values. For instance, generating a few random vectors with small perturbations.

Alternatively, since the initial_h_values is a known vector, perhaps adding a few perturbations to it as initial guesses.

Another possible change is to use different waveforms, like combining pulses and sawtooth.

But given the code length constraints, perhaps the main changes are to increase the number of frequencies and duties, and add some random perturbations.

Also, adjusting the differential evolution parameters, such as increasing the mutation range or recombination rate.

In terms of code, here's how it would look:

- In the guesses section, expand the frequencies and duties.

- Add a few perturbations of the initial_h_values.

- Adjust the differential evolution parameters.

- Possibly increase the number of refinement steps.

Moreover, in the code, after the initial guesses, the code runs differential evolution and then refinement. Perhaps the differential evolution could be run with more iterations or a larger population.

Another thing: the current code uses 'differential_evolution' with 'popsize=60', which is a decent size. Maybe increasing this to 80 or 100 would allow for more diversity, but again, time is limited.

Putting this into code, I can modify the loops for frequencies and duties, add more options, and generate extra guesses.

Also, adding a few random guesses. For example, generating a few initial guesses by randomizing the initial_h_values slightly.

Another thing to note is that in the previous code, after generating the initial guesses, the code runs SLSQP on each guess. But if the number of guesses increases, this might take more time. However, since the code has a budget of 100 seconds, it's manageable.

Another possible improvement: using a different method for some of the initial steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm with crossover and mutation, but given the time constraints, it's better to stick with differential evolution and SLSQP.

Now, considering all these changes, the code would look like:

- Expand the frequency and duty cycle ranges in the guesses.

- Add some random variations of the initial_h_values as guesses.

- Perhaps increase the number of refinement steps.

- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution.

But to fit within the code length and token limits, the code must be concise.

In the end, the code would need to be modified as follows:

1. Increase the number of frequencies and duty cycles in the initial guesses.

2. Add some perturbations of the initial_h_values as guesses.

3. Adjust the differential evolution parameters to explore more thoroughly.

4. Increase the number of refinement steps with SLSQP.

So, let's modify the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_tri(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = 2 * np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) - 1
        return np.clip(wave * duty, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(3, duty))
    for _ in range(3):
        pert = np.random.normal(0, 0.05, n_points)
        guesses.append(h + pert)
        guesses.append(np.clip(h + pert, 0, 1))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=80, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.98), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```