<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is even lower, like 0.380876. The task is to modify the existing code to achieve this.

First, I need to understand what the previous code did. It started with an initial H_values array and used various guess functions (pulses, sawtooth, triangle) to generate different shapes. Then it used SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize the function, trying to minimize the overlap integral. The main idea is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap when shifted by different k.

The problem with the previous approach was that it might get stuck in local optima. Maybe I can improve by changing the initial guesses, the optimization method, or adding more sophisticated heuristics. Let me think about possible strategies.

One thought is to use different starting points. The previous code used initial_h_values, which might not be the best. Maybe exploring other shapes, like more complex waveforms or patterns that could better distribute the mass to minimize overlaps.

Another idea is to use different optimization techniques. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution. Perhaps combining them with other methods or increasing the population size in differential evolution could help find better solutions.

Also, the previous code used a fixed number of guesses. Maybe generating more varied initial guesses could help escape local minima. For example, varying frequencies, duty cycles, or combining different wave types.

Another aspect is the evaluation function. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the convolution result. Maybe there's a way to compute the max overlap more accurately or efficiently. However, the current approach seems correct.

I should also consider the constraints. The sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. The previous code used an equality constraint, which is correct. But maybe tightening the constraints or using more advanced optimization settings could improve the result.

Another idea: perhaps using a genetic algorithm with more sophisticated mutation and crossover strategies. Alternatively, using Bayesian optimization to explore the search space more intelligently. However, given the time budget, these might be too complex.

Alternatively, maybe using a more systematic approach. For example, starting from the initial_h_values, applying gradient-based optimization but with better starting points. Or using multiple starting points and combining the results.

Wait, the previous code used several guess functions, but perhaps adding more variations. For example, generating asymmetric pulses, or using more complex waveforms. Also, perhaps combining multiple waveforms into a composite function.

Another thing is the refinement steps. The previous code refined the solution a few times with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or using a better initial guess for those steps.

Also, the initial code used 45 samples. Maybe using a larger number of samples could help, but the problem says smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. However, the user's previous code used 45, and the target is to find a better bound. Maybe trying with more samples could help, but the time budget is tight. Wait, the user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So the previous method used n=45. Maybe keeping n=45 is better for speed, but perhaps trying with n=60?

But I need to fit everything into the 100-second budget. Let me think about possible code changes.

Possible changes:

1. Use different initial guesses: maybe generate more varied initial functions. For example, using different frequencies and duty cycles, or more complex waveforms.

2. Use more sophisticated optimization methods. Instead of SLSQP and differential evolution, perhaps use COBYLA or another method, or combine them in a different way.

3. Increase the number of iterations or the population size in differential evolution.

4. Use a better starting point by improving the initial guesses. For example, instead of just pulses and sawtooth, generate more types of functions.

Alternatively, maybe consider that the current code uses the initial_h_values as the starting point, but maybe the initial_h_values isn't the best. Perhaps generating a different initial guess that's more promising.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal function has certain symmetry or periodicity properties. For example, arranging the function in such a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. Perhaps using a more structured approach, like dividing the interval [0,2] into segments with certain properties.

But how to translate this into code? Maybe creating a function that has a periodic structure, like a combination of different pulses or a more complex waveform.

Alternatively, using a greedy approach: iteratively adjust the function to minimize the maximum overlap. But this might be too slow.

Another thought: the previous code used SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the maxiter or adjusting the tolerance could lead to better results. Also, using more aggressive settings in the optimization steps.

Wait, the code uses SLSQP with ftol=1e-11, which is very tight. Maybe that's leading to some numerical issues or getting stuck in local minima. Perhaps relaxing the tolerance slightly could allow for better convergence.

But the user wants to find the best possible solution within 100 seconds. So, perhaps trying different strategies, like using a combination of methods, more varied initial guesses, and better parameter tuning.

Another possible change: instead of using all the different guess functions, focus on certain types. For example, using a combination of pulses and triangle waves, but with different parameters.

Also, the current code uses a list of guesses, then applies SLSQP to each. Maybe generating more guesses or varying the parameters more could help.

Alternatively, for the initial guesses, generate random functions that satisfy the constraints, and then optimize them. But that might be computationally expensive.

Wait, the previous code starts with the initial_h_values, which is provided. But if that's not the best starting point, maybe generating a different initial guess could help. For example, using a random initial guess that meets the sum constraint.

But the problem says that when initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So I shouldn't replace it. But maybe I can generate other initial guesses based on the initial_h_values. For example, perturbing it slightly or applying some transformations.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess that's a better approximation to the optimal solution. For example, perhaps combining multiple waveforms with different parameters.

Another idea: instead of using fixed frequencies and duty cycles, maybe using more adaptive generation. For example, varying frequencies and duty cycles in a more systematic way.

But how to parameterize that? For example, for the pulse function, trying different frequencies and duty cycles. But maybe that's already part of the previous code.

Another possible optimization is to use the fact that the overlap integral is maximized over k, which is equivalent to the maximum of the cross-correlation. So, maybe the problem can be viewed as minimizing the maximum cross-correlation between h and 1 - h. 

In signal processing, minimizing the maximum cross-correlation is similar to spread spectrum techniques. Perhaps using a codebook or certain structured sequences, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, thinking about the function h as a binary signal (but here it's a step function), but since it's a continuous function, perhaps modeling it as a periodic function with certain properties.

But I need to translate this into code. Let's think about the code again.

The previous code uses several guess functions: pulses, sawtooth, triangle. It generates a list of these functions with different parameters and then applies the SLSQP optimization to each. Then, it uses differential evolution to further explore the space.

Maybe the key improvement is to generate more initial guesses, or to use different heuristics for generating these guesses. For example, using more varied waveforms, or combining multiple waveforms into a composite function.

Another idea is to use a different optimization method for the initial steps. Instead of SLSQP, maybe use a global optimization technique like genetic algorithms, which can explore the search space more thoroughly.

But the user already used differential evolution, which is a global method. Maybe combining differential evolution with local optimization steps (like SLSQP) is the right approach.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points). The initial_h_values has n=45. Maybe increasing n_points could allow for a more precise function, but at the cost of more computation time. However, the user might prefer smaller n_points for faster optimization.

Alternatively, trying with n_points=60, which is still under 1k. Let's check: n_points=60 would have dx=2/60=0.0333, which is manageable.

But how to decide? The previous code uses n=45. If I increase n, the optimization might be slower, but perhaps it can find a better solution. However, the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. So perhaps keeping n=45 is better.

So, back to the code. Let me think about possible modifications:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses. The previous code generates pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves with different parameters. Maybe adding other functions, like square waves, or combinations of these.

2. Use different optimization settings. For example, adjusting the population size in differential evolution, increasing the number of iterations, or trying different methods.

3. Improve the refinement steps. The code performs refinement steps with SLSQP. Maybe using more iterations here or varying the parameters.

4. Use a different initial guess, like a random one that meets the sum constraint. Although the user says to use initial_h_values if available, perhaps generating alternative initial guesses based on it could help.

Wait, the problem states that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So the code should not generate a different initial guess. However, the code proceeds to generate other guesses, which might not be necessary. Maybe the initial_h_values is already a good starting point, and the code's previous approach is sufficient. However, the user's previous code achieved a C5 of 0.381142, which is worse than the target 0.380876. So, perhaps the code can be improved.

Another possible idea: the overlap is computed as max_k (integral h(x) (1 - h(x +k)) dx). To minimize this, the function h(x) should be designed such that when shifted by any k, the product h(x) (1-h(x+k)) is minimized in its maximum value.

Perhaps, the optimal h(x) is a function that is as "spread out" as possible, so that when shifted, the overlap between h and 1-h is minimized. This is similar to the concept of binary sequences with minimal cross-correlation, but here it's a continuous function.

A possible approach is to use a function that is composed of multiple segments with different values, arranged to maximize the spacing between regions where h is 1 and 0. For example, a function that has periodic on/off patterns, but with a high duty cycle.

Alternatively, using a function that has overlapping regions with low density to avoid high overlaps when shifted.

Another thought: since the integral is over x in [0,2], and k can be any value such that x +k is in [0,2]. When k is a shift, the overlap is the integral over x where h(x) and 1 - h(x +k) are both non-zero. So, the maximum value of this integral would correspond to the maximum overlap between the function h and the shifted function.

So, the problem is to design h such that for all k, the overlap integral is as small as possible.

One possible candidate is a function that is a periodic function with certain symmetry. For example, a square wave. But since the interval is length 2, perhaps using a square wave with a certain period and duty cycle.

Another idea is to use a function that is the sum of multiple pulses spaced in such a way that their shifts do not overlap significantly. However, since the function must integrate to 1 over [0,2], the pulses can't be too frequent.

Alternatively, think of the function as a binary indicator function where the 1s are spread out in the interval. For example, placing them in such a way that each 1 is as far as possible from other 1s. But this is similar to the concept of binary codes with minimal correlation.

But since the function is continuous, it's not binary. However, the step function approach-could be modeled as a binary sequence with certain properties.

Another idea is to use a function that is a union of multiple intervals where h(x) is 1, and the rest is 0. For example, placing the intervals in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

This is similar to designing a binary sequence with minimal maximum cross-correlation. For example, for a binary sequence of length N, the maximal cross-correlation is minimized. However, in this problem, the function is continuous, but we are using a step function.

But the current approach is to model it as a step function with n_points samples. So, the problem becomes similar to finding such a binary sequence (but with 0s and 1s) that when convolved with itself (with a shift), the maximum is minimized.

In the discrete case, the optimal solution is known for certain cases. However, this is a continuous problem, but the step function is a discretized version.

Another approach is to use a function that is the indicator function of a set of points spread out in [0,2], such that their shifts do not overlap much. For example, placing the intervals in such a way that when shifted, the overlap between h and 1-h is minimized.

But how to translate this into a practical algorithm for optimization?

Perhaps the key is to use a more systematic approach for generating initial guesses. Instead of random guesses, generating structured functions that are likely to have better properties.

For example, using a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that maximizes the spacing between 1s. For example, a function that has 1s placed periodically, but with certain spacing.

But generating such a function requires knowing the optimal spacing, which is not known. However, perhaps using a function with a periodic structure and varying the parameters.

Alternatively, using a function composed of multiple pulses with different widths and positions.

But in the code, the current approach generates pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more types of functions could help.

Another thought: the code uses the initial_h_values and then generates other initial guesses. However, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point. Perhaps the code could focus more on refining the initial_h_values, rather than generating many guesses.

Alternatively, maybe the current approach is too scattered and could benefit from focusing on a smaller set of promising initial guesses.

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization method for the refinement steps. For example, using the conjugate gradient method or other gradient-based methods if the problem is smooth enough.

But given the discontinuous nature of the function (h(x) is a step function), the objective function might be non-smooth. However, the optimization methods used (SLSQP, differential evolution) should handle this to some extent.

Another point: the current code uses 'ftol' of 1e-11 in SLSQP, which is very tight. Maybe this is causing the optimization to take too long, or get stuck. Perhaps reducing the tolerance slightly could allow for faster convergence.

But how to balance that? If the tolerance is too loose, the solution might not be good enough. However, the user's previous code had a C5 of 0.381142, which is higher than the target. So, perhaps the code could be adjusted to find better solutions.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed set of guess functions, generate a set of candidate functions based on the initial_h_values. For example, taking the initial_h_values and applying some transformations to create variations that might lead to better solutions.

For example, adding small perturbations to the initial_h_values, or replacing certain segments with different values.

But generating these variations algorithmically might be complex.

Alternatively, using a model-based approach where the search is guided by some prior knowledge. For instance, using the properties of optimal functions for similar problems.

But without knowing the specific properties, this is challenging.

Another possible change is to use parallel optimization steps, but since only one CPU is available, that's not feasible.

Considering all these possibilities, perhaps the main changes to the code would be:

- Generating more varied initial guesses that are likely to lead to better solutions.

- Adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods (e.g., increasing the population size in differential evolution, changing the number of iterations).

- Using a different set of initial guesses, such as a combination of different waveforms with various frequencies and duty cycles.

- Improving the refinement steps by using more optimization iterations or different methods.

Let me think about how to implement these changes in code.

First, the initial code has a list of guess functions. The previous code generated pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Perhaps adding more types, like square waves, or random functions that meet the sum constraint.

But generating square waves is similar to pulses. Alternatively, generating other periodic functions with different characteristics.

Another idea: for the frequency parameter in the pulse function, instead of using fixed values, use a range of values. For example, using a range from 2 to 5, and different duty cycles.

Alternatively, generating random initial guesses that satisfy the sum constraint. For example, creating a random array where the sum is n_points/2, and then optimizing it.

But the user's initial_h_values is provided, and the code is supposed to use it if available. So, the code could start with the initial_h_values and then generate other guesses based on it.

Alternatively, perhaps the code could focus on the initial_h_values and refine it more thoroughly.

Wait, the code in the previous version starts with the initial_h_values and then generates other guesses. But maybe the initial_h_values is not the best starting point. What if we generate a different initial guess that is better?

But according to the problem statement, if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So, the code must use that as the starting point.

So, perhaps the initial_h_values is the best starting point, and the code's current approach is to generate other guesses based on it. Maybe the code could use a different set of guesses that are more varied.

Another possible change: instead of using a fixed set of guesses, generate multiple initial guesses using different waveforms and parameters, then optimize each and take the best.

Alternatively, consider that the initial_h_values might be a good starting point for one of the guess functions, and the code could focus on refining that.

But given that the code is already doing this, maybe the main improvements are in the optimization steps.

Another possible optimization is to use a more efficient way to compute the correlation. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full'. However, for a step function over [0,2], the shift k can range such that x +k is in [0,2]. Therefore, the valid range of k is [-2, 2], but since the function is periodic, perhaps the correlation can be computed over a limited range.

Wait, the integral is over x in [0,2], and for each k, the integral is computed as ∫ h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. But x +k needs to be in [0,2], so the shift k is in range where x +k ∈ [0,2]. So for x in [0,2], when k is between -x and 2 -x. But integrating over all x, the overlap for each k is determined by the valid x's where both x and x+k are in [0,2].

This is a bit complex to compute. However, the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the correlation for all possible shifts. But for infinite shifts, it's not accurate. However, in the code, the dx is 2/n_points, so the code is discretizing the function into samples and computing the correlation based on the discretized samples. This might not be exact, but it's a standard approach.

Therefore, the current approach for evaluating C5 is correct.

Now, thinking about the code's structure, perhaps the following changes could be made:

1. Increase the number of iterations in the differential evolution steps, or increase the population size.

2. Use different initial guesses that might better approximate the optimal solution.

3. Use a more sophisticated optimization method during the refinement steps.

4. Add additional initial guess functions, such as square waves or other waveforms.

Let me consider adding more initial guess functions. For example, a square wave function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a periodic fashion. This could potentially lead to better overlap properties.

Another idea is to generate a function that is a combination of multiple pulses, each with different widths and positions. However, generating such functions algorithmically is non-trivial.

Alternatively, using functions with more complex shapes, like sinusoidal waves with varying frequencies.

But how to implement this in code? Let's think about adding a new guess function, say, a square wave.

A square wave can be generated as a function that alternates between 0 and 1 periodically. For example:

def gen_square(freq, duty):
    x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
    wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
    return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

Wait, this is similar to the pulse function, but with a more periodic structure. However, the duty cycle might affect how the square wave is shaped.

Alternatively, using a square wave with a higher frequency. But again, this is similar to existing guess functions.

Alternatively, generating a function that is the sum of multiple square waves. But this is getting complex.

Alternatively, using a function that is the sum of multiple pulses with varying positions and widths.

However, generating these algorithmically is challenging, especially within the time constraints.

Another thought: the current code uses a lot of guess functions, but perhaps the number is too large, leading to redundant evaluations. Maybe reducing the number of guesses could allow for more efficient optimization.

Alternatively, using a different strategy for generating initial guesses. For example, using a random walk approach to perturb the initial_h_values and generate initial guesses around it.

But how to implement this? For instance, generating random variations of the initial_h_values that still satisfy the sum constraint.

But this could be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the first guess, and then generating other guesses by applying some transformations, like shifting the function, scaling, or modulating certain sections.

But again, implementing such transformations in code would require careful handling.

Another idea: instead of generating guess functions with fixed parameters, generate them with varying parameters. For example, for pulses, varying frequency and duty cycle over a range.

The previous code uses frequencies like 3,4,5,... and duty cycles like 0.2, 0.3, etc. Maybe expanding this range could lead to better initial guesses.

For example, for pulses, use frequencies from 2 to 10, and duty cycles from 0.1 to 0.9, and similarly for other functions.

This would increase the number of guesses, but perhaps could lead to better initial positions.

Another possible change is to use different modes for the optimization steps. For example, using COBYLA instead of SLSQP for some steps, or using a hybrid approach.

But given time constraints, implementing all these changes might be too complex.

Another possible improvement is to increase the number of refinement steps or adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.

In the current code, after generating some guesses, it performs two iterations of differential evolution, then four iterations of refinement with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of differential evolution iterations or using a larger population size could yield better results.

For example, changing the maxiter parameter in differential evolution from 50 to 100, or increasing the population size from 100 to 200. However, this would increase computation time, so it needs to be balanced.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed seed. Maybe varying the seed could help avoid local optima, but the seed is fixed at 42.

But since the function is called with a seed, perhaps varying the seed could help generate different initial guesses. However, the user's code uses the same seed for reproducibility.

Putting it all together, I think the code can be improved by:

- Generating more varied initial guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles.

- Adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods to allow better exploration.

- Increasing the number of refinement steps or optimization iterations.

Let me try to code these changes.

First, expanding the guess functions. For pulses, I can increase the frequency range. For example, frequencies from 2 to 8 instead of 3 to 8. Also, adding more duty cycles.

Also, adding a square wave guess function.

Second, adjusting the differential evolution parameters: increasing the population size and maxiter.

Third, increasing the number of refinement steps.

Additionally, the code could use the initial_h_values as the first guess and then apply some random perturbations to it.

Alternatively, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, so the code could focus on optimizing it more thoroughly.

But given that the previous code achieved a C5 of 0.381142, which is higher than the desired 0.380876, the code needs to find a better solution.

Another idea: using different constraint handling. The current code uses an equality constraint for the sum. Maybe using an inequality constraint with a tolerance could allow the optimizer to explore nearby points.

But this is a minor change and might not make a significant difference.

Another approach: using a more aggressive optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients but can handle non-smooth functions.

However, this might not be feasible within the time budget.

Given the time constraints, the best approach might be to refine the initial code by:

1. Generating more varied initial guesses.

2. Increasing the population size and iterations in differential evolution.

3. Using more refinement steps.

4. Adding a square wave guess function.

Let me adjust the code accordingly.

First, generating a square wave guess function.

The gen_square function could be:

def gen_square(freq, duty):
    x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
    return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

Wait, this might be similar to the triangle wave. Alternatively, the square wave can be generated as:

def gen_square(freq, duty):
    x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
    wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
    return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

This would generate a sine wave clamped to [0,1]. For duty=0.5, it's a square wave, but for other duty cycles, it's a modified square wave.

Adding this function to the list of guesses could provide more initial points.

Second, expanding the guess frequencies and duty cycles.

For example, frequencies could be from 2 to 10, and duty cycles from 0.1 to 0.9.

Third, increasing the population size and maxiter in differential evolution to 200 and 100.

Fourth, increasing the number of refinement steps.

Let me implement these changes in code.

However, generating more guesses could increase the number of evaluations, which might take more time. But given that the code has a time budget, it needs to balance between exploration and computation.

Another change: using more refinement steps with SLSQP.

In the code, after the initial guesses, the code performs 2 differential evolution steps and 4 refinement steps with SLSQP. Perhaps increasing this to 3 differential evolution steps and 6 refinement steps.

Also, in the refinement steps, using better optimization parameters.

Finally, the code might benefit from using a different initial guess, like random ones, but given the constraints, the code must use initial_h_values if available.

Putting all this together, here's the revised code:

- Add a new guess function for square wave.

- Expand the range of frequencies and duty cycles in the guess functions.

- Increase the population size and maxiter in differential evolution.

- Increase the number of refinement steps.

- Adjust the tolerance in the optimization steps.

This should help the code explore more possibilities and find a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    global initial_h_values
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_square(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 11):
        for duty in np.linspace(0.1, 0.9, 9):
            guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, duty))
    for freq in range(2, 6):
        for duty in np.linspace(0.1, 0.9, 9):
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
    for freq in range(2, 6):
        for duty in np.linspace(0.1, 0.9, 9):
            guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))
    for freq in range(2, 6):
        for duty in np.linspace(0.1, 0.9, 9):
            guesses.append(gen_square(freq, duty))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(6):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```