<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the goal is to find something better, maybe even lower than 0.380876. The previous approach used a combination of SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA optimization methods with various initial guesses. But maybe there's a better way.

First, I should think about the problem again. The task is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k is minimized. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Because of the periodicity, the maximum is taken over all k, but since the function is on [0,2], shifts beyond that might wrap around, but the integral is evaluated over the full correlation.

The previous code uses initial guesses based on pulses and sawtooth waves, then runs optimization. The problem might be that the initial points are not optimal, leading to local optima. Maybe trying different initializations could help. Also, the optimization methods used might not be the most effective here.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a binary signal with certain autocorrelation properties. Maybe using a more structured approach, like a periodic or symmetric pattern. For example, a piecewise constant function with certain symmetry properties.

Perhaps using a genetic algorithm with a more efficient crossover and mutation strategy. The previous code tried differential evolution, but maybe a custom GA would be better. However, genetic algorithms can be slow, especially with the time budget.

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy approach. For example, iteratively adjusting the function to minimize the maximum overlap. But how to do that effectively?

Wait, the current code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe trying a different optimization strategy, like using a trust-region method or a more global search method. But with time constraints, it's tricky.

Another idea: since the integral is evaluated over all shifts, the maximum overlap is related to the maximum absolute value of the autocorrelation. So, perhaps we need to minimize the maximum absolute value of the autocorrelation of the function h(x) with itself, but with h(x) being a step function. Wait, no, the integral is h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)) dx. If we think of h(x) as a binary indicator function (0 or 1), then the overlap would be the measure of x where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. But since h is a step function, it's a more general case.

But how can I model this? Maybe the problem can be viewed as a convex optimization problem, but the integral is nonlinear and the maximum over k complicates things. Therefore, perhaps we need to use a numerical optimization approach with some heuristics.

The previous code uses initial guesses from pulses and sawtooths. Maybe there's a better way to generate initial points. For example, using a more optimal distribution of the function's values. Maybe using a shifted version of the current initial guess or combining different patterns.

Another thought: the current code has a time budget of 100 seconds. The previous implementation used differential evolution for a few iterations, then refinement with COBYLA. Since time is limited, maybe it's better to focus on a single optimization method with well-tuned parameters. For example, using differential evolution with a higher population size and more iterations, but that might take more time.

Wait, the code has two differential evolution steps. The first one is with 100 population size and 50 maxiter, then a refinement. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but it depends on how long each iteration takes.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is derivative-free and can be effective for certain problems. But it's not clear.

Another approach: since the integral is evaluated over k, perhaps we can model the maximum over k as a constraint. However, the maximum is difficult to handle in optimization. Maybe using a more global search strategy, like simulated annealing, but again, that's time-consuming.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, perhaps we can use a multi-objective optimization approach, trying to balance the different overlaps. But again, this is problem-specific.

Let me think about the previous code's structure. It starts with initial_h_values, which is the current best. Then it generates other initial guesses. Then runs optimization steps. Maybe the initial guesses could be more diverse. For example, trying different waveforms, or different patterns. Also, the current code uses SLSQP with constraints, but sometimes it might get stuck in a local minimum.

Maybe trying to start with a different initial guess would lead to a better solution. The initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but perhaps there are other patterns that are better.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is a periodic function that evenly distributes the peaks. For example, a function that has a certain number of 1s and 0s in a regular pattern. For instance, a function that is 1 for intervals of certain length and 0 otherwise, arranged periodically.

But given the integral constraint (average value 0.5), the total length of the 1s should be 1 in the interval [0, 2]. For example, if we have a periodic function with period 2, then the average is 0.5. So perhaps splitting the interval into several segments where the function is 1, with spacing between them to minimize overlaps.

But how to determine the number of segments and their positions? For example, if we have n segments, each of length l, spaced in a way that their shifts don't overlap too much. However, it's unclear how to model this.

Alternatively, using a more optimal distribution of 1s and 0s. For example, placing the 1s in such a way that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized. This seems similar to a binary code with certain properties, but again, not sure.

Another thought: the maximum overlap corresponds to the worst shift. So, perhaps focusing on reducing the maximum overlap for the most problematic shifts. For example, if the optimal h is such that for shifts that are multiples of a certain value, the overlap is minimized. But how to find such shifts?

Alternatively, since the overlap integral is the same as the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx, which can be rewritten as the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x) h(x +k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) is 1, then the overlap is 1 - integral h(x) h(x +k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap is the same as maximizing the minimum of integral h(x) h(x +k) dx over all k.

So the problem becomes finding h that maximizes, for all k, the overlap between h and h shifted by k. This seems like a problem related to maximizing the minimum correlation, which might have known solutions or strategies.

In signal processing, this might be similar to designing a signal with low autocorrelation, but in this case, the goal is to maximize the minimum cross-correlation. Wait, but in our case, the integral is of h(x) h(x +k), which is the cross-correlation. So the problem is to design h such that cross-correlation with itself is as large as possible for all shifts. Wait, but the previous problem wants to minimize the maximum (1 - cross-correlation), which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum cross-correlation. So the problem reduces to maximizing the minimum cross-correlation of h with itself over all possible shifts. This might be a known problem in coding theory or signal design.

But I'm not sure about the exact terminology. Regardless, perhaps there's a known construction for such an h.

For example, in code design for communications, codes with low cross-correlation are used, but here we want high cross-correlation. But the question is about maximizing the minimum cross-correlation.

If that's the case, then perhaps using a periodic function with certain properties, like a sequence of 1s and 0s designed to have high cross-correlation. But again, without knowing the exact construction, it's hard to proceed.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the previous approach is not sufficient, and I need to try a different optimization strategy.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals (for all k), perhaps using a penalty method where the objective function is the maximum of all the integrals. However, the maximum is a non-smooth function, which might be challenging for gradient-based methods. However, with the differential evolution approach, which is a global optimization method, it might be more effective.

In the previous code, differential evolution was used with a popsize of 100 and maxiter of 50. Maybe increasing the popsize or maxiter would help, but it's limited by the time budget.

Alternatively, using a more efficient differential evolution implementation. For example, setting the parameters to have a better mutation and recombination strategy. The current code uses mutation=(0.6, 0.95) and recombination=0.8. Maybe adjusting these parameters could improve the search.

Another consideration: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (pulses, sawtooths, and random guesses). Maybe adding more diverse initial guesses could help, such as using different waveforms or more complex patterns.

Additionally, the previous code uses SLSQP for refinement. Maybe using a different method for refinement, like COBYLA, could have better convergence.

But given the time budget, the key might be to optimize the differential evolution step. Let me think about how to best use the time.

The initial code starts with initial_h_values, then generates other guesses. Then runs differential evolution for two steps. Perhaps the first step of differential evolution is not sufficient, and a more thorough search could help. However, with the time limit, it's a trade-off.

Another idea: since the problem is about the integral over shifts, perhaps the maximum overlap occurs at specific shifts, such as k = 1, 1/2, etc. Therefore, focusing the optimization on these shifts might help. However, this is not straightforward.

Alternatively, maybe using a multi-start approach with a larger number of initial guesses, but that might take more time.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first run a global optimization method like differential evolution to find a good candidate, then use a local optimization method (like SLSQP or COBYLA) to refine it. This was already done in the previous code.

But the previous code's approach didn't yield a better result than the current best. Maybe there's a way to generate better initial guesses.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point. So perhaps the code should prioritize refining that initial guess more thoroughly. Maybe instead of generating other initial guesses, focusing on optimizing the initial one with more iterations.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses a fixed number of steps for differential evolution. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or population could help. For example, increasing maxiter to 100 and popsize to 150, but that would take more time.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using genetic algorithms with specific parameters.

Wait, the code is written in Python and uses scipy.optimize functions. So, for the differential evolution, the parameters like mutation and recombination could be adjusted. For instance, the mutation parameter (0.6, 0.95) allows for a range of mutation strengths. Maybe adjusting this to a higher mutation range could help escape local optima.

Another thing: the code's time budget is 100 seconds. The previous code uses differential evolution for two steps. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution while keeping the time within budget.

But how to balance between population size, maxiter, and the time taken. For example, increasing the population size may take more time per iteration, but more diversity in the population could lead to better solutions.

Also, the code has a loop where it runs differential evolution twice. Maybe it's better to run it once with higher parameters, and then refine.

Another possible optimization is to precompute all the k shifts that need to be considered. Since the correlation is computed with mode='full', the number of shifts is (n_points * 2 - 1). However, in practice, the maximum overlap might occur at certain shifts, so maybe focusing on those could be more efficient, but in the current code, it's already considering all shifts.

Given all that, the challenge is to find a way to improve the initial solution. 

Let me think about the previous code's output. The current best is C₅ = 0.381142. The goal is to get it lower. 

One idea: using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values could be a good base, but maybe generating other initial guesses based on different patterns.

For example, using a shifted version of the initial_h_values, or using a more regular pattern.

Another approach is to use a block design, where the function h is constructed with certain blocks, like a sequence of 1s and 0s arranged in a periodic way. For example, if the function is 1 for intervals of length l, then the shifts that cause overlaps would be those that are not multiples of l. But designing such a pattern requires careful calculation.

Alternatively, using a more mathematical approach. Let me think about the problem again.

The integral over x of h(x)*(1 - h(x +k)) dx = ∫ h(x) - h(x)h(x +k) dx = 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx.

Therefore, minimizing the maximum of this expression over k is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx over k.

So, our problem reduces to maximizing, over all k, the cross-correlation of h with itself. But since the integral is over the entire domain, and the function is periodic in some way, this might have known solutions.

For example, if h is a binary function (0-1), then the cross-correlation ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx is the measure of overlap between the set where h is 1 and the set where h is 1 shifted by k.

Thus, maximizing the minimum overlap over all k's would be the goal. 

This is similar to designing a binary sequence with maximum autocorrelation. Wait, but in coding theory, there are codes with good autocorrelation properties. For example, the Barker codes have very low autocorrelation, but we want the opposite.

If we could find a binary sequence with high minimum autocorrelation, then that would be optimal. However, for our problem, it's about the minimum cross-correlation over all shifts. So, if we can find such a sequence, then the overlap integral would be minimized.

However, constructing such a sequence is not straightforward. But since the current problem allows h to be a step function with any values in [0,1], not necessarily binary, perhaps a more flexible approach can be taken.

Another idea: using a step function with more segments, such that each segment is carefully placed to avoid overlaps. For example, arranging the 1s in a way that their shifts don't overlap too much. 

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to proceed. 

Let me think about how to modify the previous code. Perhaps using a different initial guess, such as a more evenly spaced set of 1s. For example, if the initial_h_values is a function that has 1s periodically spaced. For instance, if the function has 1s for a certain portion and then 0s, repeating. 

Alternatively, trying to use a regular pattern with certain spacing. For example, if we have a function that is 1 for intervals of length 0.4, then 0 for 0.2, etc., arranged periodically to minimize overlapping when shifted.

But again, without solving the exact optimization, it's hard to say.

Another thought: the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe adding more constraints or tuning the solver's parameters could help. For example, setting tighter tolerances.

Alternatively, perhaps the current code is stuck in a local minimum because of the initial guesses. Therefore, generating more diverse initial guesses is essential.

The previous code generates initial guesses based on pulses and sawtooths. Maybe adding more types of waveforms or random perturbations.

Another possible improvement: instead of using random guesses, generate them based on some structured patterns. For example, using a combination of sinusoids or other functions that have good overlap properties.

Alternatively, using a more mathematical approach for the initial guess. For example, starting with a function that is 0.5 over the entire interval, then perturbing it to have regions where it's higher or lower.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard.

Given the time constraint, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code by generating more diverse initial guesses, using a better optimization strategy, and adjusting parameters of the differential evolution to find a better solution.

So, I'll proceed to make the following changes in the code:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, perhaps adding other waveforms or patterns.
2. Increase the number of iterations and population size in the differential evolution steps.
3. Use different optimization methods for refinement, perhaps switching the order of methods.
4. Tune the parameters of the differential evolution to get better exploration.

But how to implement this in code.

For example, in the previous code, the initial guesses were generated with frequencies 2-8 for pulses and different duties for sawtooths. Adding more frequencies or different waveforms could help.

Alternatively, generating initial guesses with different patterns, like rectangular pulses, sawtooth, triangle, etc. 

Also, the code uses SLSQP for refinement. Maybe using a different method, like L-BFGS-B, which is a conjugate gradient method that could converge faster.

Another idea: after generating initial guesses, run differential evolution with a larger population and more iterations, then refine with COBYLA.

In code, the previous differential evolution step was run twice. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations for the first step.

But given the time budget, it's a balance between thorough exploration and quick iteration.

Another thing: the code uses a fixed n_points. The initial_h_values has 45 samples. Maybe using a higher number of samples could give a better solution, but the problem states that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. Since 45 is much smaller, it's acceptable.

Thus, the code should stay with 45 points.

In code, the initial_h_values is already provided, so starting with that and generating other guesses based on that.

So, the revised code might generate more types of initial guesses, such as:

- Randomly generated guesses with certain patterns.
- Using a grating pattern with different frequencies.
- Using a more evenly distributed sample of 1s and 0s.

But how to generate those.

Alternatively, using a grating-like pattern: for example, a sine wave that is thresholded to 0 or 1.

But to generate such patterns algorithmically, perhaps using functions like sin or sawtooth with certain parameters.

Another idea: using a binary array with 1s spaced evenly. For example, placing 1s at positions that are spaced as evenly as possible. For 45 points and integral 1, the length of 1s would be 45/2 = 22.5 units? Wait, no: the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1. For 45 samples, each with dx=2/45, the sum h must be n_points / 2 = 22.5. So the average value is 0.5.

For example, if we have a binary function with 22.5 units of 1s, which is not possible. So in practice, it's a step function with some regions of 1 and 0. For example, if the function is 1 for a certain length and then 0, the total length must be 1. But in the case of N points, it's more complex.

But to create an initial guess with evenly spaced 1s, we can make a function that is 1 for certain intervals. For example, if the function has a periodic pattern where it is 1 for a certain portion of each period and 0 otherwise.

But to implement that in code, perhaps using a sine function with a certain frequency, then thresholding it.

For example, generating a guess that is a sine wave with a certain frequency and duty cycle, similar to the previous code's gen_pulses and gen_saw functions.

So, the code already generates these. Perhaps adding more frequencies or other waveforms could help.

Another idea: using a different initial guess based on the initial_h_values. For example, creating a shifted version of the initial_h_values, or a variant with some modifications.

In any case, modifying the code to include more initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters is a step forward.

In the previous code, the guesses were generated with frequencies 2-8 for pulses and dutys for sawtooths. Maybe increasing the range of frequencies or adding more types.

But given the time, I'll proceed to modify the existing code by increasing the number of initial guesses and perhaps adjusting the differential evolution parameters.

Thus, the revised code will:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate more initial guesses by varying frequencies and duty cycles for pulses and sawtooths.
- Use differential evolution with higher parameters for better exploration.
- Refine with COBYLA.
- Possibly change the optimization method for refinement.

Now, translating this into code.

First, the code has a gen_pulses and gen_saw functions. We can add more frequencies and dutys.

Also, perhaps generating random initial guesses with more structure.

Another thing: the previous code uses a relatively small number of guesses (e.g., 7 types of initial guesses, plus 5 random guesses). We can increase this number by adding more types.

Additionally, maybe using a different random generation strategy, such as initializing the function to have 1s in certain positions.

But with time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to increase the number of initial guesses.

Another thing: the code uses SLSQP with constraints and a maximum of 300 iterations. Maybe increasing the iteration count could help.

But given the time, it's a trade-off.

In conclusion, the steps to improve the code would be:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses by expanding the frequencies and duties for the pulses and sawtooth functions.
2. Tune the parameters of differential evolution to allow more thorough exploration.
3. Increase the number of iterations in the optimization steps to get better results.
4. Use different optimization methods for refinement.

In code, this would involve modifying the guesses list to include more patterns, adjusting the differential evolution parameters, and possibly changing the refinement method.

Now, implementing this in the code.

The previous code had:

for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))

We can expand the frequencies and duties. For example, more frequencies for pulses, more duties for sawtooths.

Also, adding more waveforms, like a triangle wave, or other patterns.

Alternatively, creating a pulse with different parameters.

Additionally, generating more random guesses.

The code also uses generate_random_guess, which creates a random vector and normalizes it. Perhaps instead of generating 5 random guesses, generating more, like 10.

Another change: perhaps in the differential evolution, use a larger population size and more iterations. For example, setting popsize=150, maxiter=100.

But the time budget is 100 seconds. Each iteration of differential evolution takes some time. Need to estimate how much.

In any case, modifying the code as follows:

- Add more initial guesses by expanding frequencies and duties.

- Increase the number of random guesses.

- Increase the parameters of differential evolution.

- Change the order of optimization methods.

Now, implementing this in code.

Here's the revised code:

The initial code includes functions gen_pulses and gen_saw. To generate more guesses, we can add more frequencies and different duties.

For example:

for freq in range(2, 10):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))

This way, more frequencies and duties are tried.

Also, increase the number of random guesses from 5 to 10.

Then, in the differential evolution step, increase popsize and maxiter.

For example, set popsize=150 and maxiter=100.

Additionally, in the refinement step, use more iterations.

Another change: in the previous code, the refinement uses COBYLA with 200 iterations. Maybe increasing to 500.

But this would take more time, so need to balance.

Another thing: instead of using SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations, use a more aggressive method.

Alternatively, check the code's time usage and adjust parameters accordingly.

In code:

In the differential evolution step:

res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=100, mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)

This would allow more exploration.

Also, in the refinement step, use more iterations.

Another possible change: using the differential evolution result as the initial guess for the next refinement.

Overall, these changes should allow the code to explore more diverse solutions and find a better minimum.

Now, considering all that, the final code would incorporate these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def generate_random_guess():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        total = np.sum(h)
        h *= (target_sum) / total
        return h
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(generate_random_guess())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```