<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA optimization methods starting from an initial guess. However, the current best result is 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. So, I need to find a better construction.

First, I should analyze the existing approach. The previous code starts with an initial_h_values array and then uses various heuristic guesses. Then, it applies SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA to refine the solution. But maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses or optimize the parameters.

Let me think about the problem. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k. The overlap integral is calculated as the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since the function h is a step function, the integral can be approximated by the correlation of h and (1 - h) scaled by dx. 

The current code uses different pulse and sawtooth wave functions as initial guesses. Perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could help avoid local optima. Also, adjusting the optimization parameters or using different optimization algorithms might lead to better results.

Another thing to consider is the discretization. The previous code uses n_points=45 samples. Maybe using a higher number of samples could provide a better approximation, but that might be computationally expensive. However, the problem mentions that smaller sequences are preferred. Maybe starting with the existing 45 samples is better.

Wait, the user wants to find a construction that shows C₅ ≤ 0.380876, which is just below the current record. The previous code's result was 0.381142. So, there's a small gap to close.

What if I try different initializations? The initial_h_values provided might be part of the best known solution, but perhaps generating a different initial guess could lead to a better solution. Also, perhaps using a more sophisticated initial guess based on known patterns or mathematical constructions might help.

Another idea: instead of using random guesses, maybe create structured initial solutions. For example, using a combination of pulses or other periodic functions that might minimize overlap. The previous code tried pulse and sawtooth functions, but maybe more complex patterns could be better.

Alternatively, perhaps using a gradient-based optimization with more refined settings could help. The previous code used SLSQP and COBYLA, but maybe using different constraints or more efficient methods?

Wait, the problem allows using scipy's optimization methods. Maybe using a different combination, like using simulated annealing or genetic algorithms, could explore the search space more effectively. However, the previous code used differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but perhaps adjusting parameters like population size or mutation rates could improve convergence.

Another thought: The current code uses a fixed n_points of 45. But maybe varying n_points could lead to better results. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. So maybe keeping n_points around 45 is better.

Another angle: the overlap integral is maximized over all shifts k. The maximum over k is the C5 value. To minimize this maximum, perhaps the function h should be designed such that the overlap is as uniform as possible. For instance, if h is periodic with certain properties, the overlaps might be balanced.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is over [0,2], and the function is periodic in some way, maybe using a construction that spreads out the 1s and 0s in h to minimize overlaps. For example, if h is a step function with intervals where it's 1 and 0, then the shifts would cause overlaps where the 1s and 0s of the shifted h overlap.

Wait, the initial_h_values provided might be a known good starting point. The previous code uses that as an initial guess. But maybe there are other known constructions or patterns that could be used as initial guesses.

Another approach: instead of using a step function, perhaps consider optimizing over the positions and widths of the intervals where h is 1. This is a more structured approach. For instance, if h is composed of several intervals, perhaps placing these intervals in a way that their shifted versions do not overlap much. However, this might be complex to model, especially for multiple intervals.

Alternatively, using a greedy approach to place intervals where the overlap is minimized. But this might not lead to a global optimum.

Wait, maybe the previous code's initial approach is too slow or doesn't explore the search space thoroughly. Let's think about the optimizations. The previous code uses a combination of different optimization strategies. Maybe the key is to find better initial guesses and then refine them with more efficient methods.

Another idea: use a more sophisticated initial guess by generating a better starting point. For example, using a pattern inspired by the optimal solution for C5. However, without knowing the exact structure, this might be challenging.

Alternatively, since the problem is related to minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe using a Fourier analysis approach. The overlap integral can be expressed in terms of the Fourier coefficients of h. However, I'm not sure how to translate that into an optimization problem.

Another thought: the problem can be viewed as a resource allocation problem. We need to allocate the total area of 1 over the interval [0,2] such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. This is similar to scheduling tasks to avoid overlaps, but in a continuous setting.

Perhaps the current approach of using random and structured initial guesses is missing some key patterns. For instance, using a more symmetric arrangement of the 1s and 0s in h.

Let me consider the current code. It uses a combination of pulse and sawtooth functions. But maybe generating more complex waveforms, like combining multiple frequencies, could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, such as Bayesian optimization, which can adaptively choose the most promising points to evaluate. However, integrating that with the existing code might be complex.

Wait, the user's previous code uses a large number of initial guesses. Each guess is a different waveform (pulse, sawtooth, random) with varying frequencies. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or varying the parameters (like duty cycle) could help.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal solution has certain symmetries. For example, h could be symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], which is 1. This could help in balancing the overlaps when shifted.

Also, considering that the maximum overlap occurs for certain values of k. For example, the maximum might occur at k=1, k=0.5, etc. So, maybe focusing the optimization on ensuring that overlaps at these critical points are minimized.

Another thing to check: the previous code uses a fixed dx value. However, with more samples, the discretization error might be lower, leading to more accurate evaluations. But since the problem prefers smaller n_points for speed, maybe it's better to stick with n_points=45.

But perhaps using a different discretization, such as adaptive sampling, could help. However, that might be more complex and time-consuming.

Let me think about the optimization parameters. The previous code uses SLSQP with maxiter=250 and ftol=1e-10. Maybe reducing the maxiter could speed things up, but with the given time budget, it's important to find a good balance between iterations and time.

Also, the differential evolution step uses popsize=80, which is quite large. Perhaps reducing the popsize to save time? But this might affect the quality of the solution.

Another aspect: the constraints. The problem requires the integral of h to be 1, which translates to sum(h) = n_points / 2. The previous code uses this as a constraint in the optimization. Maybe tightening the constraints or ensuring the solution strictly satisfies them could help.

Also, the objective function is the maximum of the correlation values. To optimize this, the code uses the maximum of the correlation array. However, since the maximum is a non-smooth function, optimization might be challenging. Maybe using a different approach, such as approximating the maximum with a smooth function, could improve convergence.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method like SLSQP, which can handle constraints, might be more effective if the initial guess is good. However, the initial guess might be leading to local minima.

Another idea: instead of using a single function to minimize the maximum overlap, try to minimize the maximum over a subset of the possible shifts. For instance, if certain shifts are more critical, focusing optimization on those shifts could yield better results. However, this would require knowing which shifts are most important, which is not straightforward.

Perhaps the current code's evaluation function is correct, but the optimization steps aren't sufficient. Maybe adding more refinement steps or using a different optimization method for refining the solution.

Alternatively, trying a different initial guess. For example, using a more structured initial h, such as a combination of intervals placed to spread out the 1s. For instance, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and setting h to 1 in certain intervals.

Wait, here's an idea: the optimal solution might involve placing intervals where h is 1 in a way that overlaps with any shifted version are minimized. For example, a periodic function with certain periods. If h is periodic with a period that's a divisor of 2, then shifting by certain amounts would repeat the pattern, leading to lower overlaps. For instance, a function that is 1 in [0, 1/3] and [2/3, 1], then repeats. But this is just a vague idea, and I need to think of how to model it.

Alternatively, using a function that cycles through different states. For example, a function that has 1 in certain segments and 0 in others, arranged to minimize overlap when shifted.

Another approach: since the problem is a minimax optimization problem, maybe using a genetic algorithm with a large population and mutation rates could be more effective in exploring the search space. However, integrating genetic algorithms into the existing code might require more code and could be slower.

But given the time constraints, maybe the previous approach is better. So perhaps the key is to improve the initial guesses and optimization steps.

Another thing: the previous code uses the 'initial_h_values' as the starting point. Maybe generating a better initial guess by modifying that array. For example, adding some perturbation to the initial guess could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using the initial guess and then applying a more aggressive optimization strategy.

Wait, the previous code also uses differential evolution. Maybe adjusting the parameters of differential evolution could yield better results. For example, changing the mutation and recombination parameters.

Also, the code uses multiple iterations of refinement with COBYLA. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps could help, but that might take more time.

Another idea: combining different optimization methods. For example, using differential evolution for global search and then using COBYLA for local refinement. The previous code does this, but perhaps adjusting the parameters or the order of optimization steps.

Let me think about the steps in the previous code:

1. Start with the initial guess.
2. Generate multiple guesses (pulse, sawtooth, random).
3. For each guess, perform SLSQP to refine.
4. Then perform differential evolution on the best guess.
5. Then perform COBYLA refinement steps.

Perhaps the problem is that the initial guesses aren't diverse enough. Let me think: the code generates pulses and sawtooths for specific frequencies, but maybe varying the frequencies, duty cycles, or other parameters could generate better initial guesses.

For example, in the pulse generation, the code uses frequencies from 2 to 8 and a fixed duty of 0.5. Maybe varying the duty cycle and frequencies more widely could create more diverse starting points.

Similarly, the sawtooth function uses a duty of 0.3. Maybe varying that duty could lead to other patterns.

Alternatively, using a different waveform, like a square wave with varying duty cycles or other shapes.

Another idea: instead of random guesses, create initial guesses based on mathematical constructions that are known to have low overlap. For instance, if there's a known pattern or known solutions for similar problems, but I'm not aware of such constructions here.

Alternatively, using a more systematic approach to generate initial guesses. For example, generating all possible combinations of certain parameters or using parametric functions that can be adjusted.

But given the time constraints, perhaps modifying the existing code's initial guess generation to be more diverse.

Another thing to consider: the choice of optimization method. SLSQP is a local optimizer, so it can get stuck in local minima. Using differential evolution first for global search, then SLSQP and COBYLA for refinement could be better.

The previous code does this, but perhaps adjusting the parameters for differential evolution, such as increasing the population size or mutation parameters, could help.

Also, the time budget is 100 seconds. So, the code needs to run within that time. The current code uses multiple optimization steps. Maybe reducing the number of steps or the number of guesses could save time, allowing for more iterations.

Alternatively, parallelizing the optimization steps, but the code is restricted to a single CPU.

Another thought: the previous code's objective function is the maximum of the correlation values. However, in practice, the maximum might be achieved at certain shifts. Maybe focusing the optimization on points where the correlation is high could be more effective. But since the maximum is over all k, it's hard to know which shifts are critical.

In conclusion, to improve the previous code's result, I should:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, including different waveforms, frequencies, and duty cycles.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods (e.g., mutation rates in differential evolution, iteration counts) to find better solutions.
3. Use more sophisticated initial guesses, possibly based on the initial_h_values but with modifications.
4. Refine the optimization steps, using multiple rounds of different methods to explore the search space thoroughly.
5. Ensure that the constraints are strictly satisfied, especially the integral constraint.

Implementing these ideas would require modifying the existing code's guess generation and optimization parameters. For example, increasing the number of different guesses by varying more parameters in the pulse and sawtooth functions, and adjusting the differential evolution parameters to allow for a better exploration.

Now, considering the code structure, I need to modify the code to include these changes. Let's look at the previous code's guess generation:

The guesses are generated by adding pulse and sawtooth functions with varying frequencies and duty cycles. For example, for frequencies 2-8, each with duty cycle 0.5 and 0.3 respectively. Also, a few random guesses.

To diversify, perhaps increasing the range of frequencies and duty cycles. For example, using frequencies from 1 to 10 in steps of 1, and varying duty cycles from 0.2 to 0.8. This would create more varied initial guesses.

Another idea: generate initial guesses that are combinations of multiple waveforms, like a pulse with a sawtooth for better coverage.

However, this might be complex. Let me think of the code changes needed.

Also, in the previous code, the initial guess is the initial_h_values, but perhaps adding some random perturbations to this initial guess could lead to better exploration.

In terms of code, the guess generation can be adjusted to include more parameters. For example, in the gen_pulse function, vary the frequency and duty cycle. Similarly for gen_saw.

Another point: the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but adding a random perturbation to it could lead to better diversity.

Now, considering the optimization methods, perhaps decreasing the maxiter for SLSQP and differential evolution to save time, allowing for more iterations in later steps.

Also, the previous code uses the COBYLA method for refinement. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps could help, but without exceeding the time budget.

Putting this all together, the plan is to modify the guess generation to create more diverse initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters to allow better exploration, and ensure that the refinement steps are effective.

Let me outline the changes:

1. Expand the guess generation to include more frequencies and duty cycles for pulse and sawtooth functions.
2. Add more types of initial guesses, like random patterns with different characteristics.
3. Adjust the parameters of differential evolution, such as increasing mutation rates, to encourage exploration.
4. Ensure that the initial guess is modified slightly to avoid getting stuck in local minima.
5. Perform more refinement steps withCOBYLA.

Implementing these changes would require modifying the code's guess generation and optimization parameters. Now, translating these ideas into code.

For the guess generation:

In the previous code, the pulses and sawtooths are generated with frequencies from 2 to 8. Let's expand that to 1 to 10 and vary the duty cycles more.

Also, adding more random guesses with different parameters.

For example, in the gen_pulse function, varying the frequency from 1 to 10 and duty cycles from 0.2 to 0.8.

Similarly for the sawtooth function.

Another idea: instead of using a single duty cycle, generate duties in a range, like 0.2 to 0.8, varying by steps.

This would create more diverse initial guesses.

In code, the pulse and sawtooth functions can be modified to generate a range of frequencies and duty cycles.

However, since I can't change the existing code structure much, I'll try to adjust the parameters in the existing code.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated as:

for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
    guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))

Maybe expanding the frequencies to 1 to 10 and varying the duty cycles.

Another thing: in the random guess generation, instead of just making a random guess, perhaps generating random guesses with certain patterns, like higher variance or specific distributions.

But without knowing the exact parameters, it's hard to say.

Another change: instead of using the initial_h_values as the starting point, generate a random perturbation of it. For example, taking the initial guess and adding some noise to it.

This could help in breaking out of local optima.

Additionally, for the differential evolution step, adjusting the mutation and crossover parameters. For example, using a higher mutation factor (like 0.99) and a higher recombination probability to explore the search space more effectively.

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed number of refinement steps with COBYLA. Maybe adding more refinement steps or adjusting the options could help.

Now, putting it all together into code.

The main changes would be in the guess generation and optimization parameters.

In the code:

- In the guess generation, expand the loop for frequencies and duty cycles.

For example:

for freq in range(1, 11):  # frequencies from 1 to 10
    guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, np.random.uniform(0.2, 0.8)))
for freq in range(1, 11):
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, np.random.uniform(0.2, 0.8)))

Also, adding more random guesses.

Another idea: in the gen_random function, use a different distribution, like a Gaussian mixture, to create more structured random guesses.

But perhaps that's beyond the scope.

Another optimization: the previous code uses 3 random guesses. Maybe increasing this number to 5 or 10.

In the code, the current line is:

for _ in range(3):
    guesses.append(gen_random())

Increasing this to 5.

Additionally, perhaps adding some other structured guesses, like a random phase pulse or something.

But given time, I'll focus on modifying the existing guess generation.

Another thing: the initial_h_values might be a good starting point. Maybe using it as an initial guess and then generating other guesses based on it.

In the previous code, the initial guess is added to the guesses list. But perhaps adding more modifications.

In conclusion, the revised code would have more diverse initial guesses, which could lead to better exploration of the solution space and thus a lower C5 value.

Now, implementing these changes into the code, keeping in mind the time constraints and code structure.

Another adjustment: the time budget is 100 seconds. The previous code uses differential evolution with a popsize of 80 and maxiter of 50. This might be time-consuming. Perhaps reducing the popsize to 40 or 50 to save time, allowing for more iterations or more refinement steps.

Also, the refinement steps with COBYLA could be increased.

Another idea: using a larger number of iterations for the differential evolution to allow better exploration, but this requires testing.

Now, putting all this into code.

The final code would include:

- More varied initial guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles.
- More random guesses.
- Adjusted differential evolution parameters.
- More refinement steps with COBYLA.

This should result in a better exploration of the solution space, potentially leading to a lower C5 value.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    if 'initial_h_values' in globals():
        h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    else:
        h = np.zeros(45)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_random():
        r = np.random.rand(n_points)
        return np.clip((r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * 0.5 + 0.5, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(1, 11):
        duty = np.random.uniform(0.2, 0.8)
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, duty))
    for freq in range(1, 11):
        duty = np.random.uniform(0.2, 0.8)
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=40, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.99), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-8)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```