<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous approach used a combination of SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA optimization methods, starting from an initial guess. However, the current best is 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem is to find a step function h over [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is in [0,1] and integrates to 1 over [0,2].

The previous implementation used several optimization strategies, including generating random guesses and refining them with different methods. But perhaps there's room for improvement. Let me consider alternative approaches.

One idea is to use a more efficient optimization algorithm. The previous code used SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. Differential evolution is population-based and might be useful for global optimization, but it's computationally expensive. Maybe there's a way to combine it with local refinement steps more effectively.

Another angle is the structure of the function h. The initial guess is based on a 45-point grid. Maybe using a different starting point could help avoid local optima. For example, instead of a pulse or sawtooth wave, perhaps using a more optimized initial configuration.

Also, the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points). But maybe varying the number of points could lead to better results. However, the problem states that smaller sequences (under 1k samples) are preferred because they are faster. The previous code uses 45 samples, which is manageable.

Wait, the previous code uses initial_h_values with n=45. The user says to start from that construction, so maybe I should try to refine that. But how?

Let me think about the objective function. The overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum, perhaps we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we want to minimize the maximum value of this integral.

The challenge is that the objective function is non-convex and depends on the maximum over many k values. This makes it difficult to optimize directly. So, perhaps using a surrogate or approximating the maximum.

Alternatively, since we need to find the minimal maximum, maybe we can use a bilevel optimization approach where we minimize the maximum integral over k, considering the constraints on h.

But this seems complex. Let's consider the current approach. The previous code tried various starting points (pulse, sawtooth, random) and then used SLSQP for local optimization, followed by differential evolution for global search and then COBYLA refinement.

But maybe there are more efficient ways. For example, using a genetic algorithm? Or using more intelligent initial guesses, like based on existing known good configurations.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that has low correlation with its shifted versions. This might relate to the concept of "low autocorrelation" sequences, which are used in radar and coding theory. Perhaps applying techniques from those fields could help. For example, using a Barker code or similar sequences, but adapted to the continuous case.

But how to translate that into a step function? Maybe creating a function that is periodic with certain properties. Alternatively, using a piecewise constant function with equal spacing or optimized positions.

Alternatively, considering the integral over shifts, the maximum overlap would be influenced by the regions where h(x) is high and 1 - h(x + k) is also high. So, perhaps the optimal h(x) should avoid having high values in overlapping regions when shifted.

Another approach is to model this as a problem of minimizing the maximum of several integrals. Each shift corresponds to a different integral. To minimize the maximum, perhaps using a penalty method where we penalize the maximum value. However, this is a non-convex problem, so it's tricky.

Perhaps the key is to find a better starting point. The initial_h_values is provided, but maybe generating a better initial guess by modifying that. For example, adding some perturbation or using a more sophisticated constructive method.

Wait, the current code uses a fixed initial guess, which is the initial_h_values. But if the initial guess is not optimal, then the optimization might get stuck. Maybe trying different starting points is important. For example, using a combination of the initial guess and some other generated functions.

Another idea: using a more efficient optimization method. For example, instead of differential evolution, maybe using a hybrid approach where we first do a coarse search with a population-based method and then refine with a local optimizer.

But given the time constraint, perhaps focusing on improving the existing approach. Let's think about the code structure again.

In the previous code, they use several guesses (pulse, sawtooth, random) and then apply SLSQP. Then they run differential evolution for a few iterations, then COBYLA refinement. But the refinement steps are limited.

Maybe increasing the number of iterations in the optimization steps, or using a better initial guess. Also, perhaps adjusting the parameters in the optimization to allow for better convergence.

Another consideration: the current code computes the correlation using np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives a longer array. The overlap integral for a shift k is the sum over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)), multiplied by dx. But when k is such that x + k is outside [0, 2], the integral would be zero for those parts. However, the way np.correlate works might not exactly correspond to the integral. Wait, the problem says that the evaluation uses np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full') * dx. So, for each shift k, the correlation value corresponds to the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx over the overlapping region.

But integrating over [0, 2] for each k. However, the correlation function mode 'full' gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. For example, for a shift of k, the value is the integral over x where x - y is within the domain.

But the exact mapping between the correlation and the integral might require some adjustment. However, the code is already using that approach, so perhaps it's correct.

Another point: the previous code's initial guess is based on the initial_h_values. If that's a good starting point, maybe we can improve upon it by applying more sophisticated optimization steps.

But what if the initial guess is not the best? Maybe generating a better initial guess could help. For example, using a more structured approach. Suppose we partition the interval [0, 2] into regions where h(x) is 0 or 1. But the problem allows for step functions with any number of steps, as long as the integral is 1.

Wait, the step function is represented as samples over the interval. So the function is piecewise constant, with each sample representing a value in [0, 1]. The integral is the sum of each value multiplied by dx.

So, perhaps the optimal h is a combination of regions where h(x) is high and low, arranged to minimize the overlap.

Let me think of the problem as choosing the values of h such that when you shift the function, the overlapping region of high h and high (1 - h) is minimized. This is similar to a scheduling problem where tasks are placed in time slots to minimize overlaps.

But how to model this. Maybe using dynamic programming or some other combinatorial approach, but with continuous functions.

Alternatively, the problem can be transformed into a problem of minimizing the maximum of several functions. For each shift k, the integral is a function of h. The maximum over all k is the objective to minimize.

But how to handle this maximum in optimization. One approach is to minimize the maximum by using an iterative method where you iterate between optimizing for a particular k and then updating the maximum. But this might not converge.

Alternatively, since the maximum over k is hard to handle, perhaps we can approximate it by considering a subset of k values that are most likely to cause high overlaps. For example, considering shifts that are multiples of certain intervals.

But the previous code already tries to consider all possible shifts by using the correlation, so maybe that's already accounted for.

Another idea is to use a Bayesian optimization approach, where we sample different h configurations and try to find the one that minimizes the maximum integral. However, this would require a lot of evaluations and might be too slow for the given budget.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient local optimizer. The current code uses SLSQP, COBYLA, and differential evolution. Maybe switching to a different local optimizer or tuning the parameters could help.

Wait, in the previous code, the COBYLA refinement is called a few times. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or the number of iterations in the COBYLA could help.

Another thought: the differential evolution step is called twice, with a population size of 80 and maxiter=50. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could lead to better results, but that would take more time, which is limited by the budget.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess. For example, combining the initial_h_values with some noisy perturbations, or using a different initial construction.

But the initial_h_values is provided, so perhaps we can use it as a starting point and apply some transformations.

Another idea: the problem has a certain symmetry. The interval [0, 2] can be thought of as two copies of [0, 1], so maybe designing h(x) in a way that it's symmetric or has certain periodic properties.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal h is a combination of two square waves with different frequencies. For example, a square wave with a certain period that avoids overlaps when shifted.

But how to translate this into the step function.

Another approach is to think of the problem in terms of constraints. The integral of h(x) is 1, so the average value of h is 0.5. The function h(x) must be such that when you shift it, it doesn't overlap much with itself in terms of the product h(x)(1 - h(x +k)).

To minimize the maximum overlap, the function should be designed to have as little overlap as possible with all its shifted versions. This might suggest that the function should have a high value in regions that are not too close to other high regions.

So, perhaps the optimal function is one that is spread out in [0, 2] to minimize overlaps. For example, placing high values in intervals that are spaced apart by at least some distance.

But how to model this. For example, if the function is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, the shift would need to move the 1s away from each other.

But since the function is a step function with values in [0, 1], it's more complex. However, maybe an optimal h(x) is a piecewise constant function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, with the integral equal to 1.

For example, if the function is 1 over an interval of length 1 (area 1), then shifting it by 1 unit would overlap in the middle. However, this would give a high overlap integral. So, maybe a more spread-out distribution.

Alternatively, breaking the interval into several intervals where h is 1, each with a certain width, and spacing them apart. For example, three intervals, each of width 2/3, spaced apart. But this is just a guess.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal value for C₅ is around 0.38, maybe the optimal function is more like a triangular wave or something similar.

But how to translate this into code. Maybe generating a function with a certain structure and then optimizing it.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (45), which is manageable. Perhaps varying the number of points could help. For example, using a larger number of points allows for more precise control, but might take longer. However, the budget is tight.

Wait, the problem states that smaller sequences (under 1k samples) are preferred. The current code uses 45 samples. Maybe doubling the number of points could allow for better optimization, but I need to check the time constraints.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, even with a larger number of points, the code should run within that.

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values is good, but the optimization steps can be improved. For instance, using a different optimization strategy for refining the solution.

Another point: in the previous code, the differential evolution step is called with a population size of 80 and maxiter=50. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations per call would help, but it would take time. However, since the budget is tight, it's a trade-off.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimizer. For example, using a gradient-based method like SLSQP for refinement could be more efficient than differential evolution.

So, putting it all together, perhaps the approach is to:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Perform a few rounds of optimization using different methods (like SLSQP and COBYLA) to refine the solution.
3. Explore different starting guesses (like variations of the initial guess) to avoid local optima.
4. Adjust parameters of the optimization algorithms to allow for better convergence.

Another idea is to use a hybrid approach: first run a global search with differential evolution, then refine with local optimization. But the previous code already does something similar.

Wait, maybe the main issue is that the previous code uses a limited number of guesses for the initial points. Perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could help.

For example, creating different types of waveforms (like sine waves, square waves, triangle waves) but with varying parameters and then using them as initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated constructive method to generate initial guesses. For instance, using a greedy algorithm to place the steps in the function to minimize overlaps.

But implementing such a method might be complex.

Alternatively, considering that the current code uses the same initial guess and various other generated guesses, maybe the problem is that the initial guess is not optimal. If the initial guess is not good, the optimization might get stuck.

So, perhaps generating a better initial guess is key. For instance, using a more structured initial guess than the initial_h_values.

But without knowing what initial_h_values is, I can't directly modify it. However, the user says to start from it, and to never redefine it or copy its entries.

So, the initial_h_values is a given array. The code starts with that array. Maybe the previous approach can be improved by applying transformations to this initial guess, such as adding noise or using more sophisticated optimization steps.

Another idea: the code uses several SLSQP optimizations with a fixed maxiter of 250. Perhaps increasing that might help. Or using a different optimization method.

But the code already uses multiple steps.

In the current code, the main optimization steps are:

1. Starting with the initial guess and several other generated guesses.
2. Applying SLSQP optimization.
3. Running differential evolution for a few iterations.
4. Refining with COBYLA.

Perhaps the key is to improve the refining steps. For instance, using more iterations or different optimization parameters.

Alternatively, combining several optimization steps in parallel or using a different order.

Another thought: the current code evaluates the correlation using all shifts, but perhaps considering only a subset of shifts would be sufficient. However, the problem requires the maximum over all shifts, so we can't ignore any.

Alternatively, maybe the maximum overlap occurs for certain specific shifts. For example, shifts that are multiples of the function's period or something similar. If we can identify those shifts, we could focus the optimization on those, possibly reducing the computational burden.

But without knowing the optimal shifts, this is speculative.

Another angle: the previous code's objective function returns the maximum value of the correlation. However, in the optimization problem, we want to minimize the maximum value. This is a minimax problem, which is challenging.

To handle this, perhaps we can use a method where we iteratively try to reduce the maximum value by adjusting the function h. For example, first find the shift k that gives the largest overlap, then optimize h to reduce that particular overlap, then repeat.

But this approach is iterative and might not lead to the global minimum.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where the objective function is the maximum overlap plus a penalty for violating the constraints. However, the maximum is difficult to handle in a penalty function.

Another idea: the code's current evaluation of the maximum is done using np.correlate, which might be time-consuming. Could there be a faster way to compute this maximum? For example, precomputing the necessary shifts or using a more efficient implementation? But the code already uses the numpy correlate function, which is optimized.

In summary, the main areas to improve could be:

1. Using more effective initial guesses, possibly by modifying the initial_h_values.
2. Using a more efficient combination of optimization methods (e.g., more iterations of certain methods).
3. Tuning the parameters of the optimization algorithms to find better convergence.
4. Exploring different types of starting functions (variations of the initial guess).
5. Improving the refinement steps.

Considering all this, I think modifying the previous code to:

- Use more efficient optimization steps, such as increasing the number of iterations in some methods.
- Generate more diverse initial guesses.
- Maybe use a different initial guess based on a structured approach.

But given the constraints, I'll focus on modifying the existing code to include a better set of starting guesses and improve the optimization steps.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses the initial_h_values but doesn't modify it in the optimization steps. Perhaps applying a transformation to the initial guess, like smoothing it or adding noise, could help escape local optima.

Alternatively, generating multiple variations of the initial guess with small perturbations and optimizing each of them.

But without knowing the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the code should not hardcode values, so I have to use the initial_h_values as provided.

So, I'll proceed to code an approach that:

- Uses the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generates additional initial guesses based on different waveforms (like pulse, sawtooth, etc.).
- Applies SLSQP optimization for each guess.
- Uses differential evolution for global search with adjusted parameters.
- Refines the best solution with COBYLA, possibly increasing the number of iterations.

In the previous code, the guesses were generated with certain frequencies. Maybe increasing the number of generated guesses or varying the frequencies could help.

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm for the initial global search.

But given the time constraints and the need to fit within 100 seconds, perhaps sticking with the existing methods but fine-tuning parameters would be better.

In the previous code, the differential evolution step is called twice. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the population size could help, but it might take longer.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimizer for the refinement steps. For example, using the Sequential Least Squares Programming (SLSQP) method with more iterations.

So, modifying the code to include more refinement steps or better parameters.

Another thing: the current code's COBYLA refinement runs four times. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps would help. Or changing the optimization method during refinement.

Putting all this together, I'll adjust the code to:

- Use a larger number of initial guesses.
- Increase the number of iterations in the optimization steps.
- Use more diverse initial functions.
- Tune the optimization parameters for better convergence.

But I need to code this within the given constraints.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_random():
        r = np.random.rand(n_points)
        return np.clip((r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * 0.5 + 0.5, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
    for _ in range(3):
        guesses.append(gen_random())
    guesses.append(np.random.rand(n_points))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'disp': False})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=40,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.99), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-8, disp=False)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'disp': False})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```