<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by finding a better step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The previous code uses SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA with various initial guesses. But the user wants a different approach to potentially achieve a lower C₅ value.

First, I need to understand what the current approach does. The existing code starts with an initial guess and then tries different patterns (like pulses and sawtooth waves) as initial guesses. Then it uses optimization methods to refine those. However, the user's previous result was 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. So, the challenge is to find a better solution.

Hmm, maybe the key here is to explore different structural patterns for h. The previous approach uses pulse and sawtooth waves, but perhaps other patterns could yield better results. What if I consider using more complex periodic structures or optimized patterns that balance the overlap?

Another thought: the overlap integral is the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). So, the function h needs to minimize the worst-case overlap with its shifted versions. This resembles a problem in signal processing where you want to design a signal that has minimal correlation with its shifts. Maybe using techniques from that domain could help.

Wait, the current code uses differential evolution and SLSQP, which are local search methods. Maybe a different global optimization strategy could find better minima. However, the time budget is tight, so the solution must be efficient.

Another idea: use a more informed initial guess. For example, instead of random patterns, maybe use a structured approach. The initial_h_values is given, which might already be a good starting point. But perhaps there's a way to improve on that by modifying it.

What about using symmetry or specific periodicity? For instance, considering a function that is a combination of waveforms with certain frequencies. Alternatively, using a piecewise constant function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that minimizes overlap when shifted.

Wait, the problem requires h to be a step function. So, perhaps dividing the interval [0,2] into intervals where h is either 0 or 1. But the function is allowed to have steps, not necessarily only 0 and 1. However, since the integral must be 1, the area under h must be exactly 1.

Another approach: use a greedy algorithm. For example, iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap. But how to implement that?

Alternatively, think in terms of dynamic programming or other optimization techniques that can find the best structure. However, with the time constraints, this might be challenging.

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm. The previous code uses differential evolution, which is similar to genetic algorithms. Maybe adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution could yield better results. For example, increasing the population size or adjusting mutation parameters.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution with popsize=100 and maxiter=50. Maybe increasing the population size or number of iterations could help, but that might take more time. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so there's a trade-off.

Another thought: the current code's initial approach is to generate various guesses (pulses, sawtooth) and then optimize them. But maybe the initial guesses are not optimal. What if we generate more informative initial guesses based on known optimal structures or mathematical properties?

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem. However, the objective is non-convex due to the max over different integrals. So, convex methods might not work directly.

Alternatively, use a penalty method where we try to minimize the maximum overlap by adding a penalty term to the objective function. But again, this might be challenging.

Wait, the overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). So, if we can find a function h such that for all k, the integral is as small as possible, that's ideal. This seems like a difficult optimization problem.

Another idea: use a parametric approach. Suppose we model h as a series of intervals where it's 1 and 0. For example, suppose we divide the interval into m segments and set h to 1 in certain segments. Then, the integral over each segment can be calculated. However, with m segments, the possible combinations are huge. But maybe for small m, it's manageable.

Wait, but the previous code uses a step function, which could be approximated by a piecewise constant function. However, the initial approach uses many samples (n_points=45), which is sufficient for a numerical approach but may not be the most efficient.

Wait, the current code uses n_points=45. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for finer control over h, leading to better results. However, the user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe 45 is acceptable, but perhaps trying different n_points (like 60) could help.

But the user's previous program uses initial_h_values with n=45. The current code uses that. So maybe using the same n_points, but trying different optimization strategies.

Another angle: the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints, differential evolution, and COBYLA. Maybe modifying the optimization steps. For example, combining different optimization methods in a different order. Alternatively, using a different algorithm like Nelder-Mead or a Bayesian optimization approach.

Wait, but the current code's approach may get stuck in local optima. Maybe using a more diverse set of initial guesses. For example, the previous code uses pulses, sawtooth, and random guesses. But perhaps generating more varied initial structures, like combining different waveforms or using more frequencies.

Alternatively, using a pattern that is designed to have minimal overlap. For instance, a function h that is 1 for certain intervals and 0 otherwise, arranged such that shifting it doesn't result in large overlaps. This is similar to a binary signal with low cross-correlation.

Another thought: use aperiodic structures. For example, a function that is 1 in non-overlapping intervals, but arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. However, this requires careful arrangement.

Alternatively, think of this problem as a design of a binary sequence (since h is a step function) that has minimal maximum cross-correlation with its shifts. This is similar to the concept of a "good" binary sequence in coding theory. However, the exact application here is different since we are dealing with integrals over continuous domains.

Wait, but perhaps the continuous version can be approximated by a discrete problem. For example, discretizing the problem into a sequence of points and optimizing over that. But the user is working with the continuous case but using sampled h.

In the existing code, the initial_h_values might have a certain structure. If I can find a way to modify that structure to reduce the overlap integral, that could be beneficial. For example, if the current structure has high overlap in certain k shifts, adjusting the positions of the step transitions could reduce that.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more sophisticated initial guess. For example, generating a function h based on Fourier series that has minimal self-correlation. But how to implement that numerically?

Another approach: use a model based on the known optimal solutions for related problems. For example, in the Erdős problem, certain constructions are known to be optimal. If I can find a similar construction applicable here, that could be a starting point.

Wait, the current best known bound is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. So, the goal is to get as close as possible to that. The previous code's result was 0.381142, which is slightly higher. To improve, perhaps the new approach should focus on refining the initial guess or exploring new patterns.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with a better initial guess. For example, starting with the initial_h_values and then using a more effective optimization algorithm.

But how to optimize the function? The objective function is non-convex, so gradient-based methods may get stuck in local minima. So, perhaps combining global and local search methods would be better.

Let me think about the current code's approach. It starts with initial_h_values, then generates various initial guesses, optimizes each with SLSQP, then uses differential evolution to refine further. Then, it refines again with COBYLA. Maybe the order of these steps can be adjusted for better results.

Alternatively, use a different global optimization algorithm. For example, instead of differential evolution, use a particle swarm optimization (PSO) method. But the code doesn't have that implemented.

Alternatively, use a more efficient optimization method. The existing code uses SLSQP, which is good for constrained problems. Maybe adjusting the tolerance or other parameters.

Another idea: use a multi-start approach with different initial guesses. The previous code does generate multiple initial guesses, but maybe generating more could help. However, with the time constraint, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, precompute some known good patterns. For example, using a structure that repeats every certain intervals, but adjusted to minimize overlap.

Wait, what if the function h is designed to be approximately a triangle wave or a sine wave with certain properties? For example, arranging the steps to ensure that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Alternatively, think about the integral C₅ as the maximum over k of the overlap between h and 1 - h shifted by k. To minimize this maximum, h should be such that no shift k leads to a large overlap.

This is similar to designing a window function that has minimal autocorrelation. The ideal window function would have a flat spectrum, but the problem is different here.

Another thought: the overlap integral for a particular shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k )) dx. This is similar to the cross-correlation of h and (1 - h) shifted by k. So, perhaps the maximum cross-correlation value is what we want to minimize.

In signal processing, the maximum cross-correlation between a signal and its shifted versions is related to the concept of a "maximum cross-correlation" or "autocorrelation". So, the problem becomes designing a signal h such that its cross-correlation with 1 - h is minimized.

This suggests that the problem can be approached by optimizing h to have minimal cross-correlation with its shifted versions. How to model this?

The cross-correlation function between h and (1-h) is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx for each k. We want to minimize the maximum of this over all k.

An alternative approach is to model this as a problem of finding a binary (or step) function h with area 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap. But this seems challenging.

Wait, perhaps using a ternary approach where h takes on values that are not just 0 or 1, but perhaps other values to balance the overlaps. However, the initial code uses a step function, which is a piecewise constant function with values in [0, 1]. So, allowing more levels might help, but the user's code uses samples with values between 0 and 1.

Now, back to the code. The user's previous code uses several optimization steps. To improve, maybe adjust the sequences of optimization steps or the initial guesses.

Let me think about the current code's initial_h_values. If I can generate a better initial guess than the initial one, that could lead to a better solution.

In the previous approach, the code uses pulses (like sine waves modulated to be 0/1) and sawtooth waves. Maybe generating other types of waveforms could be better. For example, a square wave with varying duty cycles, or triangular waves.

Alternatively, consider using a function that is 1 for a certain number of intervals and 0 for others, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. For example, if the function has equal distribution of 1s and 0s, but the shifts cause overlaps to be low.

But how to model this? For a piecewise constant function, the overlap depends on how the intervals of h align when shifted. This seems complex.

Another idea: use a probabilistic approach. For instance, assign h(x) values based on some probabilistic distribution that minimizes the expected overlap. However, this is abstract and not directly applicable.

Alternatively, consider a greedy algorithm that iteratively adjusts the function's values to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, for each sample point, adjust it to a value that minimizes the maximum overlap, but this could get stuck in local minima.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps focusing on reducing the worst-case k. For instance, if we can find a function where for all k, the overlap is low, that's ideal. However, finding such a function is non-trivial.

Given the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to modify the existing code's optimization steps, perhaps by using a different optimization strategy. For example, combining differential evolution with a more efficient local search, or using a different initial guess generation.

Alternatively, use a different initial guess based on the known optimal structure. For example, if there's a construction known to be optimal for C₅, replicate that structure as the initial guess.

But since the user hasn't provided such a structure, perhaps I should think of generating a better initial guess. For example, using a function that is a combination of different waveforms.

Wait, the previous code uses a pulse wave and a sawtooth wave. What about using a more complex waveform? For example, a triangular wave or a combination of sine and square waves?

Alternatively, think of the function h as a binary sequence (in discrete values) where the pattern is designed to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, a sequence where each 1 is placed such that shifting by any k doesn't cause overlaps.

But again, how to translate this into code.

Another approach: use the initial_h_values and perform a local optimization around it with more aggressive parameters. For instance, using a higher learning rate in the optimization steps.

Alternatively, use a different method for the initial optimization steps. For example, instead of SLSQP, use a genetic algorithm with crossover and mutation operators to explore the search space.

However, implementing a genetic algorithm would require more code and time, given the time budget.

Hmm, considering the time constraint, maybe the best way to proceed is to adjust the current code's parameters for the existing optimization methods to find better results. For example, increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution, or adjusting the mutation and recombination rates.

In the previous code, there's a part where differential evolution is used with popsize=100 and maxiter=50. What if I increase the maxiter to 100, or adjust the mutation parameters? But that might take more time.

Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex method, but with the constraints handled appropriately.

Another idea: the C5 value is calculated as the maximum of the correlation. Perhaps focusing the optimization on reducing the maximum value, by penalizing higher values more. For example, using a different objective function that weights higher overlaps more heavily.

But how to adjust the objective function. The current objective is to minimize the maximum, which is the same as minimizing the maximum value. So, perhaps using a sequential approach where we first reduce the top overlaps and then others.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum is over all k, perhaps we can find for which k the overlap is highest and focus on optimizing those k.

But how to determine which k to focus on? That would require evaluating the correlation for all k, which is computationally expensive.

Alternatively, approximate the maximum by considering a few key k values. For example, k=0.5, k=1, etc. But this might not be accurate.

Given that the previous code already uses multiple optimization steps, perhaps the key is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization parameters.

In the current code, the initial guesses include pulses and sawtooth waves. Let's think: what if we generate more varied initial guesses, such as combining different waveforms or using different frequencies and duty cycles?

For example, in the code, the pulses are generated with frequencies 2 to 8 and duty cycle 0.5, and sawtooth waves with frequency 3 and duty cycles 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5. Maybe expanding this to other frequencies or duty cycles could generate better initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess that is more thoroughly randomized than the current ones.

Another angle: using the initial_h_values as a starting point and applying a more effective local optimization. For instance, using the COBYLA method with more iterations, or adjusting the constraints.

In the existing code, after generating initial guesses, the code uses SLSQP to optimize them, then differential evolution, then COBYLA. Maybe reordering or combining these steps differently could improve results.

Another idea: after finding a candidate solution, perform a local refinement using a more precise method, such as the BFGS algorithm, if it's feasible.

But again, this depends on the code and the time constraints.

Alternatively, to reduce the number of function evaluations, use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the Powell method or the Nelder-Mead method, but with constraints.

However, the existing code uses SLSQP and COBYLA. Maybe adjusting their parameters, such as increasing the maximum iterations or decreasing the tolerance, could allow for better convergence.

In summary, the key improvements could be:

1. Generate more diverse and effective initial guesses.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms (e.g., increasing maxiter, changing mutation parameters).
3. Combine different optimization methods in a different order or with different initial guesses.
4. Focus on optimizing the most critical k values, even if it's computationally expensive.

Since the user wants a different approach than the previous code, maybe try a completely different starting point. For example, create a new initial guess that is not an existing waveform but a more optimized structure.

But how to generate that without prior knowledge? Perhaps by using a different pattern, like a binary sequence with certain properties.

Alternatively, use a randomized initial guess that is more carefully crafted. For example, distributing the 1s in h to be as spread out as possible, which might reduce overlaps when shifted.

In code terms, perhaps creating a function h that has 1s in positions that are evenly spaced. For example, if the integral is 1, then the number of 1s would be proportional to the number of intervals. However, this is an approximate idea.

Alternatively, start with a uniform distribution of 1s and 0s. For example, if n_points is 45, having half of the points as 1 and the others as 0, arranged in a way that maximizes the minimum overlap. But again, how to translate this into code.

Perhaps, for the initial guess, generate a function h that is a pulse train with certain properties. For example, using a Fourier series that has minimal autocorrelation.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's challenging. Given the time, perhaps it's better to modify the existing code's approach, focusing on generating better initial guesses and optimizing them with more thorough methods.

So, considering the previous code, I can think of the following changes:

- Generate more initial guesses with varying frequencies and duty cycles.
- Increase the number of iterations in the optimization steps.
- Use different optimization methods for different stages (e.g., differential evolution followed by COBYLA with more iterations).
- Adjust the parameters of the SLSQP and differential evolution steps.

In terms of code, this could involve modifying the guesses section, increasing the maxiter in differential evolution, and adjusting the refinement steps.

Another idea: since the correlation is evaluated over all k, maybe the maximum occurs for certain k values that are multiples or fractions of the interval length. For example, shifting by 1 unit (since the interval is [0,2], shifting by 0.5, 1.0, etc. might be significant. Therefore, perhaps focusing on those k values could help.

However, integrating this into the optimization is not straightforward.

Another possibility: the existing code uses np.correlate, which computes the full correlation. However, in the problem statement, it's mentioned that the integral is over x, and the shift k is such that x + k is in the domain. So, for the correlation, the shift k could range from -2 to +2, but the code computes the full correlation, which may include all possible shifts.

But the actual maximum C5 is the maximum over all possible shifts k, which includes all real numbers. However, the code approximates this with the sampled h. So, the current approach is correct in using the full correlation.

In conclusion, to improve the previous code's performance, the key steps would be:

- Generate more diverse and potentially better initial guesses.
- Use different optimization strategies with adjusted parameters.
- Apply multiple rounds of refinement with different methods.

Now, translating this into code. The previous code has a loop generating various guesses. To generate more guesses, perhaps adding more frequencies or duty cycles. For example, adding more pulse frequencies like 1, 9, 10, etc., or more sawtooth duty cycles.

Additionally, modifying the parameters of the differential evolution, such as increasing maxiter or popsize, but ensuring it doesn't take too much time.

Another change could be to use a different initial guess, such as starting with a uniform distribution of 1s and 0s, but that might not be effective.

Alternatively, using a function that is designed to be periodic with a certain period, ensuring that shifting by that period doesn't cause overlap. For example, if the function is periodic with period 1, then shifting by 1 would not overlap, but this may not apply to all k.

However, the interval is [0,2], so a period of 1 might make sense. So, a function that repeats every 1 unit.

For example, a function that is 1 in [0, 0.5) and 0 in [0.5, 1), then repeats this pattern. However, the integral over [0,2] would be 0.5 + 0.5 = 1, which satisfies the constraint. This is similar to a square wave with 50% duty cycle. But this would lead to high overlaps when shifted by certain k. For example, shifting by 0.5 would cause the overlap to be 0.5*0.5 = 0.25. However, shifting by 1 would cause complete overlap (integral is 1*1=1). This is not good, but this shows the idea.

So, this example shows that a simple square wave has a worse overlap. Hence, the initial code's methods are trying to find better structures.

In any case, the user's code is already using various waveforms. So, perhaps the next step is to modify the initial guesses and the optimization parameters.

In the code, the generate_random_guess function creates a random h and scales it to have sum 0.5 (since n_points/2 is the target). But this may not be the best initial guess. Maybe generating a better random guess by sampling from a different distribution, such as a uniform distribution with more spread-out values.

Alternatively, generating a random guess with certain properties, like ensuring that the area is correct and the function is smooth.

However, in code terms, this would require more complex generation, which might not be feasible under time constraints.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values as the starting point and refine it with multiple optimization steps. Perhaps the previous code starts with the initial_h_values but maybe that's not the best choice. But the user says to use the initial_h_values if available. So, it's better to start with that.

In the previous code, the initial guess is used as the first guess, then other guesses are generated from pulses and sawtooth. However, maybe the initial_h_values is already a good starting point and the other guesses could be limited to avoid overcomplicating.

So, to improve, perhaps modify the optimization steps to focus more on refining the initial_h_values with a more intensive optimization.

In terms of code structure, the existing code has a loop that loops through the generated guesses, optimizes each with SLSQP, and keeps the best result. Then, it uses differential evolution to generate new guesses and refine them further.

To improve, perhaps increase the number of guesses generated, or adjust the method for generating them.

Alternatively, after the initial optimization, perform a more thorough refinement with a different method.

Another possibility is to use Bayesian optimization for the hyperparameters, but this is complex.

In summary, the plan is to:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generate a few additional initial guesses based on different waveform patterns.
3. Use a combination of differential evolution and local optimization (like COBYLA) to refine the guesses.
4. Adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms to allow for better convergence.

Now, translating this into code, modifying the previous code by increasing the number of iterations, adjusting mutation parameters, and generating more initial guesses.

For example, in the code's guesses section, perhaps adding more frequencies and duty cycles for the pulse and sawtooth waves.

Additionally, in the differential evolution step, increasing the maxiter or mutation parameters might help, but need to ensure it doesn't take too much time.

Another consideration: the current code has a time check to stop early. Maybe increasing the budget for that step could help, but the time budget is fixed.

In the end, the code should return the best h, the C5 value, and the number of points.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def generate_random_guess():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        total = np.sum(h)
        h *= (target_sum) / total
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(1, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.25, 0.33, 0.5, 0.66, 0.75]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(generate_random_guess())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```