<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization starting from an initial guess. My task is to improve upon that.

First, I should understand what the problem is asking. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h(x) is between 0 and 1.

The previous approach used initial guesses based on pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Then, they optimized using SLSQP and differential evolution. The challenge is to find a better starting point or optimization strategy to get a lower C₅.

Let me think about possible ways to improve. The initial solution might be a local minimum. Maybe trying different initial guesses could help. Also, maybe using different optimization algorithms or adjusting parameters might lead to better results.

Another thought: the previous code used a fixed number of points (n_points = 45). Maybe using a smaller n_points could be faster and allow for more diverse exploration. But the user prefers sequences with less than 1k samples, so maybe keeping it around 50-100 points would be better.

Alternatively, maybe a different construction for the initial h. For example, a more optimal pattern that's not based on standard waveforms. Maybe using a combination of intervals with different lengths, or arranging the steps to balance the overlap for different shifts.

Also, the previous code used a fixed set of guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help avoid local optima. For instance, using random perturbations of the initial guess or creating new patterns.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a covering problem. Maybe using a greedy algorithm to place the steps in positions that minimize the maximum overlap. But since it's a continuous problem, that's tricky. Or perhaps using a probabilistic approach, like simulated annealing, which is better at escaping local minima.

Alternatively, using a more global optimization method, like genetic algorithms, could be effective. However, the previous code used differential evolution, which is a form of evolutionary algorithm. Maybe adjusting the parameters of differential evolution or combining it with other methods.

Wait, the previous code used differential evolution with a population size of 100, 50 iterations, etc. Maybe increasing the population size or allowing more iterations could help. But given the time constraint of 100 seconds, we need to balance between thoroughness and speed.

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed initial_h_values. If there's a better initial guess, that could lead to a better result. But the user says that if initial_h_values is available, use it. So maybe the initial guess is already part of the problem, and we need to optimize from there.

Looking at the previous code, the initial guess is based on pulses and sawtooth/triangle waves. Perhaps generating a more sophisticated initial guess could help. For example, creating a more optimal pattern by considering the optimal spacing of intervals that minimize overlap.

Alternatively, maybe using a random initialization with some constraints. For example, instead of starting with the given initial_h_values, starting with a random but valid h that satisfies the integral constraint. But the user's code uses initial_h_values, so maybe that's the starting point.

Hmm. Let's think about how the overlap integral is calculated. The integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For different k, this corresponds to shifting the function h by k and looking for the maximum overlap. To minimize the maximum, the function h needs to be arranged such that for any shift k, there's not too much overlap between h and its complement.

This is similar to the concept of a function that's spread out in such a way that its shifted versions don't have much intersection with itself. So maybe the optimal h is a set of intervals that are arranged to avoid overlapping too much when shifted.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a function that's periodic or has some symmetry. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into smaller intervals and setting h(x) to 1 in some of them, 0 in others, but arranged in a way that when shifted, overlaps are minimized.

But given the continuous nature of the problem, perhaps using a piecewise constant function with specific intervals. For instance, if we divide [0,2] into 4 intervals, and set h(x) to 1 in two of them, but spaced in a way that when shifted, the overlap is low.

But the previous code uses a step function with 45 points. Maybe trying a different number of points? The user prefers less than 1k samples, so maybe using 50 or so?

Another idea: since the current best is around 0.38, and the target is 0.380876, maybe we can try to find a construction that is very close to that bound. Perhaps by using a more clever initial guess or optimization.

Alternatively, using machine learning techniques, like a neural network to approximate the optimal h. But that might be too complex and may not fit into the time constraints.

Wait, the previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe adjusting the parameters of these optimizers could lead to better results. For example, increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance.

But with the time budget, we need to be efficient. Also, the previous code does multiple rounds of optimization, which may be time-consuming. Maybe optimizing the number of iterations and the initial guesses.

Another approach: using a more efficient optimization algorithm. The SLSQP method is good for constrained problems, but maybe using a different method like COBYLA or BFGS could be more effective. Or combining multiple methods.

Alternatively, using a local search with a starting point generated from the initial_h_values and then refining it.

Wait, maybe the key is to use a better initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might not be optimal. Perhaps generating a better initial guess by modifying it. For example, if the initial guess has certain patterns that can be adjusted.

For instance, maybe the initial guess has clusters of 1s that could be spread out more. Or maybe using a different structure for the initial guess, like a more regular spacing of 1s and 0s.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, the average value is 1/2. So maybe the function is designed to have a flat average. However, to minimize the overlap, the function needs to be as "spread out" as possible. So, for example, a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that when shifted, overlaps are minimized.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a covering problem with the constraint that the measure is 1, and trying to find the optimal covering pattern.

But how to translate this into code?

Another thought: the previous code uses np.correlate with mode='full' to compute the overlap. The maximum of these correlations times dx is the C5 value. Maybe there's a way to approximate or model this more efficiently, but I think the code is already doing that.

Perhaps trying different optimization strategies, like using a hybrid approach where differential evolution is used for global search, followed by SLSQP for local refinement. The previous code does something like that.

Wait, the previous code starts with initial_h_values, then uses several guesses based on pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions, then performs differential evolution and then SLSQP refinement. Maybe generating even more initial guesses could help. For example, trying different waveforms, or using random perturbations of the initial guess.

Another possibility: using the initial_h_values and then applying a genetic algorithm to evolve better solutions. But given the time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, trying to find a mathematical construction that gives a better bound. For example, the optimal h might be a certain periodic function or a specific pattern that's known to be optimal for similar problems.

But I'm not aware of any such construction for the Erdős problem. So perhaps sticking to numerical optimization.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n=45). Maybe using a smaller n_points could allow for more diverse searches, but the user prefers smaller than 1k, so maybe 50 points is acceptable.

Wait, the current code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 45. Let me check the code again. The initial_h_values is a global variable. So the previous code starts with 45 points. Maybe trying a different number of points, like 50 or 60, could yield better results. However, increasing n_points might increase computation time, so it's a trade-off.

But the user's code has a time budget of 100 seconds. If the number of points is increased, the time per evaluation increases as well. So maybe keeping n_points at 45 is better.

Another thing to consider: the constraints. The code ensures that the integral is 1 by using the constraint sum(h) * dx = 1. That's correct.

Hmm. Let me think about possible ways to improve the previous approach.

The previous code used several guesses as starting points for optimization. Maybe generating even more diverse initial guesses. For example, using different waveforms, different parameters, or random perturbations.

Alternatively, using the initial guess as the first candidate and then perturbing it slightly to create new starting points for the optimization. This could help avoid getting stuck in local optima.

Another idea: using a multi-start optimization approach where multiple different initial points are used, each with their own optimization. However, the previous code already does this with the different guesses.

Wait, the previous code uses a loop over several generated guesses. Maybe generating more guesses by varying parameters. For example, generating different pulse frequencies, different duty cycles, etc.

But the previous code already tried frequencies 3-8 and duty cycles 0.2-0.5 for sawtooth and triangle waves. Maybe adding more variations, like different wave types or more parameters.

Alternatively, using random initial guesses. The previous code starts with the initial_h_values, but maybe generating random h's that satisfy the integral constraint as additional guesses. However, generating random h's would take time and might not be efficient.

Another approach: using a more efficient optimization method for the local refinement. The previous code uses SLSQP with 200 iterations. Maybe adjusting the number of iterations or the tolerance parameters to allow for better convergence.

Also, the previous code uses a differential evolution with a population size of 100 and 50 iterations. Maybe increasing the population or the number of iterations could lead to better results, but again, time is a constraint.

Another thought: the objective function is to minimize the maximum correlation. This is a max-type function, which is non-convex and difficult to optimize. Hence, the need for heuristic methods.

Perhaps using a combination of global and local search methods would be better. For example, using differential evolution to find a good candidate, then refining with SLSQP.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to find the best h, but that might be complex to implement within the time constraints.

Another possible improvement: precomputing all possible shifts and correlations for a given h, and using a more efficient way to compute the maximum. However, the code already does this via numPy's correlate function.

Wait, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the same length as the input plus the other array. However, when the h is of length n, and the other array is (1 - h), the full mode would compute the cross-correlation for all possible lags. But the problem is to find the maximum over k of the overlap integral, which corresponds to the maximum of the cross-correlation at different lags.

But the code is correctly using np.correlate, then taking the max, then multiplying by dx.

Another idea: adding more constraints or reformulating the problem. For example, considering that the maximum overlap is over k, which could be in the range [-2, 2], but the actual problem might have constraints on k. However, the code seems to handle that correctly.

Alternatively, maybe there's a way to model the problem as a convex optimization problem, but I don't think that's possible due to the max operation.

Another possible improvement: the previous code's initial guesses are generated based on waveforms. Maybe generating a different initial guess, such as a more spread-out pattern. For example, a random assignment of periods where the 1s and 0s are spaced out.

But how to do that algorithmically?

Alternatively, trying to create a function that is a combination of multiple intervals. For example, using a binary variable that indicates whether a certain interval is included in h. However, with a continuous function, this is challenging.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is as "flat" as possible under the integral constraint. However, the integral being 1 implies that the function can't be flat. So maybe the optimal function is a piecewise constant function with intervals that are spread out to minimize overlap.

Suppose we divide [0,2] into m intervals, and set h(x) to 1 in n of them, with the total measure being 1. Then, the goal is to choose the intervals so that when shifted, the overlap with the rest is minimized.

But how to choose the intervals? This is similar to the set cover problem or the circle covering problem. It's unclear.

Alternatively, perhaps using a greedy algorithm where we place intervals in the [0,2] space such that adding them doesn't create large overlaps when shifted.

But without knowing the exact mathematical structure, it's hard to code this.

Another idea: since the previous code uses an initial guess, maybe trying to improve that guess by applying some transformation. For example, smoothing the initial h_values, or modifying the positions of the 1s and 0s to spread them out more.

For example, if the initial_h_values has clumps of 1s, perhaps spreading them out by interpolating between them. But this would require modifying the function, which might be done algorithmically.

Alternatively, generating a new initial guess by taking the initial_h_values and applying a transformation that spreads them out. For instance, using a moving average or a Fourier transform to make the function more spread out.

But I'm not sure how to implement that.

Another possibility: using a different optimization method. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe using the Nelder-Mead simplex method for local optimization, or another method.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, starting with differential evolution for global search, then using SLSQP for local refinement.

But the previous code already does that.

Hmm. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to generate more diverse initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters, and try different waveforms or patterns.

Wait, the previous code uses pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more waveforms, like square waves or other asymmetric waveforms, could help find better initial guesses.

Alternatively, generating waveforms with varying frequencies and duty cycles to cover more possibilities.

Another idea: instead of using fixed frequencies, use a random set of frequencies or duty cycles for generating the initial guesses. For example, generating initial guesses with random parameters that vary the waveform shape.

However, this might be computationally intensive, but with the time budget, perhaps it's manageable.

Alternatively, using the initial guess as a starting point and then applying a gradient-based optimization with a better step size.

Another thought: the previous code uses multiple optimization steps, including differential evolution followed by SLSQP refinement. Maybe adjusting the number of iterations in each step or the population size in differential evolution.

For example, increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution to allow more exploration.

But I need to make sure that the code doesn't exceed the time budget.

Putting this all together, here's a plan for the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generate additional initial guesses by perturbing the initial values or using different waveforms.
3. Use differential evolution with a larger population and more iterations to explore the solution space.
4. Apply SLSQP refinement with more iterations to find the local minimum.
5. Use a combination of multiple starting points and optimization strategies to avoid getting stuck in local optima.

Additionally, perhaps using more efficient ways to generate initial guesses, such as using different waveforms and parameters.

Another possible improvement: since the integral constraint is sum(h) * dx = 1, maybe using a more efficient way to generate the initial guesses that satisfy this constraint. For example, using random permutations of 1s and 0s, but ensuring the sum is correct.

But with a continuous function, it's challenging. However, for the initial guess, the existing code uses waveforms that naturally satisfy the integral constraint.

Another idea: using a more aggressive random perturbation of the initial guess. For example, adding small random noise to the initial h_values, then scaling it to meet the integral constraint.

But again, this would require code to handle it.

Alternatively, integrating the code's current approach but tweaking the parameters. For instance, increasing the number of differential evolution iterations, or using more guesses.

Now, implementing these ideas in code:

- The previous code uses several guesses based on different waveforms. To increase diversity, I can add more guesses, such as examples with different duty cycles or frequencies.

- For the optimization, perhaps increasing the number of generations in differential evolution and allowing more iterations in SLSQP.

- Also, using more refinement steps after the initial optimization.

Another thing: the code sometimes breaks the loops if the time is up, but maybe extending the number of iterations slightly could help.

Putting all this into code, here's what I'll do:

Modify the guesses to include more waveforms, like square waves or different duty cycles. Also, increase the number of iterations in differential evolution and SLSQP.

Additionally, adjust the parameters of the optimization to allow for better convergence.

But need to keep the code within the constraints.

So, here's a modified approach:

Use the initial_h_values as the base, generate more initial guesses by varying the waveforms (like square, sawtooth, triangle, pulse), then perform differential evolution with more iterations, and refine with SLSQP.

Also, increase the number of guesses and the number of refinement steps.

Another point: the previous code uses 2 rounds of differential evolution and 4 refinement steps. Maybe increasing those numbers could help.

But with time constraints, it's better to balance.

Now, coding this.

Also, use the given initial_h_values and then generate additional guesses, like square waves with different parameters.

So, in the code, the guesses would include:

- Initial guess
- Pulses with different frequencies and duty cycles
- Sawtooths and triangles with different duty cycles
- Square waves (which are a type of pulse)

Maybe adding square waves as another waveform type.

But need to ensure that the code generates these.

Now, translating all this into the code.

The existing code has functions gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle. Maybe adding a gen_square function.

But since the code uses numpy, a square wave can be generated as a pulse with duty cycle 0.5. So maybe gen_square is the same as gen_pulses with duty 0.5. But the existing code already includes that.

Alternatively, for more variations, perhaps generate pulses with different frequencies and duty cycles.

Another idea: adding more guesses with varying parameters. For example, for the pulses, varying the frequency and duty cycle more widely.

But the existing code already varied frequencies and duty cycles.

Alternatively, generating guesses based on random perturbations of the initial guess.

But again, this would take time.

In summary, the plan is to adjust the code to generate more initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better exploration, and ensure the best result is found within the time budget.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.7))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, size=n_points))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```