<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. Let's see what the current approach is. The previous code uses a combination of initial guesses, SLSQP optimization, and differential evolution to find a better h function. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is calculated using the correlation of h and 1-h.

Hmm, the current best is around 0.38085. The target is to get lower than that. Let me think about possible improvements.

First, maybe I should consider different starting points. The current code starts with initial_h_values, but maybe there are better initial guesses. Perhaps using different pulse shapes or patterns could lead to better results. For example, using more complex waveforms or optimizing over different frequencies and duty cycles.

Wait, the previous code tried generating pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe there are other waveforms or combinations that can be considered. Also, the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, so perhaps there's a way to model this more effectively with optimization techniques.

Another thought: the current algorithm uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe adjusting the optimization parameters, like increasing the maxiter or tightening the tolerances, could yield better results. But the code already has some refinement steps. Maybe switching up the optimization methods?

The differential evolution part might be too slow. Let me check the parameters. The code uses popsize=100, maxiter=50. Maybe reducing the popsize or increasing the mutation parameters could help in exploring the search space more efficiently.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization approach. For example, using gradient-based methods with better initial guesses, or maybe even a combination of different methods. But given the time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Another idea: the problem has a constraint that the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1. The current code enforces this with an equality constraint. Maybe using a different way to handle this constraint could help, like using a Lagrange multiplier approach or transforming the problem.

Wait, the overlap integral is computed as the maximum correlation between h and 1-h. Let's think about what this means. For each shift k, the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. The maximum over all k is what we're trying to minimize. So, the function h should be designed such that when shifted, it overlaps as little as possible with itself.

This is similar to designing a pulse that has minimal overlap with itself at various shifts. Maybe using a pattern that's periodic or has certain symmetry could help. For instance, using a repeating pattern that has certain minimal autocorrelation properties.

Another approach: since the problem relates to the Erdős constant, maybe there's known optimal constructions related to this problem. Let me think. The Erdős problem is about finding a sequence with minimal maximum overlap, which relates to the covering radius or some similar concept in combinatorics. However, I'm not sure about specific constructions for C₅.

Alternatively, thinking in terms of signal processing: if h is a function with low autocorrelation, then the overlap integral would be low. So perhaps designing h to have low autocorrelation at all shifts. This is similar to the problem of constructing a sequence with low autocorrelation, like in Barker codes or in radar applications.

Wait, but the problem is slightly different because the overlap is between h and 1-h. Maybe we can model this as trying to minimize the maximum correlation of h with itself shifted. But the exact formulation here is max_k ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. So for each shift k, it's the integral of the product of h and 1-h shifted by k.

This might be equivalent to ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. Since ∫ h(x) dx = 1, and ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx would be the autocorrelation. So the overlap integral is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, maximizing this overlap integral is equivalent to minimizing ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. So the problem becomes finding h that minimizes the maximum of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx over all k.

So, in other words, we need to minimize the maximum cross-correlation between h and itself, but for all shifts k. This is related to the concept of a "low autocorrelation" sequence. So maybe using techniques from that area could help.

In signal processing, sequences with low autocorrelation are used in applications like spread-spectrum communication. For example, a Barker code has the property that its autocorrelation is minimal. However, Barker codes are for binary sequences, and the length is limited. For our problem, since it's over the interval [0,2], maybe a continuous version of such a code could be useful.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that is a sum of periodic functions with different frequencies, designed to cancel out the autocorrelation. For instance, using a combination of sine waves with specific phase shifts and amplitudes to minimize the integral.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem? Maybe by considering that the optimal h is a periodic function with certain properties. If we can model h as a periodic function, then the autocorrelation can be analyzed using Fourier transforms. However, the problem is constrained to [0,2], which might not align neatly with periodic functions, but perhaps we can use a Fourier series approach.

Alternatively, since the integral over [0,2] is 1, it's the same as the average value of h(x) being 1/2 over that interval. So h(x) can be thought of as a function that is approximately 1/2 on average. The problem is to distribute the '1's and '0's in such a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Wait, but h(x) can take any value between 0 and 1. So maybe the optimal function is one that has regions of high value and low value, spaced apart so that shifting doesn't cause much overlap.

Another thought: perhaps using a function with high-frequency components. For example, a square wave with a duty cycle that alternates between high and low, but with a specific pattern to minimize overlap when shifted. However, the previous code already tried some pulse shapes.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that is a concatenation of multiple segments, each with different values, arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap much. For example, a piecewise constant function with segments of 0 and 1 arranged periodically.

But how to model that in code? The previous code generates different waveforms, like pulses, sawtooth, and triangle. Maybe trying more complex waveforms, or combining them in some way, could lead to better results.

Also, considering the current code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points), which is 45. Maybe using a different number of samples, like a larger n_points, could lead to better approximations. However, the problem states that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, as they are faster to optimize. So increasing the number of points would take more time, which may not be feasible given the 100s budget.

Wait, the initial h_values is of n=45. Let me check the parameters of the previous code. It uses n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 45. The code then uses that for generating the guesses. So changing the n_points would require rethinking the entire approach.

But maybe the problem is that the initial guess is suboptimal. So, perhaps starting with a different initial guess could lead to better results. For example, using a more optimal initial construction.

Alternatively, maybe the current optimization method is too slow for the given budget. Let's think about the steps in the code. It first uses SLSQP with multiple guesses, then differential evolution, and then refinement steps. Maybe optimizing the parameters of these steps can help.

Another angle: The current code uses the maximum of the correlation. However, the correlation is computed over all shifts k. For a function h on [0,2], the possible shifts k range from -2 to 2 (since shifting by more than 2 would cause the integral to be zero due to being out of bounds). Therefore, the maximum overlap integral is over k in [-2, 2], but the actual values of k that contribute to a significant overlap might be limited to certain ranges. Maybe focusing optimization on those specific shifts could be more effective.

But how to model that in code? Perhaps by transforming the problem into a more constrained optimization where the maximum is over a subset of possible shifts, but I'm not sure.

Another idea: the current code uses a uniform grid for h. Maybe using a non-uniform grid or adaptive sampling could lead to better results. However, that complicates the implementation and might not be feasible within the time budget.

Alternatively, using more sophisticated optimization algorithms. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach to sample the space more effectively. However, implementing that from scratch might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm for the optimization, which could explore the search space more efficiently. But again, implementing that within the code would require more lines and time.

Another thought: the previous code uses differential evolution with a population size of 100. Maybe increasing the population size could help find better solutions, but this would take more time. However, with the time budget, it's a trade-off.

Let me think about the current code's structure. It starts with an initial guess, then tries several generated waveforms as starting points. Then, uses differential evolution to find better points, followed by refinement with SLSQP. The goal is to find the best solution within the time budget.

Maybe adjusting the number of iterations in differential evolution or SLSQP could help. For example, increasing the number of differential evolution iterations might allow better exploration, but that would use more time.

Another possible improvement is to use more diverse starting points. For example, generating different waveforms with varying parameters, such as different frequencies and duty cycles, or even using random initial guesses.

Wait, the code already generates several different pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions as starting guesses. Maybe adding more waveforms or variations could help. For example, using a function with higher frequency, or different shapes.

Alternatively, generating random initial guesses that satisfy the constraints. However, the code uses a fixed initial guess from initial_h_values. Maybe this is a local optimum, and a different starting point could lead to a better solution.

Another aspect is the evaluation of the objective function. The current code uses the maximum of the correlation, which is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full') * dx. However, the mode 'full' gives the full cross-correlation, which includes all possible shifts. For a function h on [0,2], the valid shifts would be such that the intervals overlap. So the correlation values for shifts where the intervals overlap would be the ones that contribute to the maximum. The current code considers all shifts, but maybe focusing on the ones that are more likely to contribute to the maximum could be better. However, I'm not sure how to implement that.

Alternatively, maybe the code could be modified to only consider a subset of shifts, say shifts from -1 to 1, which might be more efficient. But I need to check how the correlation is computed.

Wait, the np.correlate function with mode 'full' returns the cross-correlation of the two vectors for all possible shifts. However, the actual valid shifts for the problem are those where the intervals overlap, which would be shifts k in the range [-2, 2], but for the integral over [0,2], the overlap would occur for k in [-2, 2], but the exact range depends on the function's support. However, the code uses the maximum of all possible values, which is correct.

Hmm. Given that, perhaps the current approach is as good as possible given the code structure. So, perhaps the main ways to improve are:

1. Improve the initial guess by using different waveform patterns.
2. Optimize the parameters of the optimization steps (like more iterations, different methods).
3. Use more efficient optimization methods.
4. Explore different starting points.

So, for the initial guess, maybe trying a more optimal waveform. For example, a function that is a combination of multiple pulses arranged in a way to minimize overlap when shifted. Alternatively, a function that is aperiodic but designed to have low autocorrelation.

Alternatively, maybe using a function that alternates between high and low values in a specific pattern. For example, a square wave with a certain duty cycle, but with a frequency chosen to minimize the overlap.

Wait, the previous code tried generating such functions. For example, gen_pulses with various frequencies and duties, gen_saw with duties, etc. But maybe adding more variations, such as different types of pulses or combining them, could help.

Another idea: the problem is 1D, so maybe using a pattern that repeats every certain interval. For instance, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and assigning h(x) to be high or low in a way that when shifted, these parts don't overlap much. For example, if we divide the interval into segments where each segment is a certain length, and assign h(x) to be 1 in some segments and 0 in others, such that the segments don't overlap when shifted by certain amounts.

But the function h(x) is continuous, not just piecewise constant. However, using a piecewise constant function with a certain structure could be a good starting point. For example, using a pattern like 1, 0, 1, 0, etc., but with varying lengths of the segments. However, the integral over [0,2] must be 1, so the total area of 1s must be 1. For instance, if the function is 1 for a total length of 1, then it's 0.5 on average.

This suggests that h(x) could be designed as a series of pulses, each of length l_i, such that the sum of l_i is 1. However, arranging the pulses so that when shifted, they don't overlap. This is similar to the concept of non-overlapping pulses, which would minimize the overlap integral.

But how to translate this into a function? For example, if h(x) is 1 for a certain interval and 0 elsewhere, then the overlap integral would be the intersection of the shift with the original interval. However, since the function can have multiple intervals, this might require a more complex construction.

But for continuous functions, the optimal might be similar to a periodic function with certain properties. For example, a function that is 1 in a certain fraction of the interval and 0 elsewhere, arranged periodically. This is similar to a square wave.

However, the previous code already tried square pulses. Maybe varying the duty cycle could help. Let's think about the square wave: for a duty cycle of 0.5, it's a square wave where h(x) is 1 for half the interval. For the integral to be 1, the total area would be 1. So the function would be 1 on a segment of length 1 and 0 on the rest. Wait, but the integral over [0,2] of h(x) must be 1. So if h(x) is 1 on an interval of length 1, and 0 elsewhere, the integral is 1, which satisfies the constraint. However, this would be a simple function. But what's the overlap integral for this function?

Suppose h(x) is 1 on [0,1] and 0 on (1,2]. Then, for a shift k in [0,1], the overlap would be the intersection of [0,1] with [x, x +k]. The maximum of the correlation would be... Hmm, this might not be minimal. For example, shifting by k=0.5, the overlap is 0.5, leading to an overlap integral of 0.5. So the max overlap integral would be 0.5. Which is worse than the current C₅ of 0.38. So this is not a good example.

Alternatively, if the function is designed to be 1 on multiple intervals, arranged in a way that when shifted, they don't overlap. But this seems similar to aperiodic pulses.

Another approach: consider that the overlap is minimized when the function h is as spread out as possible. For example, using a function that is high in regions that are spaced apart, so that shifting doesn't bring them close. However, the integral must be 1, so there's a trade-off between the number of regions and their sizes.

This is getting a bit abstract. Let's think about how to modify the current code to try different starting points or optimize better.

The current code uses a for loop over different frequencies and duty cycles to generate guesses. Maybe expanding this to include more variations or using different waveforms. For example, adding a function that is a combination of multiple pulses with varying positions.

Alternatively, trying to use a more sophisticated initial guess. For example, using a function that is a sum of multiple sine waves with different frequencies, designed to minimize the autocorrelation. But how to generate such functions?

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is a sum of shifted impulses, but with certain spacing between them to minimize the overlap. However, this is a bit vague.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a quadratic optimization. The objective function is the maximum of several integrals, which is non-convex, making it challenging. However, perhaps reformulating the problem as a semidefinite program or using other convexification techniques could help, but I'm not sure how to implement that quickly.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the current code in the following ways:

1. Experiment with different initial waveforms. For example, using more complex functions or combining existing ones.
2. Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP steps to allow more iterations or better exploration.
3. Add more initial guesses with different parameters, perhaps including more frequencies or duty cycles.
4. Consider using different optimization methods, such as genetic algorithms or Bayesian optimization, if that's feasible.

However, the code must stay within the 100s time budget. The previous code already uses differential evolution and refinement steps. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in the differential evolution or SLSQP steps could help, but that would consume more time.

Alternatively, trying a different optimization method for the refinement steps. For example, increasing the maxiter for SLSQP from 200 to 500, but this might take more time.

Wait, the code currently runs differential evolution for 50 iterations with a population of 100. Maybe increasing the iterations or the population size could help, but this would use more time. For example, increasing maxiter to 100 would use more time, possibly exceeding the budget.

Another thought: the code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point, which is a 45-point array. Perhaps this is a suboptimal starting point, and using a different starting point could lead to better results. For example, using a randomly generated function that satisfies the integral constraint.

So, modifying the code to generate a random initial guess that satisfies the integral constraint. For instance, generating a random function where the sum of h[i] is exactly n_points / 2. This could be done by generating random values between 0 and 1 and then scaling them to meet the constraint. But this is a bit naive, but might lead to a better starting point.

However, the previous code already tried generating several waveforms as initial guesses, which might be better than a purely random guess.

Another possible improvement: using a hybrid approach where the code first performs a coarse optimization with differential evolution and then refines it with SLSQP. But the current code already does this.

Hmm. Perhaps the current approach is already quite effective, but to improve it further, some modifications could be made. For example, increasing the number of initial guesses or varying the parameters of the generated waveforms.

Wait, the current code generates guesses with frequencies 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 for pulses, and saw and triangle waves with duties 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5. Maybe expanding this to include more frequencies, such as 2 or 9, and more duty cycles like 0.6, or combining waveforms.

Alternatively, trying different waveform types, such as rectangular waves and other periodic functions, with varying parameters.

In the code, the gen_pulses function uses a sin wave and clips it to duty cycle. Maybe there's a way to generate more varied functions by varying the frequency and phase.

But with the time constraints, maybe the best way is to adjust the existing code to include more varied initial guesses, and also tweak the optimization parameters.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient method for the initial guesses. For example, using a randomized approach to generate initial guesses that satisfy the integral constraint and have certain properties.

Let me consider modifying the code to generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, adding more frequencies and duty cycles, or trying different waveforms like square waves, triangular waves with different parameters, or even combinations of multiple waveforms.

Alternatively, trying to use a function that is the sum of multiple pulses placed in a way that minimizes the overlap when shifted. For example, placing pulses at intervals of 1, but with varying lengths.

However, this is getting a bit too vague. To make progress, I'll proceed to adjust the code to include more initial guesses, tweak the optimization parameters, and maybe increase the number of iterations where possible, while keeping the code within the time budget.

Let me outline the changes:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses by adding more frequencies and duty cycles.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization steps, such as using more iterations for SLSQP and adjusting the tolerance.
3. Consider using different optimization methods, such as genetic algorithms, but given time constraints, perhaps not.

Also, the previous code used the initial_h_values as the first guess. Maybe instead of using it, using a better initial guess generated through a different method.

But without knowing the initial_h_values, I can't say. The problem states that the initial_h_values are available, so I can reference them directly.

Another idea: the current code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the maxiter to get better convergence.

Also, in the refinement steps, the code runs SLSQP multiple times. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement iterations could help.

In summary, the main changes to consider are:

- More diverse initial guesses.
- Tweaking the optimization parameters for better convergence.
- Adjusting the number of iterations in the optimization steps.

Now, translating these ideas into code modifications.

The previous code has a section where it generates guesses by looping through frequencies and duties. Perhaps adding more frequencies and duty cycles, or generating waveforms with different parameters could provide better starting points.

Additionally, the code could generate random initial guesses that meet the integral constraint. For example, drawing random values and scaling them. However, this could be time-consuming.

Alternatively, perhaps using the initial_h_values and then generating random perturbations around it as initial guesses. But this might not be necessary.

Let me adjust the code to generate more initial guesses. For example, adding more frequencies and duty cycles.

In the existing code, the guesses are generated as follows:

for freq in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))

I can expand this by adding more frequencies and duties:

for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]:
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))

This would add more initial guesses, which might help in finding better solutions.

Also, the code could generate additional waveforms, like using different frequencies for saw and triangle waves.

Another modification is to increase the number of iterations in the differential evolution. For example, changing maxiter from 50 to 100.

Moreover, increasing the number of refinement steps. Currently, there are 4 refinement steps. Maybe increasing that to 6 or 8.

Additionally, adjusting the SLSQP options, such as increasing maxiter or tightening the tolerance.

In the current code, the SLSQP method has options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11}. Perhaps reducing ftol to 1e-12 or increasing maxiter.

Another idea: using more advanced optimization methods if possible. However, given the time constraints, sticking to existing methods is safer.

Now, considering the code structure, the helper functions gen_pulses, gen_saw, and gen_triangle are used to generate initial guesses. These can be expanded to generate more waveforms.

So, the revised code would include more initial guesses, adjusted optimization parameters, and potentially more refinement steps.

Finally, considering the time budget. The current code runs for a total of about 100 seconds, but the exact time depends on the implementation. Adding more initial guesses and increasing the number of optimization steps might take longer, but the code should be designed to terminate before the budget is exhausted.

In conclusion, the plan is:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses with extended frequency and duty cycles.
2. Adjust optimization parameters to allow more iterations and tighter tolerances.
3. Increase the number of refinement steps.
4. Ensure that the code terminates before the budget is reached.

Now, implementing these changes in the code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=75,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(6):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```