<think>
Okay, so I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876, which is very close. The goal is to find a better construction, ideally something that can get closer to that target. 

The given code uses a gradient-based optimization approach with SLSQP, starting from an initial guess. But maybe this isn't the most effective approach. I remember that in such optimization problems, especially with constraints, alternative methods like genetic algorithms, simulated annealing, or other heuristics might find better solutions by exploring the search space more thoroughly. However, the problem says to keep the code within 100 seconds and use available libraries like scipy, numpy, etc. Also, the code is supposed to be concise and efficient.

Another thought: since the problem involves minimizing the maximum overlap integral, perhaps there's a way to model this as a convex optimization problem. But wait, the objective function here is the maximum of a set of integrals, which is non-convex. So maybe that's not straightforward.

Let me think about the structure of the problem. The function h is a step function over [0,2], and we need to minimize the maximum of the correlation between h and 1-h shifted by k. The correlation is essentially measuring the overlap at different shifts. The integral over the overlap is what we want to minimize.

The previous code uses SLSQP to minimize the maximum correlated value. However, this might get stuck in local minima. So maybe a better approach is to use a different optimization strategy, perhaps with more exploration, or to use a different initial guess.

Another idea: maybe the initial guess is not the best starting point. The problem mentions that there's an initial_h_values available, which is for n=45 points. But perhaps starting from a different construction, like a more uniform or structured step function, might lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach with a surrogate model might be more efficient in finding the global minimum. However, implementing that from scratch or using existing libraries might be too complex given the time constraints.

Wait, the user is allowing the use of any scipy optimization method. Maybe using a global optimization algorithm like basin hopping, which combines local optimization with random perturbations to escape local minima. The previous code uses multiple SLSQP runs with perturbations, but perhaps basin hopping is more efficient.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (5), but maybe increasing the number of perturbations or using a different method could help. Let me check what scipy.optimize has. There's scipy.optimize.basinhopping, which might be useful here.

But then again, the problem is to minimize the maximum of the correlations, which is a non-smooth function. So some optimization methods might struggle with that. However, using an implicit method of minimizing the maximum over correlations could be tricky.

Another angle: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum correlation, perhaps a duality approach. For example, trying to find h such that for all shifts k, the integral is below a certain threshold. But how to translate that into an optimization problem?

Alternatively, considering the problem as a minimax optimization problem. The key is to find h that minimizes the maximum of the integrals over all shifts. This is a challenging problem because the number of shifts is infinite (though in practice, it's discretized).

But in the code, the evaluation is done using np.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum of these values is the C5 value. So the code is correct in that aspect.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of perturbations, perhaps using a more systematic approach for initializing the parameters. For example, starting with a uniform distribution, then using non-uniform partitions. But I'm not sure how to translate that into code quickly.

Also, the problem allows for using different starting points. The current initial_h_values is for n=45 points. Maybe using a different starting point, like a more regular step function, could yield better results. For example, a step function that alternates 1 and 0, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal h might have certain symmetry or periodicity. For instance, dividing the interval [0,2] into parts where h is 1 or 0 in a way that balances the overlaps. However, how to model that?

Let me think about the previous code. It uses SLSQP with bounds and equality constraints. The problem is that SLSQP could be getting stuck in local minima. Maybe using a different optimization method would help. For example, using a genetic algorithm (GA) which is more global in nature. However, GA's might be slow, especially with higher n_points. But since the user wants to use a small n_points (less than 1k), maybe GA can be feasible.

But scipy doesn't have a GA implementation. However, there's a library called DEAP, but I don't know if that's allowed here. The user says to use scipy, numpy, cvxpy, etc. So perhaps sticking to scipy's optimization methods is better.

Wait, the previous code uses a loop of 5 optimizations, each with a perturbed guess. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or using different perturbation strategies could help.

Alternatively, trying multiple initial guesses, not just perturbations of the initial_h_values. For example, using a grid search on different constructions, but that's computationally expensive.

Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) method. However, scipy's optimize doesn't have a PSO solver. So that's not an option unless I can code it myself, which may be time-consuming and not efficient.

Hmm. Let's think about the constraints again. The sum of h is fixed. Each h[i] is between 0 and 1. The problem is to minimize the maximum of the integrals of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx over all k. 

Another thought: maybe the maximum occurs at certain specific shifts. For example, shifts that correspond to the intervals where h is 1 or 0. If the optimal h is constructed to have certain intervals where it is 1, then shifts that align with those intervals would have higher overlap. But how to design that?

Alternatively, considering the dual problem: for each possible shift k, the integral is the overlap, and we need to minimize the maximum of these overlaps. So, the problem is similar to designing a function that is as "spread out" as possible, so that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. 

This is similar to the problem of designing a sequence with low autocorrelation, which is a well-known problem in signal processing. The optimal sequence would have minimal autocorrelation, which is similar here. 

In that context, perhaps using a binary sequence with minimal autocorrelation could be useful. However, since h is a step function, and the problem is over a continuous interval, it's a different setting. 

But maybe there's an analogy. For example, in the case of binary sequences (like in the case of Barker codes), the autocorrelation is minimized. But again, the problem here is more complex due to the continuous nature and the integral over the function.

Another idea: perhaps using a Fourier transform approach. The integral can be represented as a convolution. However, the integral over the overlap is related to the convolution of h and 1 - h, which is what the code is computing. 

But how to minimize the maximum value of this convolution. This seems challenging, as the convolution is a non-linear operator here. 

Alternatively, relaxing the problem by considering a convex relaxation. For example, assuming that h is a continuous function and trying to find the optimal in that space. But that's more of a theoretical approach and not directly applicable here.

Back to the optimization: perhaps the previous approach is not sufficient. Maybe using a different optimization method that can better escape local minima. For example, using a more robust optimization algorithm like the Nelder-Mead simplex method. However, that requires more parameters and might not be as efficient as SLSQP. 

Alternatively, using a stochastic optimization method with simulated annealing. But again, scipy has limited support for that.

Another approach: since the integral is max_k of the correlation, maybe the maximum occurs for certain k values. For example, for shifts that are equal to the period of the function h. So if h is periodic, then the maximum might occur at specific shifts. 

But how to leverage that? Maybe constructing h to be periodic. For example, a function that repeats every certain interval. But the interval is [0,2], so maybe making it symmetric or with some repeating pattern.

Let me think about the sample size. The current code uses n_points = 45. Maybe increasing the n_points could allow for a better approximation, but the problem says that smaller sequences (less than 1k) are preferred. So 45 is acceptable. However, the user wants to find a better construction. 

Another thought: the initial construction may not be optimal. What if we start with a different initial guess? For example, a construction that is more evenly distributed. 

For instance, splitting the interval [0,2] into equal parts and setting h to 1 in some parts and 0 in others, ensuring the integral is satisfied. 

But the problem is that with n_points=45, the step function has 45 points. To create a uniform distribution, maybe assign h[i] = 1 if i is in the first half, and 0 otherwise. But that would have sum h = 22.5, which is 45/2, so that works. However, this would lead to a higher overlap when shifted by 1 unit. But that might not be the optimal.

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern. For example, dividing the interval into segments where h is 1 and 0 alternately, but with varying lengths to balance the overlap. 

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to code that. 

Another idea: using a randomized initial guess. For example, generating a random initial h with sum matching the constraint, and then optimizing from there. The previous code uses a perturbation of the initial_h_values. Maybe varying the initial guess by different methods could lead to better results.

Alternatively, combining multiple optimization methods. For example, first using a global optimization approach to find a good initial guess, then refining with SLSQP.

But given the time constraints, it's challenging to implement all of these. 

So, back to the original code. The previous approach uses multiple SLSQP optimizations with perturbed guesses. The problem with that is that it might not explore enough of the search space. 

Maybe using a more aggressive perturbation or using different starting points. Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm for the same problem.

Another approach: since the objective is to minimize the maximum correlation, maybe adjusting the problem to a convex form. For example, using a Lagrange multiplier to incorporate the constraint into the objective function. However, since the maximum is involved, it's not linear, so that's not straightforward.

Alternatively, using a heuristic to approximate the maximum. For example, evaluating the objective function for a subset of shifts and minimizing that. However, this could lead to suboptimal solutions.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach, where each individual is a candidate h, and the fitness is the maximum correlation. This would allow for exploration of the search space but may be slow. However, with a small n_points (like 45), perhaps it's feasible.

But given the time constraint of 100 seconds, and the fact that the previous code uses scipy's optimize.minimize, which is faster than implementing a GA from scratch, perhaps sticking with optimization methods is better.

Wait, perhaps using a different optimization method in scipy. For example, the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a bounded optimization method. Or 'COBYLA' which handles bounds and constraints. However, trying different methods could yield better results.

But how to choose the best optimization method? It depends on the problem's landscape. 

Alternatively, combining multiple methods: use a global optimization method followed by a local one. But without knowing the exact problem structure, it's hard to tell.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, maybe the maximum occurs for certain shifts. For example, for shifts that are multiples of the interval. So, focusing the optimization on those shifts could be more efficient. However, this is just a guess.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the maximum. For example, instead of evaluating all shifts, compute the maximum for a few key shifts. But this could lead to a suboptimal solution.

Hmm. Let me think about the problem again. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The user's previous code achieved 0.3822, so there's room for improvement. 

Maybe by adjusting the initial guess. Suppose the initial_h_values is not the optimal. Let's think: what if we use a different construction as the initial guess? For example, creating a step function that is more evenly distributed. 

For example, if we divide [0,2] into three intervals of length 2/3, and set h to 1 in two of them and 0 in the third. But that would not meet the integral constraint. Alternatively, perhaps dividing the interval into regions where h is 1 or 0, such that the sum is 1. 

But generating such a structured initial guess would require careful calculation. For example, if n_points is 45, dividing into 45 intervals. Suppose I want to set h to 1 in exactly half of them (22.5) and 0 in the others. But since we can't have half, we'd need to have 22 or 23 ones. But the sum is exactly n_points / 2, which is 22.5. However, with n_points being 45, which is odd, maybe we have to take 22 or 23. But the sum must be exactly 22.5. Wait, the constraint is sum(h) * dx = 1, which for dx=2/45, sum(h) = (n_points/2) = 22.5. So sum(h) must be 22.5. Therefore, the initial_h_values must have sum 22.5. 

But if the initial_h_values is a step function that alternates between 1 and 0, but with some adjustments to meet the sum. For example, if the initial_h_values is structured as follows: for even indices, h[i] = 1, and for odd indices, h[i] = 0. But that would give a sum of 22 or 23. To make it exactly 22.5, perhaps having some values in between. For instance, half of them 1, half 0, and one 0.5. But this would complicate the initial guess. 

Alternatively, using a more regular pattern, like setting h[i] = 1 if i is less than 22.5, else 0. But this would give sum h = 22.5. However, since i is an integer index, perhaps using a threshold-based approach. 

But generating such an initial guess could be done via a simple calculation. 

But the user says that the initial_h_values is available, which we can use directly. So maybe the previous approach is using that initial guess, which might not be optimal. 

So, perhaps changing the initial guess to a better one. For example, generating a different starting point. 

Another idea: using a different starting point based on a more structured construction, such as a binary sequence with certain properties. For example, a sequence that is as balanced as possible, with minimal autocorrelation. 

But how to generate that quickly? 

Alternatively, using a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint. For example, generating a random h with values between 0 and 1, ensuring the sum is 22.5. This could allow for more exploration. 

But the previous code starts from the initial_h_values and perturbs it. Maybe varying the initial guess significantly could lead to better results. 

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which is a simplex-based optimization algorithm. However, this method doesn't handle constraints directly. So to incorporate the equality constraint, we'd have to use a penalty method. 

But this might complicate the code. 

Another approach: since the code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP, which is a local method, perhaps we can try a global optimization approach. However, without a specific library, this is challenging. 

Alternatively, using a combination of SLSQP with random restarts. For example, starting from multiple different initial guesses and selecting the best result. 

But the previous code already does that by perturbing the initial guess. 

Maybe adjusting the number of restarts or the perturbation magnitude. For example, increasing the number of perturbations to 10 instead of 5, or using a larger perturbation size. 

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated perturbation strategy, like adding random noise with a different distribution. 

Another thought: maybe the previous code is too slow for the time budget. Perhaps optimizing the code to run faster. For example, precomputing some values, or reducing the number of iterations. 

But the user has a time budget of 100 seconds, which is a tight constraint. 

Alternatively, reducing the number of optimization steps and focusing on a few good guesses. 

But I need to think of a way to make this more effective. 

Let me think of the following plan: 

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point, but also generate a few other initial guesses (like random ones, or structured ones) to start the optimization from. 

2. Use a more robust optimization method, like basin hopping, which can escape local minima. 

3. Implement a better perturbation strategy, such as using different scales for perturbations based on the current guess. 

However, scipy's basin hopping is a good candidate for this. Let me check. 

The scipy.optimize.basinhopping function can be used to find the global minimum of a function. It combines local optimization with random perturbations. 

So, modifying the code to use basin hopping instead of multiple SLSQP runs. 

But how does that fit with the constraints? Because the basin hopping method needs to handle the constraints. 

Alternatively, the objective function can be modified to penalize violations of the constraint. However, the constraint is an equality constraint. 

But using the method 'basinhopping' might be more effective in finding the global minimum. 

However, I'm not sure how to incorporate the equality constraint into the basin hopping approach. 

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method within the basinhopping steps. 

But this might get complex. 

Alternatively, use the 'basinhopping' method with a objective function that includes a penalty for the constraint violation. 

The original constraint is that the sum of h is exactly 22.5. So, during optimization, the sum must not deviate. 

But if we relax the constraint to allow a small error, adding a penalty term to the objective function. 

So, the modified objective function would be: 

objective(h) = max_correlation * dx + λ * (sum(h) - 22.5)^2 

But the λ would be a penalty parameter to balance between minimizing the max correlation and meeting the constraint. 

However, this approach might be less accurate. 

Alternatively, during the optimization, enforce the constraint by using an equality constraint in the local optimizer. 

But integrating that into basin hopping would require some modifications. 

This seems complex, but perhaps feasible. 

Alternatively, using the previous code but with basin hopping. 

But I'm not sure. 

Another plan: given the time constraints, perhaps using a more aggressive perturbation in the existing code. For example, increasing the number of iterations and using larger perturbations. 

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For instance, the 'trust-constr' method in scipy.optimize. 

The 'trust-constr' method is another solver that handles constraints. 

So, modifying the previous code to use 'trust-constr' instead of 'SLSQP'. 

But this would require adjusting the code. 

Let me think about how to do that. 

In the previous code, the method is 'SLSQP'. Changing it to 'trust-constr' and adjusting parameters. 

But 'trust-constr' might be more efficient or effective. 

Another thing to note: the 'trust-constr' method may require more memory and processing power, but for a small n_points, it's manageable. 

So, modifying the code to use 'trust-constr' could be a way to improve the optimization. 

In addition, using a different set of initial guesses. For example, not just perturbing the initial guess but generating several different guesses. 

But given the time, perhaps it's better to focus on changing the optimization method. 

Another idea: since the previous code attempts to perturb the initial guess several times, but maybe using a different approach for the initial guesses. For example, generating multiple initial guesses with different structures. 

For example, generating one initial guess with the initial_h_values, another with a random one, another with a more regular structure, etc. 

But generating these manually is time-consuming. 

Alternatively, using a different starting point for the optimization. 

But how? 

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the code to use a different optimization method, like 'trust-constr', and see if that improves the results. 

Another thing to consider is the number of iterations. In the previous code, it's set to 300, which might be too high. Reducing it could make the code run faster, allowing more iterations within the budget. 

Alternatively, adjusting the options of the optimizer, like changing 'ftol' and 'eps' to tighter values. 

So, putting it all together: 

The previous code uses multiple SLSQP optimizations. Let's try using the 'trust-constr' method instead, which can handle constraints more effectively, and use a basin hopping approach to explore the space. 

But I'm not sure if that's possible. 

Alternatively, using the 'trust-constr' method with a more efficient setup. 

Let me modify the code to use 'trust-constr' and see. 

Also, increasing the number of restarts. 

But again, time is limited. 

Alternatively, use a different approach: since the maximum overlap is what we need to minimize, perhaps we can use a heuristic to adjust the h values to lower the maximum. For example, during optimization, identify the shift with the highest overlap and adjust the h values to reduce that overlap. 

But that's more of a heuristic and may not be straightforward to implement. 

Another Idea: Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum correlation, maybe using a loss function that weights the maximum correlation more strongly. However, the exact formulation is unclear. 

At this point, given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to try modifying the previous code to use a different optimization method and see if that improves the results. 

So, modifying the code to use 'trust-constr' instead of 'SLSQP', and possibly adjusting the number of iterations. 

But to make this work, I need to adjust the code accordingly. 

Another thing: the current code uses 'SLSQP' and has options like 'ftol' and 'eps' set to 1e-9. Maybe increasing those values could allow for faster convergence. 

Alternatively, using 'COBYLA' as the method, which is another constrained optimization method. 

But again, without testing, it's hard to say. 

Another possible improvement: since the problem is to minimize the maximum across all shifts, perhaps the maximum is dominated by a few shifts. Therefore, focusing on optimizing those shifts could lead to better results. 

But identifying which shifts are critical requires evaluating the correlations, which is part of the optimization process. 

Alternatively, during the optimization, we could prioritize reducing the maximum value by adjusting the h values. 

But again, this is part of the optimization process. 

In conclusion, I think that changing the optimization method from 'SLSQP' to 'trust-constr' might yield better results. So, I'll try modifying the code to use 'trust-constr', increase the number of iterations, and possibly use a better initial guess. 

Thus, the updated code would look like this: 

Use different optimization methods, possibly 'trust-constr', and maybe increase the number of perturbations. 

But since I don't have the exact knowledge of what the best method is, I'll proceed with modifying the previous code to use 'trust-constr'. 

Also, to make the code run faster, perhaps reducing the number of iterations. 

But the user's previous code had a time limit of 100 seconds. So, the code needs to finish within that. 

Another change: instead of using multiple perturbations of the initial guess, try using different initial guesses, such as random ones, to explore the space more. 

This could be a better approach. 

So, here's the plan for the new code:

- Start with the initial guess, but also generate a few random initial guesses that satisfy the sum constraint. 

- For each initial guess, run the optimization using 'trust-constr' or another method. 

- Track the best solution found. 

This approach might explore more of the search space. 

However, generating random initial guesses that meet the sum constraint requires some calculation. 

For example, generating a random h_vector with sum 22.5 can be done by creating a random array between 0 and 1, and then scaling it to meet the sum constraint. 

But this is computationally intensive. 

Alternatively, using a simple method: create a vector where each element is randomly chosen between 0 and 1, and then scale the values so that the sum is 22.5. 

So, for example:

random_h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)

scaling_factor = 22.5 / random_h.sum()

random_h *= scaling_factor

This would give a random vector with sum 22.5. 

But this might introduce large variations, but since we're using a small n_points (45), it's manageable. 

Thus, generating multiple random initial guesses and running the optimization from them could lead to better results. 

Incorporating this into the code: 

- Generate 5 random initial guesses. 

- For each, run the optimization with 'trust-constr' method. 

- Keep track of the best result. 

This would allow more exploration of the search space. 

So, integrating this into the code, replacing the previous perturbation steps. 

Given that, the code could be modified to generate multiple random initial guesses and optimize them. 

Thus, the final code would involve generating multiple initial guesses, using a different optimization method, and selecting the best solution. 

But to fit this into the time constraint, perhaps using a few initial guesses and running them. 

Now, putting it all together into the code. 

So, the revised code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as one initial guess. 

- Generate several random initial guesses. 

- For each, run the optimization with 'trust-constr' method. 

- Choose the best one. 

But I need to check the libraries available. scipy.optimize has 'trust-constr', which is a good choice. 

Let me write the code accordingly. 

Also, note that the previous code used 'SLSQP' with a constraint. Now, using 'trust-constr' with the same constraint. 

So, the code would look like:

import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Assume initial_h_values is a global variable if available
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    # Generate multiple initial guesses
    n_initial_guesses = 5
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess.copy()]
    for _ in range(n_initial_guesses - 1):
        # Generate a random initial guess with sum 22.5
        random_h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, size=n_points)
        random_h *= target_sum / np.sum(random_h)
        initial_guesses.append(random_h)
    
    # Run optimization for each initial guess
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Use trust-constr method
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=guess,
            method='trust-constr',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'tol': 1e-8, 'maxiter': 100}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

But this code may not be efficient enough, as the trust-constr method might be slower. 

Alternatively, using a combination of the previous perturbation approach and using trust-constr. 

But given the time constraints, this might be a better approach. 

Another optimization: reducing the number of initial guesses to, say, 3. 

But given that, this code may improve the result. 

Testing this code against the previous one would be needed. 

However, since I can't run the code, I need to reason about what changes would be beneficial. 

In the previous code, the objective function is evaluated with the max of the correlation. The trust-constr method is better at handling constraints and may provide a better local minimum. 

Moreover, generating random initial guesses increases the chance of finding a better global minimum. 

This approach is likely to yield a better result than the previous one. 

Another improvement: adjust the 'maxiter' parameter to something like 200, and 'tol' to 1e-8 for higher precision. 

Also, using a more precise optimization method. 

Thus, this code should be better than the previous one. 

Another thing to note: the trust-constr method may require more memory and computation, but with n_points = 45, it's manageable. 

Thus, this should be the revised code. 

But the user's previous code used a loop of 5 perturbations. Now, generating multiple random guesses. 

This code would probably find a better solution, leading to a lower C5 value. 

So, the final code is as above.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    # Generate 5 random initial guesses with correct sum
    n_initial = 5
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess.copy()]
    for _ in range(n_initial - 1):
        r = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
        r = r * target_sum / np.sum(r)
        initial_guesses.append(r)
    
    # Run optimizations
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=guess,
            method='trust-constr',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'tol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 200}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```