<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the goal is to get as low as 0.380876. The previous approach used a seed-based perturbation with SLSQP optimization, but it's not sufficient. Let me think about different strategies.

First, the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The challenge is to design a step function h that minimizes this maximum value.

The previous approach used a random perturbation and SLSQP optimization, but maybe that's too local. Maybe a better approach is to use a more global optimization method. Also, considering that the current solution is based on initial_h_values, perhaps the initial guess could be better optimized.

An alternative idea: Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of several integrals, perhaps we can use a coordinate descent approach. For each shift k, we can try to minimize the integral, but since the maximum is over all k, maybe we can alternate between optimizing for different k's. But how?

Another approach: Since the problem is similar to a dual optimization problem, maybe we can use gradient-based methods with constraints. However, the previous code used a local optimization method (SLSQP) which may not escape local minima.

Wait, the problem is a minimax problem. So we need to minimize over h the maximum over k of the integral. This is a non-convex problem, so global optimization is difficult. Maybe we can use some form of simulated annealing or genetic algorithms, but those are computationally intensive. Given the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps we need a more efficient approach.

Alternatively, think about the structure of the optimal function. For the Erdős problem, the optimal h is known to be a step function with certain properties, like being periodic or having a symmetric structure. For example, the known solution for C₅ is achieved by a step function that alternates between 0 and 1 with certain spacing. If we can find such a structure, maybe we can construct a better h.

Another idea: The previous code starts with initial_h_values, which may be a good starting point. To improve upon it, perhaps we can use a more structured perturbation. For example, instead of adding random noise, perturb the initial guess in a way that preserves the necessary properties, such as maintaining the total integral of 1.

Alternatively, perhaps we can use a different optimization method. For instance, using a particle swarm optimization or a Bayesian optimization approach. But implementing those from scratch might be time-consuming.

Wait, the user mentioned that the current solution achieved a C5 of 0.382356, which is worse than the current record. So we need to find a better solution. Let's consider that the function h is a step function with certain intervals. Maybe we can use a different initial guess, such as a more evenly spaced one.

Another thought: The current approach uses a random perturbation, but maybe we can use a deterministic perturbation, like shifting the initial distribution or modifying certain intervals. For instance, if the initial h has some regions with high values, we can try to spread them out.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). To minimize the maximum over k, the function h should be such that for any shift, the overlap is minimized. This resembles a kind of "well-separated" function, where h(x) is 1 in certain regions and 0 in others, but arranged in a way that overlapping regions are minimized.

Perhaps a better initial guess could be a more optimal step function. For example, using a construction similar to the known solutions for lower C5 values. Let me think: For C5, the known optimal is achieved by a function that is 1 on two intervals of length 1/3 each, and 0 elsewhere. But maybe a more optimized version with different intervals?

Wait, the user mentioned that the initial_h_values has n_points = 45 samples. Let me think about how to construct a better h. Maybe using a higher number of points but within the time budget? However, the user prefers smaller sequences. So trying to use n_points = 45, but with more intelligent optimization.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a perturbation. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a different optimization method like BFGS. Or maybe using a better initial guess.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method that can handle the constraints better. For instance, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints more effectively.

Another idea: The maximum of the cross-correlation can be minimized by ensuring that the cross-correlation for all k is balanced. Maybe we can use a gradient-based approach where we compute the gradients for each k and adjust the function accordingly.

But how to compute the gradients? The cross-correlation is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. For each k, the derivative of this with respect to h at a point x would be (1 - h(x +k)) if x is in the domain where h(x +k) is being adjusted. But this is complicated.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem, but since it's a max of convex functions, it's non-convex. Therefore, not directly applicable.

Another approach: Since the problem is to minimize the maximum, maybe we can use a penalty method where we penalize large values of the cross-correlations. But again, this might not be effective without proper tuning.

Let me think about the previous code again. The code starts with initial_h_values and then applies perturbations. But perhaps the initial guess is suboptimal. Let me think: if the initial_h_values is a good starting point, maybe we can improve it by optimizing more effectively.

Maybe the issue with the previous code is that it uses a limited number of perturbations and iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations, using a better optimization method, and/or using more systematic perturbations could help.

Wait, the code runs 5 iterations, each with a perturbation and optimization. Maybe that's not enough. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations, or using a different optimization method, like Nelder-Mead, which doesn't require gradients but is more robust.

Alternatively, using a different starting point. For example, creating a new initial guess that's more spread out.

Another idea: The current initial guess could be modified by splitting the regions where h is 1 into multiple intervals. For instance, if the initial h is 1 on a single interval, maybe splitting it into two intervals could reduce the overlap for certain shifts.

But how to implement this? Maybe using a structured perturbation, such as randomly choosing some points to adjust the step function's intervals.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different type of initial guess. For example, instead of relying on the initial_h_values, generate a randomized step function that satisfies the integral constraint.

Wait, the user's initial_h_values are provided, but maybe the code can be modified to start with a better initial guess. However, the user says that if initial_h_values is available, we should use it directly. So we can't change that. So maybe we need to find a better way to optimize it.

Another thought: The previous code uses the same starting point for each iteration and perturbs it. Maybe instead of using the previous best as the starting point for the next iteration, we can use a different approach, such as using a population-based optimization.

But given the time budget, perhaps a better approach is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the SLSQP method with a different set of parameters, like increasing the maximum number of iterations.

Wait, in the previous code, during each iteration, the code runs optimize.minimize with maxiter=500. However, the total time might be limited. Maybe reducing the maxiter for each minimization to save time and allow more iterations.

Alternatively, using a better optimization method. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method, which is more efficient for bound-constrained problems. Or using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints.

Let me think about the constraints. The problem has one equality constraint: sum(h) = target_sum. So for the optimization, the constraints are manageable. The bounds are on each h[i].

So, perhaps using COBYLA would be better here. Let me check the scipy.optimize documentation. The COBYLA method is suitable for problems with bounds and equality constraints.

So modifying the previous code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP might lead to better convergence. Let me try that. Also, perhaps using a more aggressive perturbation.

Another idea: The previous code uses a random perturbation of the current guess, but perhaps we can use a more systematic way to adjust the function. For example, applying a gradient-based adjustment in the direction of the negative gradient of the objective function.

But how to compute the gradient? Since the objective is the maximum over the cross-correlation, the gradient is tricky. However, if we can determine which k is causing the maximum, we can focus the optimization on that particular k.

So during optimization, we can track which k is the maximum, and then optimize the function to minimize that particular integral. This would be a sequential approach, where we alternate between optimizing for different k's.

Alternatively, for each step of the optimization, compute the current maximum k, then optimize the function to minimize that particular cross-correlation. This might lead to faster convergence.

Another idea: The cross-correlation can be evaluated for each k. If we can find the k that gives the maximum, then we can focus on minimizing that particular integral. However, this is a bit of a chicken-and-egg problem, as the k that's the maximum depends on the function h.

But during the optimization process, for each new h, we can compute the cross-correlation and find the maximum. Then, during the optimization, we can focus on minimizing that specific integral, which might lead to a more directed optimization.

So, modifying the code to use this approach: for each h, compute the maximum cross-correlation, and in the optimization, focus on minimizing that particular integral. However, since the objective function is the maximum, it's challenging to directly optimize that.

Another approach: Perhaps using a surrogate function. For example, during each iteration, the code could try to find the worst k and then perform gradient descent to reduce that particular integral. This is similar to the previous idea but with a more targeted approach.

But again, the previous code uses a global optimization method, which may not be sufficient. Let me think of practical code changes.

First, consider changing the optimization method to COBYLA. Also, perhaps adjusting the number of iterations and the other parameters to allow more accurate optimization within the time budget.

Another idea: To speed up the evaluation of the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which for a vector of length n_points, produces a result of length 2n_points - 1. Then, the maximum is taken. But for each h, this is O(n^2), which might be slow. However, with n_points=45, this is manageable.

But maybe there's a way to compute the cross-correlation more efficiently. However, given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to proceed as is.

So, modifying the previous code:

1. Use COBYLA method instead of SLSQP.
2. Increase the number of iterations, but within the time budget.
3. Use a better initial guess.
4. Maybe use a different perturbation strategy.

Wait, the current code uses a random perturbation around the current guess. But perhaps using a more structured perturbation, such as flipping certain intervals of the h function.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more global search, such as a genetic algorithm. But implementing a genetic algorithm within the time budget might be challenging, but given that the user allows use of scipy's optimization functions, perhaps not.

Alternatively, using the gradient descent method with a line search. However, gradient descent requires knowledge of the gradient, which is not straightforward here.

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the previous code:

- Change optimization method to COBYLA.
- Use a different perturbation strategy.
- Increase the number of iterations.

So, for the code:

Modify the optimization method to COBYLA. Also, perhaps using a different initial guess. However, the user says to use the initial_h_values directly.

Another idea is to use a different way of generating the initial guess. For example, instead of using initial_h_values, generate a more evenly spaced initial function. But since the user says to use initial_h_values when available, that's not possible.

Wait, the current initial_h_values may have some suboptimal structure. For example, maybe the function has some regions that could be adjusted to reduce the maximum overlap. So, perhaps using the initial guess and then applying a more appropriate optimization.

In the previous code, the perturbation is added and then clipped. But maybe instead of adding random noise, we can use a more systematic perturbation, like adjusting certain points based on their contribution to the overlap.

Alternatively, during the optimization, we can focus on the k that gives the maximum overlap. For example, for each iteration, compute the maximum k, then use only that k in the objective function. This would make the optimization more focused.

But the objective function needs to be the maximum over all k, so this approach may not directly work. However, during the optimization process, we could track the worst k and try to minimize it, which might lead to a better solution.

Let me think: If we can find the worst k and then optimize for that k, perhaps we can iteratively improve the solution. For instance, first find the k that gives the maximum overlap for the initial guess, then optimize the h to reduce that particular integral. Then, after the optimization, find the new worst k and repeat. This is similar to a coordinate descent approach.

But integrating this into the optimization would require adjusting the objective function dynamically.

Alternatively, during each optimization step, we could have multiple objectives, but that may be complex.

Another idea: Since the problem is a minimax problem, we can use a iterative approach where we alternate between solving for the h that minimizes the maximum integral and the k that maximizes the integral. But again, this is complex.

Given time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, increase the number of iterations, and use a better initial guess.

Wait, in the previous code, the code runs 5 iterations, each with a perturbation and optimization. Maybe this can be increased. However, the time budget is 100 seconds. Let me estimate the time.

Suppose each iteration with optimize.minimize takes about 10 seconds. Then, 5 iterations would take 50 seconds, leaving 50 seconds for other steps. But this depends on the problem size and the method used.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method that converges faster.

Let me proceed to code:

Modify the optimization method to COBYLA, which handles bounds and constraints. Also, using a more aggressive perturbation strategy.

Additionally, maybe the initial guess can be modified to be more spread out. For example, if the initial h has very long intervals of 1, perhaps splitting them into smaller intervals could help.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial guess is a step function with certain intervals, and we can adjust it to have more intervals, which may help in balancing the overlaps.

But since the initial_h_values is given, perhaps modifying that is not allowed.

So, the code:

Use COBYLA instead of SLSQP. Increase the number of iterations. Also, during perturbation, instead of adding random noise, perhaps use a different strategy.

Another option is to use a different starting point. For example, the initial guess can be a more spread-out function. However, the user says to use initial_h_values if available, so we cannot change that.

Thus, the plan is to:

- Use COBYLA method for optimization.
- Perturb the guess in a more structured way, perhaps by adjusting the cumulative sum to maintain the integral constraint.
- Increase the number of iterations.

So, modifying the code accordingly.

Another consideration: The previous code sets the perturbed_guess to have the correct sum by scaling. However, this may introduce some artifacts. Maybe using a different way to maintain the sum.

Additionally, the code uses a random normal perturbation, which may not be effective. Instead, perhaps using a uniform perturbation or a more directional one.

But for the sake of time, perhaps the code can be adjusted as follows:

Change the optimization method to COBYLA.

Also, in the code for each perturbation, maybe using a smaller perturbation to avoid divergence.

Another possible change: Instead of running 5 iterations, run more. For example, 10. But need to check if time is sufficient.

Let me write the code with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * 2.0 / n_points
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    current_guess = initial_guess.copy()
    
    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Perturb current guess with a directional step
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, 0.02, n_points)
        perturbed_guess = current_guess + perturb
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(perturbed_guess, 0, 1)
        if np.sum(perturbed_guess) < 1e-6:
            perturbed_guess += np.random.uniform(0, 1e-6, n_points)
        perturbed_guess = perturbed_guess * (target_sum) / np.sum(perturbed_guess)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                current_guess = best_h.copy()
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```