<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used a perturbation method with SLSQP optimization, but maybe there's a better approach.

First, let me understand the problem. We have to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1.

The current code uses a starting point given by initial_h_values, which has 45 points. The code then perturbs this initial guess and optimizes using SLSQP. However, this might get stuck in local minima. So maybe a different optimization strategy or a better starting point could help.

Hmm. What are the limitations of the current approach? It's a local search method. Maybe a global optimization approach would find better solutions. Alternatively, maybe using a different method like genetic algorithms, simulated annealing, or even a different local search strategy.

Another angle: the problem is similar to optimizing a function with constraints. Maybe using more sophisticated optimization techniques, like using a different method in scipy.optimize, or using a different kind of constraint handling.

Wait, the previous code also used a fixed number of perturbations and a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or trying different perturbation strategies could help. Or maybe using a different starting point, perhaps one that's more spread out or has different patterns.

Alternatively, the problem could be approached by considering the structure of the optimal function. For the Erdős problem, the optimal function is known to be a specific step function with certain properties. For C₅, maybe there's a known construction that can be adapted here. But the user hasn't provided that, so I need to come up with a way to generate such a function.

Let me think about the structure. The function h should be such that when shifted by different k, the overlap with 1 - h is minimized. The optimal h would have regions where it's 1 and regions where it's 0, arranged in a way that minimizes the maximum overlap. For example, maybe a periodic or symmetric pattern.

But how to model this? Since we are working with a step function, maybe we can divide the interval [0,2] into blocks and assign h(x) to be 0 or 1 in those blocks. However, the exact arrangement needs to be optimized.

Wait, the problem allows h to be a step function, which implies that it's piecewise constant. So maybe the optimal h is a combination of intervals where h is 1 or 0, and the lengths of these intervals are carefully chosen to minimize the maximum overlap.

But how to find the lengths and positions of these intervals? This sounds like a combinatorial optimization problem, which might be difficult. However, with the given constraints (integral 1 over [0,2], which is 1 * 2 = 2? Wait, no. Wait the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So the total area under h is 1. Since h is between 0 and 1, that means the average value of h is 1/2.

So the function h has a total area of 1. So if we model h as a step function with different segments, we need to choose positions and heights such that the total integral is 1.

But how to model this for optimization? Maybe we can model h as a set of points where it's 1 or 0, but that's not necessary. Since h is a step function, it can have multiple steps, but each step's value is either 0 or 1. Wait, no. A step function is defined as being constant on intervals, but the values can be any between 0 and 1. However, the problem says h is a step function, but perhaps the user is using it as a discretized version, where each point is either 0 or 1. Wait, no. The initial_h_values has 45 samples, each between 0 and 1, so the step function is determined by the discrete samples. So the actual function h is a piecewise constant function with steps at the sample points.

So the problem is to find a vector of 0s and 1s (but not necessarily) that, when integrated over [0,2], gives 1, and the maximum overlap integral is minimized.

But in the code, the optimization uses a continuous variable h_values, each between 0 and 1. So perhaps using a more structured approach, like enforcing certain patterns, could help. For example, partitioning the interval into regions where h is 1 or 0, but that's not necessarily the case.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal function has a certain symmetry. For example, if we split the interval [0,2] into equal parts and set h to be 1 in some parts and 0 in others. Let's think about that. Suppose we divide the interval into m parts. If m is even, then the total area would be the number of parts where h is 1 multiplied by the length of each part. Since each part has length 2/m, then the total area would be (number of 1s) * (2/m). Setting that equal to 1 gives (number of 1s) = m/2. So m must be even. For example, if m=4, then 2 parts of 1, each of length 0.5, leading to total area 1.0.

But how would that affect the overlap integral? For a given k, the overlap integral would depend on how the shifts of the function h overlap with the regions where h is 1 and the regions where it is 0.

However, this approach is very simplistic. The optimal solution might not be based on such regular patterns. So maybe we need to find a more clever way to model the function.

Another thought: the maximum overlap integral is over all k. So, for any shift k, we have to minimize the worst-case overlap. To minimize the maximum, we need the function to be as "spread out" as possible. For example, if the function h is a union of intervals that are arranged in such a way that any shift would overlap with as few as possible of the regions where h is 1.

But how to model this? Maybe using a combinatorial approach where h is a set of intervals, but again, optimization of such a structure is complex.

Alternatively, perhaps using a gradient-based optimization method with more sophisticated search strategies. The previous code used SLSQP, but maybe using other methods like COBYLA or BFGS would help. Or maybe using a different optimization library, like using CVXOPT for quadratic programming if the problem can be reformulated.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum of the overlap integrals. To turn this into a convex optimization problem, perhaps not straightforward. Because the objective is the maximum of convex functions (each overlap integral is a convex function in h?), which makes the overall problem a convex optimization problem with convex constraints. But the maximum of convex functions is not convex, so minimizing a convex maximum is non-convex. Therefore, it's not a convex optimization problem, which complicates things.

So perhaps using a local search method is the only feasible approach given the time constraints. The previous code uses multiple perturbations and SLSQP, but maybe we can improve the perturbation strategy or increase the search space.

Another idea: instead of starting from the initial_h_values, maybe try different starting points. For example, using a "greedy" starting point where the function is arranged in a way that evenly distributes the 1s and 0s, or in some periodic pattern.

Alternatively, we can use a more systematic approach. For example, try to use a genetic algorithm to evolve better solutions. But given the time budget of 100 seconds, a genetic algorithm might be too slow unless we have a very efficient implementation.

Wait, the previous approach used SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe adjusting the parameters of the optimization, like increasing the number of iterations, changing the method, or using a better initial guess.

Another thought: the evaluate_erdos_solution() function is pre-imported, which might be a way to evaluate the current solution. But the user hasn't provided that, so I don't know. However, the previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. The maximum of that is what needs to be minimized.

Wait, the code uses the np.correlate function with mode 'full', which gives the full cross-correlation. For the overlap integral, when we shift by k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) over x. But when we have a discretized version, the cross-correlation would approximate this integral. However, for the overlap integral over k, the code is computing the full cross-correlation, then taking the maximum of that, multiplied by dx.

So, the approach of the previous code is correct in that regard. Now, the challenge is to find the h that minimizes this maximum.

Another idea: use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients. Or use a different optimizer that can handle the constraints better.

Alternatively, perhaps using the fact that the problem is symmetric. For example, since the integral is over [0,2], and h is a function over that interval, the optimal h might have some symmetry properties. For example, being symmetric around 1 or something like that. So maybe imposing some symmetry constraints during optimization could help find better solutions.

Another approach could be to use a grid search over some parameters, but with 45 points, that's not feasible unless the parameters are few. But with the time budget, grid search is probably not the way to go.

Hmm. Let's think about the current code's shortcomings. The perturbation step adds a small normal distribution to the current guess, then clips and normalizes. But this might not explore the search space effectively. Perhaps using a different perturbation, like random restarts, or more intelligent exploration.

Alternatively, considering that the previous code runs for 5 iterations of perturbing and optimizing, perhaps increasing the number of iterations or using multiple different starting points could help.

Another thing: using different initial guesses. The initial_h_values is provided, but maybe generating other initial guesses, such as ones with different structures. For example, a pattern that alternates between 1 and 0 in a certain way. But how to generate that algorithmically?

Alternatively, the initial_h_values might be an existing solution that's close to the optimal. Maybe we can use that as a starting point and then run optimization with more aggressive steps.

Wait, the previous code has a loop where for each iteration, it perturbs the current guess, then optimizes. If the perturbation is too small, it might get stuck in local optima. Maybe increasing the perturbation size or using a different strategy for generating perturbations.

Another idea: using a basin-hopping method, which is a global optimization technique that combines local optimization with random perturbations. However, scipy doesn't have a basin-hopping implementation, but maybe we can simulate it manually.

Alternatively, the code could use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which allows box constraints, and see if it converges better.

Another thing: the current code is using a fixed number of iterations (5) but maybe increasing that or running multiple times with different initial guesses would help.

Also, perhaps using a different constraint handling. The current code has a constraint that the sum of h_values must be target_sum. This is implemented as an equality constraint in the optimization problem.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP which can handle constraints. Maybe using a different approach to the constraint, like directly enforcing the sum constraint during the perturbation steps.

Alternatively, the code could use a penalty method, but that's similar to what's already being done.

Hmm. Let's think about the evaluation function. The objective is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. This is a non-convex function, so the optimization is challenging. To reduce the maximum, we need to find a function h that, for all k, the overlap integral is as small as possible.

What if we consider that the worst-case k is when the shift leads to maximum overlap. So, perhaps the optimal h is one that balances the overlaps for all possible k. Maybe there's a way to model this with some kind of regularization.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function h that is as "unbiased" as possible in terms of its overlap with its shifted versions. This is similar to the concept of a "dual frame" or something in signal processing, but not sure.

Alternatively, perhaps using a Fourier analysis approach. Since the overlap integral involves integrating h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)), which can be transformed into the Fourier domain. The maximum over k would then relate to the maximum over frequencies. However, I'm not sure how to proceed with this approach.

Alternatively, using the fact that for a given h, the overlap integrals for different shifts are related to the autocorrelation of h. But again, not sure.

Back to the code. The previous code uses 5 iterations of perturbation and optimization. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a more aggressive optimization approach could help.

Another possible improvement: instead of using perturbations that are small (adding a normal distribution with 0.05 standard deviation), perhaps using larger perturbations and then optimizing in a more global manner. But this might lead to getting stuck in poor local minima.

Alternatively, using multiple different starting points. For example, starting from the initial_h_values, then starting from a random initial guess, then a periodic pattern, etc. Then, for each starting point, run the optimization and choose the best result.

But with time constraints, this might not be feasible unless the code is optimized.

Another idea: the current code uses the same starting point for all iterations, but if we can generate different perturbations each time, maybe we can explore more of the search space.

Alternatively, the code could use a different optimization method for each perturbation, like switching between different solvers, or using a different set of options.

Also, in the previous code, the perturbed guess is generated by adding a normal distribution to the current guess, then clipping and normalizing. Maybe there's a better way to generate perturbations, like using a random walk or another strategy.

Let me think about how to structure the code. The current approach is to take the initial guess, then do 5 iterations where each iteration perturbs the current guess and optimizes it. Perhaps instead of doing 5 iterations, we can do more, or run multiple independent optimizations from different starting points.

But the time budget is 100 seconds. Let's think about how CPU time is used. The previous code runs 5 iterations, each with an optimization that takes a few iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the number of optimizations could help. However, the code might run out of time.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method but with different parameters, like increasing the maxiter, or using different tolerances. Or using the 'COBYLA' method which can handle bounds more effectively.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The cross-correlation is computed as np.correlate, which for a full mode gives a result of length 2n -1. The maximum is taken over all these values. However, when we shift by k, the overlap integral is for k in the range that makes sense. But since the problem is over all k, the code's approach of taking the maximum of the cross-correlation is correct.

So, given that, I need to find the h that minimizes the maximum of these values. 

Another thing to note: when h is a step function, the cross-correlation might have some structure that can be exploited. For example, if h is periodic, the cross-correlation might have symmetries that can be used to find the maximum.

Alternatively, using a more systematic approach, like trying different patterns for h and evaluating their performance. For example, a checkerboard pattern where h is 1 on some intervals and 0 on others. But how to model this with the code.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code's optimization strategy. For example, using a different optimizer, increasing the number of iterations, or improving the perturbation strategy.

Let's think about using a different optimization method. For instance, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method which is suitable for bound-constrained optimization. The previous code used 'SLSQP', which is for general constraints. Maybe switching to a method that is more efficient for this problem.

Alternatively, using the 'TNC' method, which is suitable for bound-constrained optimization. However, I'm not sure which method would work best.

Another idea: during the optimization process, the code can track the best solution found so far, and after some time, return the best one. This is what the previous code does. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations allows for more exploration.

Let me also check the time budget. The previous code runs for 5 iterations, each with an optimization. The code tracks the elapsed time and stops if it exceeds 100 seconds. So maybe increasing the number of iterations or trying multiple starting points could use the time more efficiently.

Another possible improvement: using a different initial guess. For example, if the initial_h_values is not good, maybe generate a better initial guess. How? For example, create a pattern where the function h is split into several intervals, with varying lengths, ensuring the total area is 1. For example, if we divide the interval into n parts, some with h=1 and others with h=0, arranged in a way that the overlaps are minimized.

But generating this pattern algorithmically is needed. For example, one could create a pattern where the function h is 1 on alternating intervals of certain lengths. However, without knowing the optimal pattern, this is speculative.

Alternatively, using a starting point that is a random permutation of 0s and 1s, ensuring the sum is correct. But again, this is just a guess.

Another possibility: use the fact that the optimal function is known for lower C values, like C₃ or C₄. For example, for C₃, the optimal function is a triangle wave, or something like that. Maybe applying a similar structure for C₅. However, without specific knowledge, it's hard to apply this.

Alternatively, thinking about the Erdős problem in general, which is about the minimum maximum overlap for a function with certain properties. The known solutions often involve functions with a certain number of intervals or specific patterns. For example, for C₅, the optimal function may have 5 intervals, or something like that. But without knowing, it's hard to exploit.

In the end, maybe the best approach is to refine the previous code by changing the optimization method and strategy. For example, using a different optimizer, increasing the number of iterations, and changing the perturbation strategy.

Let me adjust the code accordingly. For example:

- Use a different optimization method, such as 'L-BFGS-B' which handles bound constraints efficiently.
- Increase the number of iterations in the optimization loop.
- Try different perturbation strategies, like adding larger random perturbations.
- Use more diverse starting points, not just perturbations of the initial guess.

Let me outline the changes:

The code would start with the initial guess, then generate multiple perturbations, each time optimizing from a new starting point. For each starting point, the optimization is run with a higher number of iterations. The best solution found so far is retained.

But given the time constraints, I need to make sure that the code doesn't take too long. Also, using the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations might be better.

Alternatively, using a random restart approach where multiple different starting points are tried, and the best solution is selected.

Another thing to consider is that the previous code may not be exploring the search space effectively. By generating different starting points, perhaps better solutions can be found.

In the previous code, the perturbation is small. However, perhaps generating larger perturbations could lead to escaping local minima. However, this might not be feasible without running into poor solutions.

So, here's a plan for the new code:

1. Start with the initial_h_values.
2. Generate multiple random starting points, each with some structure.
3. For each starting point, run an optimization with a more aggressive method.
4. Track the best solution found so far.
5. Use a combination of perturbations and different starting points to explore the search space.

Implementation in code:

- Use a different optimizer, perhaps L-BFGS-B.
- Increase the number of iterations in the optimization loop.
- Use a different way to generate starting points, such as random permutations of 0s and 1s with the correct sum.
- Or use a structured pattern, like dividing the interval into equal parts and assigning h to 1 or 0 in a way that minimizes the overlap.

However, generating such structured patterns is challenging. For example, if I create a pattern where the function h is 1 for half of the interval and 0 for the other half. But that might not be optimal. However, for the sake of trying, perhaps trying such a pattern could help.

Alternatively, creating a pattern where the function h is 1 on certain intervals that are spaced to minimize overlap.

But given the time, I'll need to think of a way to implement this.

Wait, maybe the previous code can be modified to use a different optimizer. Let's try using SLSQP with increased parameters, or switch to L-BFGS-B.

Another thought: perhaps using a hybrid approach. For example, using a genetic algorithm to find good starting points, then using SLSQP to refine them. But given the time constraints, this might be too complex.

Alternatively, using a more efficient method for the optimization. For example, the current code uses SLSQP with maxiter=500. Maybe increasing that to 1000, or using a better tolerance.

Also, perhaps the initial guess is not good enough, so generating multiple initial guesses from different structures would help.

But generating those guesses algorithmically is needed. For example, for a small number of points, say 45, dividing the interval into 3 segments and assigning h values in certain ways.

Another idea: create a pattern where h has several regions of 1s and 0s, arranged in a way that overlaps are minimized. For example, for 5 regions, but again, this is guesswork.

Alternatively, trying to use a more systematic approach for the initial guesses. For example, generate a set of initial points where the function h is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, ensuring the total area is 1.

But how to generate this algorithmically? For example, for n_points, generate a list of 1s and 0s, with the total sum being n_points/2. This can be done by randomly choosing positions where the function is 1, ensuring that the sum is correct. However, this is likely to result in a solution that isn't optimal.

But perhaps trying such a starting point could lead to better results.

So, in the code, we can generate a few different starting points, like:

- The initial_h_values.
- A random binary vector with sum n_points/2.
- A periodic pattern.
- A structured pattern like alternating 1s and 0s.

These starting points can then be optimized to find better solutions.

Incorporating this into the code:

- Generate multiple starting points, not just perturbations of the initial guess.
- For each, run an optimization and keep track of the best solution.

But how to implement this efficiently?

In the previous code, the loop runs 5 times, each time perturbing and optimizing. Perhaps replacing that with generating multiple starting points and optimizing each.

But the time budget is 100 seconds, so the code needs to run within that.

Another possible optimization is to use a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. For example, precomputing it in a vectorized way or using the scipy.signal.correlate function, which might be faster than the current approach.

Wait, the current code uses np.correlate, which might not be the most efficient way. Perhaps using scipy.signal.correlate with mode 'full' would be better.

Alternatively, precompute all possible shifts efficiently.

But the code already uses numpy's correlate function, so perhaps that's sufficient.

Now, putting it all together, here's an outline of the revised code:

- Use the initial_h_values as one starting point.
- Generate a few other starting points, such as random binary vectors with the correct sum.
- For each starting point, run the optimization with a method like SLSQP or L-BFGS-B.
- Keep track of the best solution found so far.
- Return the best solution after using up the time budget.

In code, this might look like:

- Import necessary modules.
- Define the run function.
- Generate multiple starting points.
- For each, optimize and check the result.
- Select the best.

But how to generate the random binary vectors? For example, for a certain number of points, choose half of them as 1 and the rest as 0. However, for n_points=45, this would be 22.5, but since n_points is even? Wait, n_points is len(initial_h_values) which is 45. Wait, the code has sum(h) * dx = 1. For dx = 2.0 / n_points, sum(h) should be n_points / 2.

So, for example, if n_points is even, then n_points / 2 is an integer. But 45 is odd, so n_points / 2 = 22.5. Therefore, the sum of the h_values should be 22.5.

So for the random binary vector, it's not possible to have exactly sum 22.5, so we need to have some fractional values. But the binary vector is a stepping stone. Alternatively, generate a binary vector where the sum is approximately 22.5, then adjust it to meet the exact requirement.

But generating a binary vector with sum close to 22.5. For 45 points, it would require 22 or 23 1s. So, randomly choose 22 or 23 positions, and set those to 1, the others to 0. Then adjust the sum to exactly 22.5 by setting one of the 0s to 0.5, etc. But this is complicated algorithmically.

Instead, the code could generate a random binary vector with sum 22 or 23, then adjust it to sum to 22.5 by adding a fractional value to one of the entries. But this requires careful handling.

Alternatively, for the purposes of generating a starting point, just generate a random binary vector with sum near 22.5, and then use it as a starting point. However, this might not be straightforward.

Perhaps it's easier to generate a random vector with values in {0, 1}, then clip and normalize to ensure the sum is correct. But this is not trivial.

Alternatively, for the purpose of starting points, use a random vector with values between 0 and 1, ensuring that the sum is correct. But generating such a vector algorithmically is not straightforward.

Given the time, perhaps it's better to try to use the initial guess and a few other starting points that are generated by perturbing it, but with different perturbation methods.

Alternatively, the code can be modified to use a different optimizer and increase the number of iterations. For example, using 'L-BFGS-B' method, which might find better solutions.

But to implement this, I need to adjust the code's optimization part.

So, revising the code:

- Use 'L-BFGS-B' method.
- Increase the number of iterations.
- Generate more starting points.

Let me draft the code.

The key changes would be:

- Replace the optimization method.
- Adjust the parameters, such as increasing maxiter.
- Try more starting points.

Here's a code snippet idea:

import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    current_guess = initial_guess.copy()
    
    # Try different starting points
    for _ in range(3):  # Try multiple starting points
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Generate a new starting point
        if _ == 0:
            # Use initial guess
            perturbed_guess = current_guess.copy()
        else:
            # Generate random perturbation
            perturbed_guess = current_guess.copy() + np.random.normal(0, 0.1, n_points)
            perturbed_guess = np.clip(perturbed_guess, 0, 1)
            # Ensure sum is correct
            perturbed_guess = perturbed_guess * (target_sum) / np.sum(perturbed_guess)
        
        # Optimize with L-BFGS-B
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                current_guess = best_h.copy()
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

Wait, but this uses 'L-BFGS-B' instead of 'SLSQP'. Also, the number of iterations (3) is reduced, and the perturbation is larger (0.1 standard deviation). This might help in exploring better regions.

But this is just a guess. The actual effectiveness depends on the problem.

Another adjustment: increase the number of iterations in the optimization. Perhaps the code should run the optimization for more iterations.

But this is speculative. Another possible change is to use a different way to generate the starting points, like a periodic pattern.

But given the time, I think this is the best approach. So the final code would involve changing the optimization method, adjusting the perturbations, and trying multiple starting points.

Also, the current code uses a loop that runs for a fixed number of iterations, but perhaps increasing that.

Another possible improvement is to use the 'COBYLA' method, which doesn't require gradients and can handle constraints.

In conclusion, the revised code would use a different optimizer, adjust the perturbation strategy, and try multiple starting points to find a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    current_guess = initial_guess.copy()
    
    # Hybrid strategy: perturbations + random restarts
    for _ in range(4):  # Run more restarts to escape local optima
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Generate a new starting point
        if _ == 0:
            perturbed = current_guess.copy()
        else:
            perturbed = current_guess.copy() + np.random.normal(0, 0.15, n_points)
            perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
            # Normalize to ensure sum constraint
            perturbed = perturbed * target_sum / np.sum(perturbed)
        
        # Use L-BFGS-B for more efficient convergence
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                current_guess = best_h.copy()
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```