<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The problem is about finding a step function h on [0, 2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The current best is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and my goal is to get even lower, like below 0.380876.

The previous code uses a gradient-based optimization with SLSQP method, starting from an initial guess and perturbing it. But maybe that approach isn't sufficient to find the global minimum. I need to think of a different strategy.

First, let's understand the problem again. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since h is a step function, maybe there's a way to structure it to minimize the maximum overlap for various shifts. 

The constraints are that the integral of h over [0, 2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1. The previous code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points) and tries to optimize the h values. However, the initial construction (initial_h_values) might have local minima. Maybe using different starting points or different optimization techniques would help.

The previous approach uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations and perturbing the initial guess. Maybe that's not the best way. What if I use a different optimization method, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing? But those might be too slow given the time budget. Alternatively, maybe using a more robust optimization method with better convergence properties.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is structured in a way that balances the overlaps across different shifts. For example, maybe distributing the 1s and 0s in h in a pattern that avoids high overlaps for any shift. 

For instance, if h is a periodic function with certain symmetry, it might help. But since the domain is [0, 2], maybe splitting it into intervals where h is 1 or 0 in a specific pattern. However, the previous code uses a step function with specific samples, so I need to find such a pattern.

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of regions with different values. For example, having h(x) be 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, arranged such that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. The key is to minimize the maximum overlap over all possible k. 

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a set of points (the supports of h) such that no shift of the set interacts too much with itself. This is similar to packing problems or avoiding certain overlaps.

The current approach has a problem: the initial guess might be a local minimum, and perturbing it may not lead to better results. Maybe using a different starting point, such as a more uniform distribution of 1s and 0s, could help. For example, if h is designed to have 1s and 0s arranged periodically, maybe with a certain period that reduces overlaps. 

Alternatively, maybe using a binary pattern with more structure. For example, if the function h alternates between high and low values in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. 

Another approach is to model this as an optimization problem with constraints. The overlap integral for each shift k needs to be minimized. But since it's a maximization over k, perhaps using a convex optimization approach. However, the problem is non-convex, so that might not be straightforward. 

What about using a greedy approach? For example, iteratively adjust h to reduce the maximum overlap. Start with an initial guess and then, for each shift k, find the shift with the highest overlap and adjust h to decrease that value. But this could get stuck in local minima.

Alternatively, use a global optimization algorithm that explores the search space more thoroughly. But given the time budget, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. 

Wait, the previous code uses scipy's optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe this isn't the best method. What about using a different optimization method, like Nelder-Mead (Simplex)? Or maybe a Bayesian optimization approach with random sampling. But with the time budget of 100 seconds, it's not clear if these would be better.

Another idea: since the problem involves maximizing the overlap over different k, perhaps the worst-case k is when k is such that the shift wraps around the interval. For example, the overlap integral depends on the intersection of h(x) and 1 - h(x + k). So, for different shifts, the overlap could be evaluated based on how much of h is 1 in some region and h is 0 in the shifted region. 

To minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we need to ensure that for any shift, the amount of h where it overlaps with 1 - h is minimized. This might require h to have a structure that avoids having large regions where it's 1 and the shifted version is 0. 

For example, if h is designed such that its 1s are spread out in a way that when shifted by any k, the 1s of h and the 0s of the shifted h don't overlap much. 

This might be similar to error-correcting codes or anticorrelation. For instance, if the positions of 1s in h are spread out so that shifting them by any amount doesn't align with a lot of 1s in h.

Alternatively, considering the function h as a probability distribution, then the overlap could be seen as the probability that h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. So minimizing the maximum over all k of this probability. 

But how to model this. Maybe using a combinatorial approach, but with the continuity of the function.

Another thought: since the integral over [0, 2] is fixed, maybe the function h can be designed with certain thresholds. For example, if h is 1 in intervals that are spaced apart so that when shifted, they don't overlap much.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem. Maybe the previous code's approach is the most straightforward, but perhaps the starting point can be improved. 

The initial_h_values provided earlier might not be the best starting point. If I can generate a better initial guess, that could help. For example, generating a more optimal initial h by using some heuristic, like splitting the interval into equal parts and assigning values based on that. 

Alternatively, using a known construction for similar problems. For example, in the Erdős problem, the optimal solution might involve a specific pattern. However, since I don't have that knowledge, I need to find a way to generate better starting points.

Wait, the previous code uses initial_h_values with n_points = 45. Maybe I can try a different n_points? The user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. However, the current code uses n_points = 45. Perhaps using more samples (say, 100) could lead to better results, but with the time budget of 100s, it's possible. 

But increasing n_points would increase the size of the problem, which might take more time. So, maybe it's better to stick with a lower n_points, but find a better starting point.

Another idea: the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum of several functions. So, perhaps using a penalty method in optimization, where the objective function penalizes the maximum overlap. But that would require using a solver that can handle that.

Alternatively, maybe using the scipy.optimize.minimize function with a different method, like COBYLA, which handles bounds well. Or using a more robust method.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe switching to a global optimization method. But scipy doesn't have a built-in global optimizer. However, there are other methods like simulated annealing, but those might be too slow.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach with random sampling. However, for a 45-dimensional problem, that might not be feasible in 100 seconds.

Alternatively, trying to find a periodic pattern. For example, if the function h is designed to be periodic with certain properties. Since the domain is [0, 2], maybe splitting it into intervals where h is 1 for a certain length and 0 for another, arranged periodically.

Wait, if the function h is made up of repeated segments, then the overlap when shifted would depend on the alignment of the segments. For example, if the 1s are in a pattern that repeats every certain length, perhaps the overlap can be minimized.

But the exact construction is unclear. Maybe trying to generate a function h with a certain periodic structure.

For example, suppose we divide [0, 2] into m equal intervals. If h is 1 in certain positions and 0 in others, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. 

Alternatively, using a binary pattern with equal numbers of 1s and 0s, but arranged to maximize spacing between 1s. For example, if the 1s are spaced as far apart as possible, this could reduce overlaps when shifted.

But with the integral constraint, the number of 1s must be such that their total length is 1. So, for example, if the function is piecewise constant with values 0 or 1, the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h=1 must be 1.

So, if I have m intervals where h=1, each of length l_i, then the sum of l_i is 1. The positions of these intervals would need to be chosen such that their shifts don't overlap too much.

But how to model this. It's a combinatorial problem. Maybe for a given number of intervals, find the best placement.

But since this is a numerical optimization problem, perhaps using a numerical approach is better.

Another thought: the current code uses multiple optimization runs with perturbations. Maybe instead of that, use a more systematic approach. For example, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm, which is a metaheuristic that can explore the search space more globally.

However, implementing PSO might be time-consuming and not efficient enough within the time budget. 

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm. But again, coding that from scratch might not be feasible in the time.

Alternatively, use a different optimization library. The previous code uses scipy.optimize, which might have limitations. What if I can use a different solver, like from the cvxpy library, but it's not clear how to model the problem as a convex optimization problem.

Wait, the problem is non-convex. However, perhaps some relaxation can be applied. For example, the overlap integral is a max function over k, which makes the problem non-convex. So, it's difficult to apply convex optimization.

So, perhaps the best approach is to improve the optimization method. Maybe using a different method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is derivative-free and can handle bounds. 

Alternatively, using the Powell method. Let's think: the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe changing the method could lead to better results.

Another observation: the current code evaluates the overlap by using numpy.correlate. But this might not be the most accurate way, especially with the discrete samples. However, given that the function is represented as a step function, the correlation is correct for the sampled points.

But the problem is that the integral is approximated by the sum over the samples multiplied by dx. So the code is correct in that aspect.

Another idea: the previous code uses multiple optimization runs with different initial guesses. Perhaps adding more variation in the initial guesses, such as different perturbations or different sampling strategies, could lead to better results. 

Alternatively, using a random restart approach with different initial guesses. For example, generating multiple random initial h functions that satisfy the integral constraint and then optimizing each one. But again, with the time budget, this might be too slow.

Alternatively, using a more aggressive exploration of the search space. For instance, using a Bayesian optimization approach that selects the most promising points to evaluate. But again, not sure if that's feasible.

Another thought: the current code uses 5 optimization runs. Maybe increasing the number of runs or the number of iterations per run could help, but with the time constraint, that might not be feasible.

Wait, the initial guess is the initial_h_values. Lately, the code is improving the initial guess by using the best solution found so far. So maybe the initial guess is being updated in each run. However, if the initial guess is stuck in a local minimum, then this approach isn't effective.

Alternatively, what if I use a different initial guess? For example, instead of the initial_h_values, generate a random initial guess that satisfies the integral constraint. Or maybe use a different pattern, like a simple alternating pattern.

But generating a random initial guess might be better than using the initial_h_values. Let's think: the previous code uses initial_h_values, which might be a local minimum. If I start from a different initial guess, perhaps the optimizer can find a better solution.

For example, generating an initial guess where h is 1 in a set of intervals that are spaced apart. For instance, if the domain is split into m equal parts, and h is 1 in m/2 of these parts. But ensuring that the sum is 1.

But generating such a pattern algorithmically is needed. 

Alternatively, using a random assignment of 1s and 0s, but ensuring that the total sum is 1. For example, choosing a random number of intervals where h is 1, such that their lengths sum to 1.

But this is getting complex. Perhaps for the code, I can generate a different initial guess by using a random pattern that satisfies the sum constraint. 

Let me think about how to generate such an initial guess. For example, creating a simple pattern where h is 1 in certain intervals. For example, if n_points is 45, then dx is 2/45. The total sum should be 45/2 = 22.5. So, if I generate a random set of intervals where the sum is 22.5.

But how to do that. One approach is to generate a random binary array, then scale it so that the sum is 22.5. However, this may not be possible since the sum is discrete. Alternatively, use a threshold function.

But this could be done by generating a random array of 0s and 1s, then adjusting the number of 1s to meet the sum requirement. Wait, but the sum of the array multiplied by dx must be 1. So the sum of the array is n_points / 2. For n_points=45, sum should be 22.5. So, the array must have elements that sum to 22.5. However, since the elements are either 0 or 1 (if we use a binary approach), that's only possible if the number of 1s is exactly 22.5, which is not possible. Thus, using a binary array is not feasible. 

Alternatively, use a piecewise constant function with values between 0 and 1. For example, a simple function that is 1 for some intervals and 0 for others. But generating such a function algorithmically is possible. 

Wait, perhaps the initial guess can be created using a more optimal structure. For example, distributing the 1s evenly across the domain. For example, if the function h is 1 in intervals of length l, spaced apart. Let me think: if the function h is a set of intervals where it's 1 with total length 1, and those intervals are spaced such that shifting them doesn't create overlap. But this seems too vague.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 in a specific pattern. For example, a square wave with certain frequency. But again, how to model this.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess that is not based on the initial_h_values. For instance, generate h such that it is 1 with certain probabilities, then adjust to meet the sum constraint. But this might not guarantee a good initial guess.

Another idea: perhaps using the previous initial guess but modifying it in a way that improves the overlap. For example, if the overlap is higher in some regions, adjust those regions to reduce it.

Alternatively, for the optimization, instead of using scipy's optimize.minimize, switch to a different method. For example, using the COBYLA method, which can handle bounds and constraints better.

Another thing to consider is the compute time. The previous code runs 5 optimization loops, each with perturbations. Maybe the number of iterations can be adjusted. For example, increasing the number of iterations in each optimization could improve the result, but would take more time. 

But the time limit is 100 seconds. So, the code needs to be efficient. Maybe running fewer optimization loops but with better parameters.

Another thought: maybe the current objective function is computationally expensive. Each evaluation requires computing the correlation. For large n_points, this could be slow. However, since n_points is 45, it's manageable. 

Alternatively, precompute the shifts and find the maximum value. But the code is already doing that with numpy.correlate.

Perhaps trying to use a more efficient objective function. For example, instead of computing the full correlation, compute only the relevant parts. But not sure.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses a simple perturbation of the initial guess. What if instead of perturbing the initial guess, I use a more intelligent method, like a random search within the bounds, but again, that's not feasible.

Alternatively, using the initial guess and then performing a gradient-based optimization, but with a better choice of method.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the maximum overlap is achieved for certain specific k values. For example, the worst-case shifts are those that correspond to the length of the intervals where h is 1. So, maybe the code can focus on those shifts. For example, in the current code, the max over all k is taken. If we can precompute the worst k values and optimize specifically for those, that could save computation time. 

But since the code is already taking the max over all k, this might not help directly. 

Alternatively, the code could be modified to explicitly consider the worst k, but that's not clear.

Another thought: the current code uses the same initial guess each time but perturbs it. Maybe using a different initial guess each time, such as a different pattern, could help. For example, creating multiple different initial guesses and optimizing each. 

But generating these initial guesses is the challenge. 

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values is not the best. If I can generate a better initial guess, the optimization would start from a better point. 

For example, imagine that the initial_h_values is a poor starting point. If I can generate a starting point that is closer to the optimal solution, the optimizer would find it faster. 

How to generate a better initial guess? Perhaps using a simple pattern that is known to be good. For example, a function that is 1 in intervals that are non-overlapping and spaced apart. 

For example, if the domain is divided into m equal parts, and h is 1 in every other part. But then the length would be 1/m, and the total number of parts would be 2m. However, this is just a hypothesis.

Alternatively, using a function that has a 1/3 of the domain with h=1, and the rest 0. But this might not be optimal.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution has h(x) = 1 on a set of measure 1, which is arranged in a way that for any shift k, the overlap between h and 1 - h (shifted) is minimized. 

This is similar to a set of points that is both sparse and has certain properties. 

But without knowledge of the optimal structure, it's hard to proceed. 

Perhaps the best way is to try modifying the previous code by changing the optimization method and the way the initial guess is generated. For example, using a different optimization method like COBYLA or Nelder-Mead, or generating a different initial guess. 

So, let's think about modifying the code:

1. Change the optimization method to something else, like COBYLA. This method is suitable for bound constraints and can be more robust.
2. Generate a different initial guess, perhaps a simple alternating pattern.
3. Test more optimization runs with different initial guesses.
4. Increase the number of iterations per optimization to get better convergence.

Let me think about how to implement this. 

For the initial guess, maybe create a simple pattern. For example, alternate 1s and 0s, but ensure that the sum is correct. For example, for n_points = 45, the sum should be 22.5. So, have 23 points at 1 and 22 at 0, but that would result in a sum of 23, which is 23 * dx = 23 * (2/45) = 46/45 ≈ 1.022, which is slightly over the required 1. So, maybe adjust some points to be 0.5 to balance the sum. 

But this might be error-prone. Alternatively, generate a simple initial guess by setting h[i] = 1 for the first half of the points and 0 for the rest. But this might not be optimal. 

Alternatively, use a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint. For example, generate a random array with 0s and 1s, adjust to meet the sum requirement. 

But how to do this algorithmically. Here's an idea: start with all zeros. Then randomly select positions to set to 1, until the sum is close to n_points/2. 

But with 45 points, sum required is 22.5. So, we can have 22 points at 1 and 23 at 0. Let's generate an array with 22 ones and 23 zeros. Then, randomly permute the array. This would be a good initial guess. 

But generating this as an initial guess is possible. 

So, perhaps the initial_guess can be generated as follows:

def generate_initial_guess(n_points):
    num_ones = n_points // 2
    if n_points % 2 == 0:
        num_ones = n_points // 2
    else:
        num_ones = (n_points + 1) // 2
    # Adjust for the sum requirement
    num_ones = int(n_points / 2) + (1 if n_points % 2 else 0)
    # But need to ensure that the sum is exactly n_points / 2
    # Wait, the sum must be exactly n_points/2, since sum(h) * dx = 1. So sum(h) = n_points / 2.
    # So for example, for n_points = 45, sum(h) = 22.5, which is not possible with integers. So we need to have some points with values between 0 and 1.
    
    # To handle this, perhaps create a binary array with 22 ones and 23 zeros, then adjust one of them to 0.5 to make the sum 22.5.
    # Alternatively, have 22.5 points at 1.0, but that's not possible. So perhaps use a binary array with 23 ones and 22 zeros, and then set one of the ones to 0.5. This gives total sum 22.5.
    
    # Generate a binary array with 22.5 
    # For the initial guess, let's create a binary array with 23 ones and 22 zeros. Then, set one random position to 0.5.
    h = np.zeros(n_points)
    h[:23] = 1
    # Find an index to adjust
    idx = np.random.randint(23)
    h[idx] = 0.5
    return h

This way, the sum would be 22.5 for n_points=45. So, this could be an initial guess. This pattern may be better than the initial_h_values provided, as it is a more spread out binary pattern. 

But how to implement this in the code. In the previous code, the initial guess is set to initial_h_values. However, the user says that if initial_h_values is available, we should use it. So if initial_h_values is provided, we can use it. Otherwise, generate a starting point. 

But in the problem, the user says that the initial_h_values is available (it's a runtime input when a parent construction exists). So, the code should use that as the initial guess. But perhaps generating a different initial guess than the given one would lead to better results. 

Alternatively, if the user provides initial_h_values, use it but also generate other initial guesses. However, the code should respect the initial_h_values when available. 

But perhaps modifying the code to generate a different initial guess. 

Another idea: instead of using the initial_h_values, generate a new initial guess based on a certain pattern. But the user says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So the code should use the initial_h_values if it's provided. 

But the previous code uses initial_h_values as the initial guess. So if we can generate a better initial guess, that could be better. 

Alternatively, the code could try multiple initial guesses, including the initial_h_values and some other ones, and select the best result. But how to do that within the time budget.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses 5 optimization runs. Each with a perturbed initial guess. But perhaps, if the initial guess is better, the results would be better. 

In any case, the plan is to modify the optimization method, the initial guess, and the number of optimization runs to find a better solution.

So, here's a plan for the new code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point. 
2. Try the same optimization method as before but with a different optimizer (e.g., COBYLA).
3. Increase the number of optimization runs.
4. Use a different way to perturb the initial guess (e.g., more diverse perturbations).
5. Perhaps include other optimization methods (e.g., Nelder-Mead, Powell, etc.).
6. Also, try generating different initial guesses that are not based on the initial_h_values. 

But given the time constraints, it's important to find an efficient way. 

Let me think about how to implement this. 

Perhaps the code will:

- Use multiple optimization methods: for example, in each optimization run, try different methods like SLSQP, COBYLA, etc.
- Generate different initial guesses (e.g., the initial_h_values, a random one, a uniform one, etc.).
- Run more iterations or more runs.

However, given the time, perhaps the most effective thing is to switch to a different optimization method.

For example, using COBYLA (which is a derivative-free method) might be more robust. 

Here's a revised approach:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Run multiple optimization runs with COBYLA, varying the number of iterations.
- Use different perturbations on the initial guess.
- Evaluate the results.

So, modifying the previous code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP. 

Let me adjust the code accordingly. 

Another change: the code's objective function may be expensive to evaluate, but with 45 points, it's manageable. 

Another thing: the code may need to handle infeasible solutions. The constraint_sum is set to ensure that the sum is correct. 

But in the previous code, the constraint is an equality constraint. 

Let me think of the code structure:

- Define the objective as before.
- Use the COBYLA method, which is suitable for bound constraints and box constraints.
- Run multiple optimization runs with different initial guesses.

Implementing this in code.

Now, I need to write the code that does this. 

But the user says to replace the previous code. So, I'll have to adjust the code as follows:

- Use COBYLA method instead of SLSQP.
- Increase the number of optimization runs.
- Generate different initial guesses, including random ones.
- Maybe use more efficient parameters.

Let's also consider that generating a different initial guess could help. For example, generating a binary array as discussed earlier.

So, in the code, perhaps generate a few different initial guesses and run the optimization on each. 

But given time constraints, it's better to focus on using different optimization methods and parameters.

Another idea: the current code uses a perturbation of the initial guess. Instead of adding random noise, perhaps use a more systematic perturbation, such as flipping certain bits of the array.

Alternatively, using a random restart approach with different initial guesses.

But how to implement this?

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the first guess, and then generating other initial guesses by varying the initial guess in different ways.

But for now, the code needs to be written. 

Putting all this together, the revised code will:

- Use COBYLA optimization method with more iterations.
- Allow for more optimization runs.
- Possibly use a different initial guess.

But to keep it within the time constraints, it's better to stick to the existing initial guess but use a different optimizer.

Thus, the new code would be similar to the previous one, but with method changed to 'COBYLA'.

Also, adjusting the number of optimization runs and iterations. 

Testing this approach, I can imagine that COBYLA might handle the problem better than SLSQP, especially if the objective function is non-smooth.

So, modifying the previous code as follows:

Replace the optimize.minimize with method='COBYLA', and adjust the parameters.

But I also need to make sure that the constraints are correctly applied.

Another thing: the previous code uses perturbations to the initial guess, which might help in avoiding local minima. So, keeping that part.

Now, the code can be written with these changes.

Finally, considering the time budget, it's better to limit the number of runs, but with more iterations per run.

Another thing to consider: the code may need to track the best solution found so far, and use that as the initial guess for subsequent optimizations. 

In the previous code, this is done by updating initial_guess to the best solution found. This helps in converging faster.

Thus, the revised code would implement these steps.

Now, write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    result = None
    
    # Run multiple optimizations with different methods
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Perturb initial guess slightly
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, 0.05, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(initial_guess + perturb, 0, 1)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'disp': False}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                initial_guess = best_h  # Use updated guess
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```