<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is even lower, like 0.380876. The previous code used a gradient descent approach with SLSQP optimization, but it might be getting stuck in local minima. Let me think about how to improve this.

First, the problem is to find a step function h(x) on [0, 2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral with shifted versions. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum of the convolution of h and 1-h. The previous code used a random perturbation and SLSQP optimization, but maybe a different approach would yield better results.

Let me consider alternative strategies. Maybe using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing could help escape local minima. However, those methods might be computationally expensive. Since the budget is 100 seconds, maybe a more efficient method is better. Another idea is to use a different optimization library, like using scipy.optimize with different methods or combining multiple strategies.

Wait, the previous code used SLSQP with a perturbed initial guess. Perhaps the initial guess is crucial. If the initial_h_values is from a previous construction, maybe there's a way to improve upon it by modifying the structure of the step function. For example, the step function might be designed with certain periodicity or symmetry to minimize overlap.

Let me think about the structure of h. Since the integral is 1 over [0,2], the average value is 0.5. The overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). To minimize the maximum, the function h should be spread out in such a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

One possible approach is to use a piecewise constant function with certain intervals where h is 1 or 0, and other parts with intermediate values. However, the previous code uses a step function, which is already piecewise constant.

Another idea is to use a more structured approach, like using a checkerboard pattern over the interval [0,2]. For example, dividing the interval into equal segments and setting h to 1 or 0 in a way that spreads them out. But how to ensure the integral is 1?

Alternatively, maybe using a function with multiple peaks and valleys to minimize overlap when shifted. For example, if h is a combination of several step functions that alternate between high and low values, it might reduce the maximum overlap.

But how to model this in code? Maybe using a different starting point. Suppose I start with a different initial guess than the initial_h_values. For instance, generating a random initial configuration that satisfies the integral constraint.

Wait, the previous code starts from initial_h_values, but maybe starting from a different structure could lead to better results. For example, using a more evenly distributed pattern. Let's think of dividing the interval [0,2] into n segments and setting h[i] to 1 in some positions and 0 in others, ensuring the total sum is n/2.

But how to create such a pattern? Let me think of the initial_h_values as a known starting point. Maybe the initial_h_values has some periodic structure that can be modified. For example, if the initial_h_values has a certain number of high and low regions, adjusting them could help.

Alternatively, using a grid search approach over possible parameters. But with a limited budget, this might not be feasible.

Another idea is to use a different optimization method. For example, using the Differential Evolution method in scipy.optimize, which is better for global optimization. The SLSQP method might get stuck in local minima because it's a gradient-based method. Differential Evolution could explore the search space more thoroughly.

Let me check the parameters. The previous code used 5 iterations with perturbations and SLSQP. Maybe switching to Differential Evolution with a population-based approach could find better solutions. Also, adjusting the number of iterations and population size could be beneficial.

But the problem is that the number of points n is fixed, and the code needs to work within the budget. For example, if n is 45, then the number of variables is 45, and the optimization problem has a constraint sum(h) = n/2.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a perturbation of 0.05, but maybe that's too small. Perhaps increasing the perturbation could lead to better exploration. Or maybe using a more sophisticated method for generating initial guesses.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, but maybe it's a good idea to create a different initial guess. For example, using a more uniform distribution of 1s and 0s, or a different pattern. Let's think about constructing a new initial guess.

Alternatively, the code could use a heuristic where h is designed to have high values in non-overlapping regions. For example, placing the 1s in intervals that are spaced apart, so that when shifted, the overlap with 1 - h is minimized.

But how to model this? Maybe using a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a certain pattern. For example, if the interval [0,2] is divided into m segments, and h is 1 in some segments and 0 in others, arranged to minimize overlap.

But this requires knowing the optimal number of segments, which may vary. However, for a given n_points, this could be structured.

Alternatively, since the problem involves convolution, maybe the optimal h has certain Fourier properties. For example, minimizing the maximum of the convolution might relate to minimizing the maximum coefficient in some transformed domain. However, I'm not sure how to apply this directly.

Another approach is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method which doesn't require gradients and might handle constraints better. Or using a combination of methods.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which requires gradients. But the objective function is the maximum of the convolution, which is non-smooth. So the gradients might be problematic. Maybe using a different optimization method that's better suited for non-smooth functions.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where the objective includes the constraint. But the code already uses a constraint.

Hmm, perhaps the key is to find a better initial guess. If the initial guess is part of the current construction, but that construction is not optimal, then maybe generating a different initial guess could help.

For instance, the initial_h_values might have a certain structure. Suppose we can generate a new initial guess by perturbing it in a more strategic way. For example, splitting the existing regions into smaller segments and adjusting their values to spread them out more.

But how to implement this in code? Maybe by using a different pattern. For example, instead of starting with the initial_h_values, generate a new initial guess that's a more even distribution of 1s and 0s.

Let me think about the following: create an initial guess where h is 1 for a certain number of points and 0 for others, arranged to be as spread out as possible. For example, if n_points is even, set every other point to 1 and 0. However, this would have sum h = n_points/2, which satisfies the constraint.

But this is a very simple pattern. However, maybe combining this with other patterns would yield better results.

Alternatively, using a more complex structure. For example, dividing the interval into multiple segments and setting h to 1 in some segments and 0 in others. For instance, if the interval [0,2] is divided into k segments of equal length, and h is 1 in certain segments.

But how to choose k and the segments? It might depend on the number of points n. For example, if n is 45, then each segment would be 2/45 ≈ 0.044. But perhaps using multiple segments with different lengths.

Alternatively, using a combination of step functions with different widths. For example, a function that has multiple peaks spread out over the interval.

But generating such a function algorithmically is challenging. Let's think of creating an initial guess where h has 0.5 value in some regions. However, that might not help in minimizing the overlap.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 in some positions and 0 in others, arranged with certain spacing. For example, if the points are arranged such that the distance between consecutive 1's is maximized. This is similar to the concept of a "greedy" algorithm for placing points to maximize minimum distance.

But how to implement this? For instance, if we want to place m 1s and m 0s in the interval, spaced as evenly as possible. Let's say that for the initial guess, the positions of the 1s are equally spaced. For example, for 45 points, if we set 22.5 points to 1 and 22.5 to 0. But since we can't have half points, we need to adjust. However, the sum must be exactly n/2. So for even n, this is straightforward.

But for the initial guess, perhaps using a regular pattern where the 1s are placed at certain positions. For example, if n is even, place a 1 at every other point. However, this may not be optimal, but it could be a starting point.

Wait, the previous code uses the initial_h_values. If that's a known construction, maybe that initial_h_values is not optimal. But since the user can't access the initial_h_values, I need to create a new one.

But in the code, the initial_h_values is available as a global variable. The code is supposed to use it directly. So if the initial_h_values is a good starting point, but not the best, then perhaps modifying it by adding some randomness or perturbation could help.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts, it's helpful to have a function h that when shifted, it overlaps as little as possible with 1 - h. So, for each shift k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) should be minimized.

This resembles the problem of designing a function that minimizes the maximum correlation with its shifted versions. In signal processing, this is similar to designing a sequence with low cross-correlation.

This is similar to the concept of a "low autocorrelation sequence" used in radar and communications. The goal is to have a sequence with low maximum cross-correlation with itself when shifted. Therefore, the problem is analogous to finding such a sequence, but with the added twist of the integral constraint.

In this context, the optimal h would be a sequence with low cross-correlation. One known method to achieve this is using a Barker sequence, but these are typically for binary sequences and have limited length.

However, the Erdős problem is about a real-valued function, not necessarily binary. So maybe a more flexible approach is needed.

Another approach is to use a greedy algorithm. Start with a random initial guess that satisfies the integral constraint, then iteratively adjust the values to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, for each shift k, compute the overlap integral and adjust h to reduce it. However, this may be computationally intensive and require careful implementation.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with a different objective function. For instance, instead of minimizing the maximum of the convolution, minimize the l1 norm of the convolution or another metric. But this could be more complex.

Wait, the current code uses the maximum of the convolution as the objective. The previous approach iteratively tries to minimize this value using SLSQP. However, the maximum is a non-smooth function, which makes the gradient-based method less effective. Maybe using a different objective, such as the sum of the convolutions, or a smoothed version of the maximum.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where the objective is the maximum minus a penalty term. But again, this might not be straightforward.

Another idea is to use a multi-objective optimization, where the goal is to minimize the maximum overlap while maintaining the integral constraint. However, this is quite abstract.

Hmm. Let's think about the parameters. The previous code uses a perturbation of 0.05, but maybe this is too small. Increasing the perturbation could lead to better exploration of the search space. Or perhaps using more iterations.

But the budget is tight. Let me consider changing the optimization method. For example, using the Differential Evolution method, which is more robust to local optima. Let me try to modify the code to use DE instead of SLSQP.

Differential Evolution is a population-based optimization algorithm that works well with non-smooth functions. It could be more effective in finding better solutions than SLSQP. Let me check how to implement this in scipy.optimize.

In scipy.optimize, the differential_evolution function can be used. It requires the bounds and the objective function, along with the constraints. However, the constraints are handled differently. Wait, the constraint is that the sum of h is fixed. So in the DE approach, this can be incorporated as a constraint.

But the differential_evolution function may not support constraints directly. Alternatively, we can use the constraints with the SLSQP method, but using DE as the solver might not be straightforward.

Wait, maybe using the differential_evolution function with the constraint as a penalty term. However, I'm not sure. Another approach is to use the differential_evolution method and then adjust the solution to satisfy the constraint, but that might be error-prone.

Alternatively, using a modified objective function that includes the constraint. But this needs more thinking.

Alternatively, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints. COBYLA is a derivative-free method that might be more robust.

But the previous code uses SLSQP. Maybe switching to DE could help. Let me think about modifying the code.

Let me also consider that the constraints are that sum(h) = n_points / 2 and each h[i] is between 0 and 1. The DE approach requires the bounds, and the constraint is handled by adding a penalty to the objective function.

Wait, but differential_evolution can handle the bounds automatically. The constraint sum(h) = n_points / 2 can be incorporated as a constraint in the objective function. For example, we can define the objective as max_correlation + λ*(sum(h) - target). But this requires choosing λ, which is tricky.

Alternatively, we can use the constraint within the optimization process. However, the differential_evolution solver doesn't support constraints directly. So perhaps this is not feasible.

So maybe using the DE approach with the constraint as part of the objective function through a penalty term. For example:

objective(h_values) = max_correlation + penalty * (sum(h_values) - target_sum)

where penalty is a large constant. However, this might lead to poor convergence.

Alternatively, the code can use the SLSQP method, but with a different initial guess and settings. For example, increasing the number of iterations, or using different starting points.

Another idea is to use multiple different initial guesses. The previous code uses 5 iterations with perturbations, but maybe using more iterations or different perturbation strategies could help.

But how to implement this efficiently within the time budget?

Another thing to consider is the way the overlapping is computed. The code uses the full mode of the convolution, which returns the convolution of h with 1 - h. The max of this convolution is the C5 value. However, the length of the convolution is 2n - 1, so the maximum is over a range of shifts.

But since the function is defined on [0, 2], the shifts can be up to 2. However, the convolution in the full mode includes shifts from -n+1 to n-1, which corresponds to shifts in the original domain. So the maximum is taken over all possible shifts.

But the current code computes this correctly. However, perhaps the calculation can be optimized or approximated to save computation time.

But given that the main issue is the optimization algorithm, perhaps I should focus on improving the optimization strategy.

Let me think about what parameters can be adjusted. The previous code used SLSQP with perturbations and a fixed number of iterations. Maybe using a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is derivative-free and can handle constraints. However, it may be slower.

Alternatively, using the Powell method, which is a derivative-free method that may be effective.

But with a time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps a combination of methods and strategies could lead to better results.

Let me also think about the initial guess. If the initial guess is bad, the optimization might get stuck. So generating a better initial guess could be important. For example, if the initial guess is a more spread-out pattern.

Let me consider that the initial_h_values is provided, but perhaps generating a new initial guess by splitting the existing intervals into smaller ones. For example, taking the initial_h_values and modifying it to have more variability.

Another approach: since the optimal C5 is around 0.38, maybe the current best is 0.38085, and the target is slightly lower. So, trying to find a configuration that reduces the maximum overlap by a small amount.

Another idea: the problem is similar to designing a function with minimal "cross-correlation" with its shifted versions. This is similar to the concept of a "set of points" with minimal overlap. In the case of the Erdős problem, the function is a step function (or more generally, a measurable function) on the interval [0, 2] with integral 1.

Another thought: the optimal h may have a certain symmetry. For example, being symmetric around the midpoint of [0, 2]. Or having a certain periodic structure. If the function is symmetric, it might be easier to design and optimize.

So, perhaps designing an initial guess with symmetry could lead to better results. For example, for n_points even, the function could be symmetric around 1.0 (the midpoint of the interval).

Let me consider creating an initial guess that's symmetric. For example, for each i, h[i] = h[n_points - 1 - i]. This would ensure symmetry. Then, during optimization, the symmetry can be preserved, which might lead to better convergence.

However, implementing this would require ensuring that the symmetry is maintained during the optimization. But if the symmetry is not enforced, the optimization might break it, leading to a non-symmetric solution.

Alternatively, creating an asymmetric initial guess and then allowing the optimizer to adjust it could be better. But this depends on the actual search space.

In conclusion, the previous code uses SLSQP with perturbations, which may be getting stuck in local minima. To improve the bound, trying a different optimization method like Differential Evolution, using a better initial guess (like a symmetric or evenly spaced pattern), or adjusting the parameters may lead to better results.

Let me outline the steps for the new code:

1. Use a different initial guess: generate a symmetric or evenly spaced initial guess that satisfies the integral constraint.
2. Use a Differential Evolution method for optimization, which is better at exploring the search space.
3. Incorporate the constraint sum(h) = target_sum into the optimization process.
4. Include multiple restarts with different initial guesses to avoid local optima.
5. Adjust the objective function to focus on minimizing the maximum overlap.

Implementing this in code, I'll need to use scipy.optimize.differential_evolution. However, this method may not directly support constraints, so I'll have to handle the constraint as a penalty or somehow.

Alternatively, since the sum constraint is a simple equality constraint, we can use a method that supports constraints, like SLSQP, but with a better initial guess.

But given the time, perhaps switching to a different optimization approach, like using the DE with the constraint as part of the objective function with a large penalty term.

Wait, the differential_evolution function in scipy allows for bounds, but not for constraints. Therefore, the sum constraint must be incorporated into the objective function.

The objective function can be designed as follows: the main objective is the max_correlation, plus a penalty term for the constraint sum(h) - target_sum. The penalty term would be large enough to ensure that the optimizer adheres to the constraint. However, the penalty term's magnitude needs to be tuned.

For example, the objective function could be:

def objective(h_values):
    h = np.array(h_values)
    corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr)
    constraint_violation = np.abs(np.sum(h) - target_sum)
    return max_corr * dx + 1000 * constraint_violation

This way, the optimizer is penalized for violating the constraint, encouraging it to stay near the feasible region.

But this approach might not work well, as the penalty could dominate the objective function. To balance it, the penalty coefficient needs to be chosen carefully. However, this is a heuristic and may not be reliable.

Another option is to use an augmented Lagrangian method, but implementing that is complex.

In the absence of a direct way to handle constraints in DE, perhaps proceeding with the penalty approach.

Alternatively, the code could use the SLSQP method with a better initial guess and more iterations. Let me think about the previous code. It had 5 perturbations and 300 iterations per run. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or the number of runs could help.

Another idea: use a combination of local and global optimization. For example, use a global method to find a good initial guess, then refine with a local method.

But given the time, maybe the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, like DE, with a penalty for the constraint.

Alternatively, considering that the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but the optimization method might need more tuning.

Let me proceed to code the following:

- Use the same initial guess, but switch the optimization method to differential_evolution.
- Incorporate the constraint as a penalty in the objective function.
- Run multiple trials with different initial perturbations and use the best result.

But I need to implement this in code. Let me outline the code steps.

First, import necessary libraries. Then, in the run function:

- Use the initial_h_values as the initial guess.
- Define the objective function as the max_corr * dx plus a penalty for the sum constraint.
- Use differential_evolution with bounds and the objective function.
- Run multiple trials and select the best result.

However, the differential_evolution function in scipy.optimize does not support constraints directly. So perhaps this approach is not feasible. Alternatively, the code can use the SLSQP method but with more iterations and better parameters.

Alternatively, the code can use the previous method, but with a different initial guess. For example, creating a symmetric or evenly spaced initial guess.

Let me think about creating a symmetric initial guess. For example, for n_points, the function h[i] = h[n_points - 1 - i]. This would ensure symmetry around the center. Let me generate such a guess.

But how to do this algorithmically? For instance, if the initial guess is symmetric, then the sum would be correct.

But how to create such a distribution. For example, if n_points is even, split the sum into two equal halves, and set alternating values to 1 and 0 in a symmetric way.

But this is getting too vague. Let me instead generate an initial guess where h is 1 for half of the points and 0 for the other half, arranged to be symmetric. For example, for even n_points, set the first half to 1 and the second half to 0, then reverse the second half to make it symmetric. Wait, that's not symmetric.

Alternatively, for each i from 0 to n_points/2, assign h[i] = 1 and h[n_points - i - 1] = 1, but this would require even n_points.

Hmm, this is getting complicated. Maybe it's better to generate a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint and is symmetric, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, for the purposes of this code, I'll use the existing initial_h_values as the starting point and try to improve upon it by using differential_evolution with the penalty term.

But without being able to handle constraints, this may not be feasible. Let me proceed with using SLSQP but with more aggressive parameters.

In the previous code, the number of iterations per run is 300. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or runs could help. Alternatively, using a different method.

Another observation: the evaluation of the max_corr is expensive. The code uses np.correlate, which for large n_points could be slow. However, the user wants small n_points (under 1k samples). For example, with n_points=45, the correlation is manageable.

But the main problem is the optimization itself.

Another idea: instead of using the maximum of the convolution, use the average or another metric. However, the problem requires minimizing the maximum value.

Alternatively, using a different way to compute the overlap integral. For example, in the current code, the convolution is computed with mode 'full', which gives the full convolution. The maximum of these values is taken.

Another thought: since the overlap integral is the same as the maximum over all possible shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The shifts k can be from -2 to +2, but the exact maximum depends on the function.

But the code already computes this correctly.

At this point, given the time constraints, I think the best approach is to modify the previous code by using a different optimization method, possibly Differential Evolution, and adjust the parameters to see if it leads to better results.

But since the code is to be written in Python, and the user has mentioned that the initial_h_values is available, I'll proceed to create a new initial guess if possible, but for the code, it's easier to rely on the existing initial_h_values.

Another idea: instead of using the same initial guess for all runs, use a more varied set of initial guesses. For example, generate several different perturbations of the initial guess and run the optimization on each.

But given the time budget, this could be feasible.

Alternatively, use a different initial guess by combining different patterns. For example, mixing the initial_h_values with a random perturbation.

Let me proceed to write the code, modifying the previous approach to use differential_evolution and incorporate the constraint via a penalty.

But I need to implement the differential_evolution method. However, since it's not straightforward, perhaps using SLSQP with more iterations and different settings is better.

In the previous code, after several runs, the best solution is retained. To improve, perhaps increasing the number of optimization runs and varying the perturbations.

Alternatively, using a different method for the optimization, such as using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which supports bounds.

Another thought: the constraint sum(h) = target_sum can be enforced by allowing the optimization to adjust the variables, as the solver may handle it automatically. However, the initial guess must satisfy it. The previous code's initial_guess is set to initial_h_values, which satisfies the sum, and the constraint is added to the optimization.

Therefore, perhaps the previous code is already incorporating the constraint correctly.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a fixed perturbation of 0.05. This might be too small, leading to poor exploration. Increasing the perturbation to 0.1 or even more might allow the optimizer to find better solutions. However, this could lead to the optimizer jumping out of the feasible region.

But the code uses np.clip to ensure the values are within [0, 1], so this is safe.

Another possible adjustment: changing the number of optimization runs and increasing the number of iterations per run. For example, increasing from 5 runs to 10 runs.

In the previous code, the number of iterations is 5, each with 300 iterations. Increasing to 10 runs might be more efficient.

In conclusion, modifying the previous code by increasing the number of optimization runs, using a different perturbation strategy, and/or adjusting the optimization parameters might lead to better results.

Given the time, I'll proceed to implement these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    # Use SLSQP with adaptive perturbations and more iterations
    for _ in range(10):  # More optimization runs
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Use gradient-based method with better convergence
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=initial_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda x: np.sum(x) - target_sum}],
            options={
                'maxiter': 500,  # Increase iteration count
                'ftol': 1e-9,
                'eps': 1e-9,
                'disp': False
            }
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                initial_guess = best_h  # Update guess for next iteration
        time.sleep(0.1)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```