<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code uses a method with multiple initial guesses and SLSQP optimization, but maybe there's a better approach.

First, I should understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by k. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The challenge is to find a function h that makes this maximum as small as possible.

The previous code uses several initial guesses, like perturbed versions, structured pulses, and random ones. Then it runs SLSQP optimization for each, keeping the best result. But maybe this approach isn't sufficient. Perhaps the optimization is getting stuck in local minima, or the initial guesses aren't diverse enough.

I need to think of alternative strategies. Maybe using a different optimization algorithm? Or maybe a more efficient way to explore the search space. Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = len(initial_h_values)), which is 47. But maybe using a larger n_points could give better results, but the problem says smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, the user mentioned that the previous program used n=47, so maybe trying a slightly larger n could help, but within the time budget.

Another thought: the current approach uses a single objective function (the maximum correlation) and tries to minimize it. However, the maximum over k is a non-convex function, making it hard for gradient-based methods. Maybe a better approach is to use a more global optimization method, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing. But those might be too slow for the given time budget.

Alternatively, maybe using a different formulation. The problem requires that the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx is minimized. This is equivalent to ensuring that for all shifts k, the overlap is small. Perhaps we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we try to minimize the maximum overlap, but that's tricky because of the max function.

Another idea: since the overlap integral for each shift k is a separate term, maybe we can use a multi-objective optimization approach, trying to balance the overlaps for different k. However, this might complicate things.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization method with some smart initial points could help. But given the time constraints, maybe a better approach is to use a different initial guess strategy.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given. Maybe the previous code's initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, generating structured initial guesses with different pulse numbers, but maybe there's a better way to generate initial points. Also, the previous code uses multiple initial guesses but only runs optimization once per guess. Maybe a better approach is to use a more robust optimization method that can handle the non-convexity better.

Another angle: the problem is similar to designing a function that has low autocorrelation. In signal processing, low autocorrelation is important for things like code design. Maybe techniques from that field could be useful. For example, using a set of pulses spaced in a way that their overlaps are minimized.

But how to translate that into the current problem? The function h is a step function with integral 1. So, maybe the optimal h is a combination of pulses that are spaced such that when shifted, their overlaps are minimized.

Alternatively, maybe using a Fourier analysis approach. The integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx can be related to the Fourier transform of h and 1 - h. But I'm not sure how to proceed with that.

Another thought: the previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the correlation for all possible shifts. However, the integral is over the entire domain, so maybe the shifts k that are relevant are those that cause overlap between the intervals where h is 1 and where 1 - h is 1. For example, if h is 1 on some intervals, then 1 - h is 1 on the complement. So the overlap integral for a shift k would be the integral over x where h(x) is 1 and 1 - h(x +k) is 1, which is the same as the integral over x where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. So this is equivalent to the measure of the intersection between the support of h and the complement of the support of h shifted by k.

Therefore, the problem reduces to finding a set of intervals (since h is a step function) such that the maximum overlap between the set and its shifted complement is minimized. This seems similar to a covering problem or a packing problem.

But how to model this? For a step function with n_points, the support is a set of intervals. However, with the step function, the exact positions and widths of the intervals matter.

Perhaps a better approach is to model the problem as a combinatorial optimization problem, where we decide the positions and widths of the intervals. However, with n_points, this could be complex.

Alternatively, considering that the previous code uses a continuous optimization approach with SLSQP, maybe we can improve the optimization by using a more efficient method, or by adding more constraints or using a different objective function.

Wait, the previous code's objective function is the maximum of the correlation values. However, when using SLSQP, the optimizer tries to minimize this maximum. But since the maximum is a non-convex function, the optimizer might get stuck in local minima. Perhaps using a different approach, like a penalty method where we try to minimize the maximum by penalizing large values, but that might not be straightforward.

Another idea: instead of trying to minimize the maximum directly, maybe we can use a bilevel optimization approach. For example, for each possible shift k, compute the overlap integral and ensure that all of them are below a certain threshold. However, this is a complex problem and might not be tractable with standard optimization methods.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum, maybe we can use a gradient-based method with a more sophisticated approach to handle the non-convexity. For example, using a trust-region method or a more robust solver.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the key is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization process. The previous code uses several initial guesses, but maybe adding more diversity in the initial guesses could help. For example, generating initial guesses with different structures, like varying numbers of pulses, different spacing, or even using a more intelligent initial guess based on known optimal solutions.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed n_points (47). Maybe trying a different n_points could yield better results. For example, using a larger n_points allows for more precise control over the function, but increases computation time. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. But given the time budget of 100 seconds, maybe a slightly larger n_points is acceptable.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization algorithm. For example, using a genetic algorithm (GA) to explore the search space more thoroughly. However, implementing a GA from scratch might be time-consuming, and the previous code uses scipy's optimize, which might be more efficient.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a different method like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B could help, but I'm not sure. Alternatively, using a global optimization method like differential evolution (DE) could be better, but DE is more computationally intensive. However, with the time budget, maybe it's feasible.

But how to integrate that into the code? The previous code uses minimize with method='SLSQP'. Changing the method to 'L-BFGS-B' or 'COBYLA' might not help if the problem is non-convex. Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses and methods.

Another thought: the previous code evaluates the correlation for all shifts, but perhaps some shifts are more critical than others. For example, shifts that are small (like k=0.5, 1.0, etc.) might have larger overlaps. Maybe focusing the optimization on those shifts could help. However, how to incorporate that into the objective function?

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a constrained optimization where we try to minimize the maximum overlap by adding constraints that each overlap is less than a certain value. But since we don't know the value in advance, this is a bilevel problem.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the maximum overlap. The current code computes the correlation for all shifts and takes the maximum. However, for a step function, maybe there's a way to compute the maximum overlap more efficiently, or to find the critical shifts that contribute to the maximum.

But I'm not sure. Let's think about the previous code's approach. It uses multiple initial guesses, runs SLSQP optimization for each, and keeps the best result. The problem with this approach is that it might get stuck in local minima. To improve this, perhaps using a more diverse set of initial guesses, or using a different optimization method that can escape local minima.

Another idea: the initial_h_values are given. Maybe the previous code's initial guesses are not sufficient. For example, generating initial guesses that are more spread out or have different structures. For instance, using a random initial guess with a different scaling, or using a structured initial guess with more pulses.

Wait, the previous code generates initial guesses with structured pulses for num_pulses in [5,10,15,20]. Maybe trying more pulse numbers or different structures could help. Also, the noise level in the perturbed initial guess is 0.05, which might be too small. Maybe increasing the noise level could help escape local minima.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=2000) for each optimization. Maybe reducing the maxiter could save time, allowing more initial guesses to be tried. However, the time budget is tight, so perhaps this is a trade-off.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method, which doesn't require gradients and might handle non-convex problems better. However, this method is generally slower than SLSQP.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a penalty method where we try to minimize the sum of all overlaps, but this might not be effective as it could lead to some overlaps being very large while others are small.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective approach where we try to balance the overlaps for different shifts. However, this is complex to implement.

Another idea: the previous code uses the same n_points as the initial_h_values (47). Maybe trying a different n_points, like 50 or 60, could allow for better precision. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. But perhaps with a slightly larger n_points, the optimization could find a better solution within the time budget.

But how to decide? Let's think: the initial_h_values are 47 points. If I increase n_points to 50, the computation per optimization would be slightly more, but maybe the overall time is manageable. However, the user's previous code uses n_points=47, so maybe sticking to that is better.

Another thing: the previous code uses the 'SLSQP' method with bounds and constraints. Maybe adding more constraints or using a different constraint formulation could help. For example, ensuring that the function is piecewise constant, but that's already handled by the step function.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be rephrased as a quadratic programming problem. However, the objective function is non-convex, so this might not be feasible.

Another thought: the overlap integral for each shift k can be written as the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. For a step function, this integral depends on the positions and widths of the intervals where h is 1. Maybe we can model this as a combinatorial problem where we select intervals such that their overlaps with shifted intervals are minimized. However, this seems too abstract.

Alternatively, considering that the function h is a step function, perhaps we can model it as a set of intervals and optimize their positions and widths. However, this would require a different approach, perhaps using a genetic algorithm to evolve the intervals.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the previous code by:

1. Using a more diverse set of initial guesses.
2. Trying different optimization methods.
3. Adjusting hyperparameters like the noise level, number of iterations, etc.
4. Possibly increasing the number of initial guesses or using a multi-start approach.

Let me think about the initial guesses. The previous code uses:

- initial_h_values
- perturbed initial
- structured initial with varying pulse numbers
- random initial with different noise levels.

Maybe adding more structured initial guesses, like using different pulse patterns (e.g., alternating pulses, or pulses spaced in a certain way). Also, perhaps using a different noise level for the perturbed initial.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, maybe using a global optimization method like differential evolution (DE) for each initial guess. However, DE is slower, but with the time budget, maybe it's feasible.

But how to implement that? The scipy.optimize.differential_evolution function could be used, but it requires the objective function to be minimized. However, the previous code's objective function is the maximum overlap, which is what we want to minimize.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution for some initial guesses might help escape local minima. However, the previous code uses SLSQP for all initial guesses. Maybe combining different methods could help.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to stick with SLSQP but improve the initial guesses and hyperparameters.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (2000) for each optimization. Maybe reducing the number of iterations could allow more initial guesses to be tried, leading to a better overall result. However, this is a trade-off.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds, which might converge faster.

Another thought: the previous code's objective function is the maximum of the correlation values. However, when using SLSQP, the optimizer tries to minimize this maximum. But since the maximum is a non-convex function, the optimizer might not find the global minimum. Perhaps using a different objective function, like the sum of the overlaps, but that's not the same as the maximum. However, minimizing the sum might lead to a lower maximum.

But this is not guaranteed. However, perhaps trying to minimize the sum of overlaps for all shifts could lead to a better solution. Let me think: if we minimize the sum, it's possible that the maximum is also reduced. But this is just a heuristic.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where we add a penalty for each overlap exceeding a certain threshold. But again, this is complex.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a binary search approach. For example, fix a value C and try to find a function h that satisfies all overlaps being ≤ C. Then, perform a binary search on C to find the minimal possible value. However, this requires solving a feasibility problem for each C, which is a constrained optimization problem. This could be more efficient if we can find a good C quickly.

But how to implement this? For each candidate C, we need to check if there exists an h that satisfies the integral constraint and for all k, the overlap integral is ≤ C. This is a constrained optimization problem where we minimize 0 (or some objective) subject to the constraints that the integral is 1 and for each k, the overlap integral is ≤ C. However, solving this for each C would be computationally intensive, especially since the number of k's is large.

But perhaps for a given C, we can formulate the problem as minimizing the maximum overlap, which is equivalent to finding h that satisfies the constraints. However, this approach might not be feasible within the time budget.

Alternatively, combining the binary search with the previous optimization approach. For example, start with an initial guess for C and try to find a better h. But this seems complex.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the previous code by:

- Using a different optimization method, like differential evolution for some initial guesses.
- Increasing the diversity of initial guesses.
- Adjusting hyperparameters like noise levels and number of iterations.

Let me think about implementing differential evolution. The scipy.optimize.differential_evolution function can be used with bounds and constraints. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Differential evolution is a global optimizer, which might find better solutions.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution for some initial guesses could help. However, the previous code uses multiple initial guesses, and for each, runs SLSQP. Maybe replacing some of those with differential evolution could help.

But how to integrate this into the code? Let's think: for each initial guess, instead of running SLSQP, run differential evolution. However, differential evolution might take longer, so we need to balance the number of initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, for some initial guesses, run SLSQP, and for others, run differential evolution.

But given the time budget, perhaps it's better to use differential evolution for the initial guesses, as it might find better solutions.

Another thing: the previous code uses the same initial guesses for all optimizations. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different structures could help. For example, using a structured initial guess with varying numbers of pulses, or using a random initial guess with different scaling.

Also, the previous code's structured initial guesses use a fixed number of pulses. Maybe varying the number of pulses more widely, or using different spacing patterns.

Another idea: since the function h has integral 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So, the function is a step function that is 1 on some intervals and 0 on others, with the total length of the intervals being 1 (since integral is 1, and dx is 2/n_points, so sum(h) = n_points/2).

Therefore, the function h can be thought of as a collection of intervals where it is 1, with total length 1. The problem is to arrange these intervals such that when shifted, the overlap with the complement is minimized.

This is similar to a covering problem where we want to cover the interval [0,2] with intervals of total length 1, such that shifting them doesn't cause too much overlap with their complements.

In coding terms, this is a combinatorial optimization problem, but with continuous variables (the positions and widths of the intervals). However, with the step function approximation, it's a discrete optimization problem.

But how to model this? Perhaps using a genetic algorithm where each individual is a set of intervals, and the fitness is the maximum overlap. However, implementing this from scratch would be time-consuming.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the previous code by using differential evolution for some initial guesses and adjusting the initial guesses.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution for some of the initial guesses. Let me outline the steps:

1. Generate a diverse set of initial guesses, including structured, random, and perturbed ones.
2. For each initial guess, run an optimization using differential evolution, which is a global optimizer.
3. Keep track of the best solution found.
4. Use the best solution as the result.

But how to implement this? Let's think about the code structure.

The previous code uses minimize with method='SLSQP'. Changing the method to 'differential_evolution' would require adjusting the parameters. However, differential evolution requires the bounds and the objective function. Also, the constraints (integral equals 1) need to be handled.

Wait, the constraints in the previous code are handled via LinearConstraint. However, differential evolution doesn't support constraints directly. So, to use differential evolution, we need to reformulate the problem to include the constraints as part of the objective function via penalty terms.

Alternatively, we can use the 'SLSQP' method with constraints, which is what the previous code does. But if we switch to differential evolution, we need to handle the constraints differently.

This complicates things. Perhaps it's better to stick with SLSQP but improve the initial guesses and hyperparameters.

Another idea: the previous code uses the same initial guesses for all optimizations. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different structures could help. For example, using a structured initial guess with a different number of pulses, or using a random initial guess with different scaling.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initial guess based on known optimal solutions. For example, if there's a known structure that gives a good C₅ value, we can use that as an initial guess.

But since the initial_h_values are provided, maybe we can use that as a starting point and perturb it in different ways.

Another thought: the previous code's objective function is the maximum overlap. However, when using SLSQP, the optimizer tries to minimize this value. But since the maximum is a non-convex function, the optimizer might not find the global minimum. Perhaps using a different objective function, like the sum of the overlaps, but this is not the same as the maximum.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model or Bayesian optimization to explore the search space more efficiently. However, this would require more complex code and might not fit within the time budget.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code by:

- Using a different optimization method, like differential evolution, for some initial guesses.
- Increasing the diversity of initial guesses.
- Adjusting hyperparameters like the noise level in the perturbed initial guesses.

But how to implement this? Let's think about modifying the code.

First, replace the SLSQP optimization with differential evolution. However, differential evolution requires the objective function to be minimized, and the constraints to be handled via penalty terms.

So, for the differential evolution approach, the objective function would be the maximum overlap, and we need to add a penalty for violating the integral constraint. However, this might not be efficient.

Alternatively, we can use the 'SLSQP' method with the same constraints as before.

Another idea: the previous code uses multiple initial guesses, but maybe the best results come from a few well-chosen initial guesses. For example, using the initial_h_values and a few perturbed versions, and a few structured guesses.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, generating a random initial guess with a different number of pulses, or using a structured guess with pulses spaced in a way that minimizes overlap.

But without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to say.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (2000) for each optimization. Maybe reducing this number could allow more initial guesses to be tried within the time budget.

In conclusion, the plan is to modify the previous code by:

1. Using a more diverse set of initial guesses, including structured guesses with different pulse numbers and spacing.
2. Trying different optimization methods, like differential evolution for some initial guesses.
3. Adjusting hyperparameters like noise levels and number of iterations.
4. Possibly increasing the number of initial guesses to explore the search space more thoroughly.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to stick with SLSQP but improve the initial guesses and hyperparameters.

So, modifying the previous code by:

- Increasing the number of initial guesses.
- Using different noise levels for perturbed initial guesses.
- Trying different pulse numbers for structured initial guesses.
- Possibly using a different optimization method.

Let me try to implement these changes.

First, in the initial_guesses, add more structured initial guesses with different pulse numbers. For example, include pulse numbers like 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, etc. Also, include a random initial guess with higher noise level.

Second, in the optimization, perhaps reduce the number of iterations to save time, allowing more initial guesses to be tried.

Third, use a different optimization method, like 'L-BFGS-B', which might converge faster.

But how to decide? Let's think about the code.

The previous code uses:

result = minimize(objective, guess, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds, constraints=cons, tol=1e-10, options={'maxiter': 2000, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'disp': False})

Maybe changing the method to 'L-BFGS-B' or 'COBYLA' could help. However, these methods might not handle the constraints as well as SLSQP.

Alternatively, using 'SLSQP' with a lower maxiter, say 500, to save time and allow more initial guesses.

But without knowing, it's hard to say. Perhaps the best approach is to keep the method as SLSQP but adjust the hyperparameters.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed n_points. Maybe trying a different n_points, like 50, could yield better results. However, the initial_h_values are for n_points=47. If we change n_points, we need to adjust the initial guesses accordingly. But since the initial_h_values are provided, maybe we should stick to that.

In conclusion, the modified code would include more diverse initial guesses, possibly with different pulse numbers and noise levels, and adjust the optimization parameters to allow more thorough exploration.

So, the final code would:

- Generate more initial guesses with different structures.
- Use SLSQP with adjusted parameters.
- Keep track of the best solution found.

Now, translating this into code.

The initial_guesses in the previous code include:

- initial_h_values
- perturbed initial
- structured initial with 5,10,15,20 pulses
- random initial with noise level 0.1

Maybe adding more structured initial guesses with different pulse numbers, like 25, 30, etc., and also adding a random initial guess with higher noise level.

Also, increasing the number of initial guesses.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed noise level for perturbed initial guesses. Maybe varying the noise level could help.

So, modifying the generate_perturbed_initial function to have different noise levels.

But in the code, the generate_perturbed_initial function has a noise_level parameter. So, perhaps adding more perturbed initial guesses with different noise levels.

In the initial_guesses, adding more perturbed initial guesses with varying noise levels.

But given the time constraints, perhaps this is manageable.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help, but this would take more time.

In the end, the code would look something like this, with more initial guesses and possibly adjusted parameters.

So, the final code would include more initial guesses, possibly with different structures, and use SLSQP with adjusted parameters.

Now, implementing this in code.

The final code would have:

- More initial guesses, including structured with different pulse numbers.
- Perturbed initial guesses with different noise levels.
- Random initial guesses with different noise levels.
- Possibly using a different optimization method.

But given the time, I'll proceed with the previous code but with more initial guesses and adjusted parameters.

So, the final code would be similar to the previous one, but with more initial guesses and possibly adjusted hyperparameters.

The key changes would be:

- Adding more structured initial guesses with different pulse numbers.
- Adding more perturbed initial guesses with different noise levels.
- Possibly reducing the maxiter to save time.

Now, writing the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import time
from scipy.optimize import minimize, LinearConstraint
from scipy.interpolate import interp1d

def generate_perturbed_initial(h, noise_level=0.05):
    perturbed = h + noise_level * np.random.randn(len(h))
    perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0.0, 1.0)
    return perturbed

def generate_structured_initial(n_points, num_pulses):
    structured = np.zeros(n_points)
    pulse_indices = np.linspace(0, n_points - 1, num_pulses, endpoint=False).astype(int)
    structured[pulse_indices] = 1.0
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    current_sum = np.sum(structured)
    scaling_factor = target_sum / current_sum
    structured *= scaling_factor
    return structured

def generate_random_initial(n_points, noise_level=0.1):
    random_initial = np.random.rand(n_points)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    current_sum = np.sum(random_initial)
    scaling_factor = target_sum / current_sum
    random_initial *= scaling_factor
    random_initial = np.clip(random_initial, 0.0, 1.0)
    return random_initial

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    
    # Generate a diverse set of initial guesses
    initial_guesses = [initial_h_values]
    initial_guesses.append(generate_perturbed_initial(initial_h_values, noise_level=0.05))
    initial_guesses.append(generate_perturbed_initial(initial_h_values, noise_level=0.1))
    for num_pulses in [5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30]:
        initial_guesses.append(generate_structured_initial(n_points, num_pulses))
    initial_guesses.append(generate_random_initial(n_points, noise_level=0.05))
    initial_guesses.append(generate_random_initial(n_points, noise_level=0.1))
    
    best_h = None
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    start_time = time.time()
    
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Define objective function
        def objective(h):
            corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
            max_corr = np.max(corr)
            dx = 2.0 / n_points
            return max_corr * dx
        
        # Constraints
        A_eq = np.ones(n_points)
        b_eq = n_points / 2
        cons = [LinearConstraint(A_eq, b_eq, b_eq)]
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        
        # Optimization settings
        result = minimize(objective, guess, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds, constraints=cons,
                          tol=1e-10, options={'maxiter': 1000, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'disp': False})
        
        # Check if optimization succeeded
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
        
        # Check time budget
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    # Fallback to initial guess if no improvement found
    if best_h is None:
        best_h = initial_h_values
        best_c5 = evaluate_erdos_solution(best_h)
    
    return (best_h, best_c5, n_points)
```