<think>
Alright, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the goal is to get lower than that, like 0.3807. The previous code used a genetic algorithm with some local optimization, but the user wants a different approach or better heuristics.

First, I should understand the problem again. The task is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral C₅. The overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. So, it's about minimizing the worst-case overlap between h and its shifted versions.

The earlier approach used a genetic algorithm with mutation, crossover, and local refinement using SLSQP. Maybe I can improve that by changing the mutation strategy, using more efficient local optimization, or better population management.

Wait, the user mentioned that they want a different approach than the previous one. So perhaps instead of a genetic algorithm, I can use a more structured method. Maybe using gradient-based optimization with constraints?

But how to handle the non-convex nature of the problem? The integral is over all shifts, so the objective is non-smooth and non-convex. It might be challenging to use direct gradient methods. Alternatively, perhaps I can use a Monte Carlo approach to approximate the maximum overlap, then optimize the function to minimize that.

But given the time budget of 600 seconds, I need something that can converge quickly. The previous code used a population-based approach with local refinements. Maybe I can enhance that by using more efficient local optimizations or better selection mechanisms.

Another idea: since the problem is about maximizing the minimal pairwise overlap, maybe I can model it as a quadratic programming problem, but that might not be feasible due to the high dimensionality.

Alternatively, think of the problem as optimizing the function to be as "spread out" as possible under the integral constraint. Maybe using a more structured function, like piecewise constant with specific intervals, could help. For example, using multiple intervals where h is 0 or 1, but arranged to minimize overlap when shifted.

Wait, but the initial solution uses a starting point with n=45 points. Maybe using a similar approach but with more refined steps. Let me think about the code structure.

The previous code had a population of individuals (h values), evaluated their C₅, then mutated and crossed over. Then, for each elite, it did a local optimization with SLSQP to minimize the overlap for the worst k. That might have been effective, but perhaps I can make the local optimization more efficient or target the worst k more accurately.

Alternatively, maybe using a different type of optimization, like simulated annealing, but that might be slower. Or perhaps a Bayesian optimization approach, which could be more efficient in exploring the search space.

Wait, but the user's previous code used SLSQP for local refinement. Maybe the constraints can be handled better, or the selection of the worst k can be more precise. For example, instead of checking a few k values, use a grid search over k to find the maximum.

But the problem is that the integral is over all shifts, and the maximum is not known a priori. So during optimization, I need to evaluate the maximum over k, which could be computationally expensive.

Another idea: since the integral over shifts is equivalent to the maximum over lags in the correlation, maybe the code can more efficiently approximate the maximum by sampling a large number of k values, especially those that are likely to cause high overlap. That could save time compared to checking all possible k.

In the previous code, the correlation was computed with mode 'full', which gives all lags. But maybe it's better to sample k in a specific range, such as k in [0, 2], with a certain interval. For example, if the function is periodic or has some symmetry, certain shifts might be more critical.

But how to decide which k to focus on? Maybe using a grid search with a coarser step initially, then refining as the solution improves.

Another approach is to use a hybrid of global and local search. Start with a good initial guess and then perform local search with the best possible method, but also explore nearby regions.

Wait, the user wants to improve the previous code. Let me think about what could be wrong with the previous approach. For example, the mutation step uses ±0.05, but maybe that's too small or too large. Also, the crossover might not be effective. Maybe a better mutation strategy would be to adjust the function in regions that are contributing to high overlap.

Alternatively, using a more targeted mutation: identify regions where the function is high and try to lower it, or where it's low and raise it, to reduce the overlap.

But how to identify these regions? Perhaps by looking at the current C₅ value and the corresponding k that causes the maximum overlap. Then, during mutation, adjust the function in the vicinity of that k.

But this seems similar to the previous local refinement step, which the code already does. Maybe the local optimization could be improved by using gradient information. However, the objective function is not differentiable due to the max operation over k. So that might complicate things.

Alternatively, during the local refinement, instead of choosing a single k, the code could sample several possible k's and optimize for the worst case. But that might be computationally intensive.

Another consideration: the number of points (n_points) affects accuracy. Using a higher n_points might allow for a more precise function but uses more computation time. The previous code used n_points=45, which is manageable within the 600s budget. Maybe trying a higher n_points, like 60 or 80, could yield better results, but it depends on the optimization speed.

But the user said that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe sticking with n_points=60 or 75 would be better. Also, the initial_h_values is provided with n=45. Maybe increasing the n_points could help, but I should check if the code can handle that.

Another idea is to use different initializations. The previous code starts with the initial_h_values and a few random ones. What if we use multiple initial patterns, like different interval arrangements? For example, patterns with 3 or 4 intervals, which might be more optimal.

But how to generate those patterns algorithmically? For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal segments and setting h to 1 in some segments and 0 in others. This would create a step function with a certain number of intervals. Then, the code could use such structured initializations.

But generating such structured patterns algorithmically would require code to create those step functions. However, the user wants to avoid long literals, so using a formula to generate them would be better.

For example, creating a function with intervals of certain lengths and alternating between 0 and 1. But how to determine the optimal number of intervals? Maybe trying different numbers and see which leads to better C₅.

Alternatively, combining the initial pattern with more structured patterns. However, integrating this into the code might complicate things.

Another aspect: during the local optimization, the code uses SLSQP with constraints. But maybe using a more efficient solver or adjusting the solver's parameters could help. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method if the objective is not smooth, but the previous code used SLSQP.

Also, checking if the local refinement step is effective. The code selects the top 3% of candidates for local refinement. Maybe increasing this number or selecting different candidates could help.

Wait, the previous code's local refinement step might not be targeting the most critical k for the overlap. Instead of picking a single k, it could evaluate multiple k's and optimize for the worst case. But how?

Alternatively, during the local refinement, compute the current worst k and optimize for that specific k. The code already does this by using the current best h to find the worst k, then optimizing for that k. Maybe improving the way the worst k is determined could help.

In the code, the worst k is found by evaluating the correlation. However, the code may not be considering all possible k's. Especially, when the function is sampled with n_points points, the shift k could be any real number, but the correlation method captures shifts that are integers in the discrete case. Wait, no. The correlation with mode 'full' gives lags from 0 to 2n_points - 1, but since the original function is over [0,2], the actual k's that are relevant are between 0 and 2.

But when using the code's approach of computing the correlation, the max k is in the range of the correlation's lags. However, the code uses the full correlation and then multiplies by dx. That seems correct, as the integral over the shift k would be approximated by the correlation.

But perhaps there's a more precise way to compute the maximum overlap. For example, using a finer grid of k values. However, that would increase the computational time.

Another angle: the problem is similar to designing a binary or ternary signal with certain properties. In signal processing, this is related to minimizing the maximum cross-correlation, which is a known problem. Maybe there are known techniques or constructions for this.

For example, using a "spread spectrum" approach where the function is designed to have low autocorrelation. However, the constraint here is different, as it's not about autocorrelation but cross-correlation with shifted versions of itself, under an integral constraint.

But perhaps some of the techniques from code division multiple access (CDMA) or other spread spectrum methods could be applied here. For instance, using sequences with low cross-correlation, but adjusted to fit the integral constraint.

Alternatively, using a Walsh function or similar orthogonal functions for the step function, but that might not directly apply.

Another thought: since the integral of h is 1, and the function is over [0,2], the average value of h is 0.5. The overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx, which is equal to the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x)h(x+k) dx. Therefore, the problem reduces to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x+k) dx over k, which is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx.

Therefore, the problem is to maximize the minimal pairwise overlap. So, we need to design h such that when it's shifted in any way, the overlapping area is as small as possible.

This seems similar to the problem of designing a sequence with low cross-correlation, which is a known problem in communication systems. For example, in CDMA, codes are designed to have low cross-correlation with each other. Perhaps using such codes as inspiration could help.

But since we have only one function h to design, it's more like finding a single sequence with good properties. However, the cross-correlation with itself (i.e., the autocorrelation) is a key factor here. So, the problem reduces to minimizing the maximum of the autocorrelation of h(x) shifted by k.

Wait, no. Because the overlap is h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx, which is different from the autocorrelation. But if we write it as:

overlap = ∫ h(x)dx - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx = 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx.

Therefore, the problem becomes maximizing the minimum value of the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx over all k. So, the goal is to make sure that this integral is as large as possible for the worst case k. Therefore, the problem is equivalent to maximizing the minimal value of the autocorrelation of h(x) over all shifts.

This is similar to the concept of "deterministic" optimal codes in signal processing, where the goal is to have minimal cross-correlation. However, in this case, it's the autocorrelation. 

For a binary function, where h(x) is 0 or 1, the autocorrelation would be related to the number of overlapping 1s when shifted. So, we need to arrange the 1s in h to minimize the maximum number of overlapping 1s when shifted.

This is similar to the problem of placing points on a line (in our case, the interval [0,2]) such that the number of overlaps when shifted is minimized. 

This seems like a classic combinatorial optimization problem. However, since h can be any step function with values in [0,1], not just binary, perhaps a more continuous approach is better.

But how to generate such a function? Maybe using a heuristic approach, like the previous genetic algorithm, but with improvements.

Back to the code. The previous code used a genetic algorithm with a population, mutations, crossovers, and local refinements. The user wants to do something different. So, perhaps instead of a population-based approach, use a single-point optimization with some exploration.

Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach, which is a metaheuristic that could potentially find better solutions. But again, with the time constraints, it's hard to know.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, the worst-case k is likely to be around the period of the function. For example, if the function is periodic with a certain period, then shifting by that period would cause minimal overlap. However, the function is defined on [0,2], and the integral is fixed. So, perhaps the optimal function has certain symmetries or periodicity that can be exploited.

Alternatively, using a Fourier-based approach. The integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx can be expressed in terms of the Fourier transform. However, since the function is piecewise constant, this might not be straightforward. But it's an idea worth considering.

The autocorrelation function can be written as the inverse Fourier transform of the magnitude squared of the Fourier transform. So, minimizing the maximum autocorrelation would correspond to designing the Fourier transform to have a certain structure. But since h is constrained to have integral 1 and values between 0 and 1, this might limit the possible designs.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? It's getting a bit abstract.

Alternatively, consider that the function h(x) can be thought of as a probability density function (since its integral is 1). The integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx is then the probability that two random points x and x + k are both in regions where h is 1. Wait, no. Actually, h(x) is a step function, so it's not necessarily a probability density. However, the integral over all x of h(x) dx is 1, which might imply a kind of normalization.

But maybe thinking in terms of probability distributions could help. For example, the overlap integral is the probability that x is in a region where h(x) is 1, and x + k is in a region where h(x + k) is 1. Therefore, the problem is to design a distribution h(x) such that the probability of simultaneous 1s in x and x + k is minimized for any k.

This is similar to the concept of designing a random variable to have low correlation with its shifted versions, which is again related to signal processing and coding theory.

But I'm not sure how to apply this directly to the optimization. 

Let's think about the code again. The previous code had a population-based approach with local refinements. To improve it, perhaps enhancing the local refinement step by:

1. More accurately identifying the worst k during the refinement process.
2. Using more effective local optimization methods.
3. Adjusting mutation and crossover heuristics.

For example, in the local refinement step, instead of picking a single k and optimizing for it, the code could sample several k values and optimize for the worst of them, or use a more sophisticated method like gradient descent with a penalty for the worst case.

Another idea is to use a multi-objective approach, allowing the optimization to balance between different k values, but this would complicate the implementation.

Alternatively, during the local refinement, instead of using SLSQP, use a derivative-free optimization method, like differential evolution, which might be more efficient for this problem.

But given the time, I need to stick with a feasible approach.

Let me consider modifying the previous code. For example, increasing the mutation intensity, changing the way the worst k is determined, or using a different local optimization strategy.

Wait, in the previous code, during the local refinement, the code computes the worst k for the current h and then optimizes for that specific k. However, the worst k might change during the optimization. So perhaps the code should not only optimize for that k but also check neighboring k's to ensure that the solution is robust.

Alternatively, during the refinement, the code could use a grid search over several k values (like the k that are multiples of the step size) and optimize for the worst among them. This might help in more accurately finding the maximum overlap.

Another thought: the initial code's local refinement step uses a fixed set of possible k values (like 0.5, 1.0, 1.5). It might be better to dynamically determine which k's to target based on the current h's correlation.

So, in the local refinement, the code could first compute the correlation for all possible k and find the maximum, then optimize for that k. This would be more accurate but may be computationally expensive.

But in the code, the correlation is already computed for all k, so perhaps that's already being used. The code's compute_c5 function finds the maximum value of the correlation, then multiplies by dx to get C₅. So, during the local refinement, the code should already know the worst k for the current h. Therefore, optimizing for that specific k would be the best way.

Thus, the local refinement step is correct in targeting the worst k.

So, what could be improved?

Maybe the local optimization step could be more aggressive. For example, using a tighter tolerance, more iterations, or a better solver. The previous code used SLSQP, which is a good choice for constrained optimization. However, perhaps using a different solver or adjusting the solver's parameters could help.

Another possibility is to use a better initial guess for the local optimization. For example, instead of taking the current h and perturbing it, using a more informed guess based on the current k that causes the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, during the local refinement, the code could try different k's and choose the one that gives the best improvement. For example, if the worst k changes slightly during the refinement, the code might find a better solution by optimizing for the new worst k.

But again, this requires recomputing the worst k each time, which is already part of the process.

Another idea: perhaps the initial population is not diverse enough. The previous code starts with the initial_h_values and a few random candidates. Maybe adding more diversity by using different initial patterns, like alternating 0 and 1 in a specific way.

But how to generate these patterns algorithmically? For example, using a periodic pattern with a certain period. For example, dividing the interval into n_intervals equal parts and setting h to 1 in some of them.

But creating such patterns in code would require some mathematics. For example, if we have n_points = 60, and we want to divide [0,2] into 3 intervals of width 2/3, then h is 1 in one interval and 0 otherwise. But that would give a very low C₅, but it might not satisfy the integral constraint. Wait, the integral is 1, so the total area under h is 1. For example, if each interval has width 2/3 and h is 1 in one interval, the integral would be 2/3. To reach integral 1, we'd need to have the area in the interval(s) that are 1 to sum to 1. So, for example, if we have two intervals of width 1 each, and set h to 0.5 in both, then the integral is 1. This would give a wave-like pattern, but the overlap with shifts would depend on the shift amount.

But generating such patterns algorithmically could be done with functions that create evenly spaced intervals with certain values.

However, for the purposes of this code, perhaps generating a few different structured patterns as initial candidates could improve the search. For example, creating patterns with different numbers of intervals (like 3, 4, 5) and varying widths, and then using those as initial candidates.

But the user's previous code used a predefined initial_h_values, so maybe the new code should also start with that. 

Another aspect is the population size. The previous code used 50 individuals. Maybe increasing it to 100 could help, but with the 600s budget, it might be too time-consuming. Alternatively, reducing the population size and using more aggressive mutation/crossover steps.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where the code alternates between global and local optimizations. For example, first exploring the search space with mutation and crossover, then focusing on refining the best individuals with local optimization.

At this point, I think the best way forward is to modify the previous code to improve the local refinement step. For example, instead of using a single k, use multiple k's and optimize for the worst case, or use a more accurate method to find the worst k.

An alternative approach is to use a different solver for the local optimization. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which might converge faster for this problem. Or adjusting the constraints more tightly.

Another idea: in the local refinement step, the code could use the current h to compute the worst k, then perform a local optimization to minimize the overlap for that k, and also check the worst k after the optimization to see if it improved. This is already what the code does, but perhaps it could be more thorough.

Additionally, the previous code's mutation step uses a fixed amount of perturbation. Maybe making the mutation step adapt based on the current C₅ value. For example, if the C₅ is high, use larger mutations to explore more widely, and smaller mutations when it's low.

But implementing such an adaptive mutation strategy might be complex, and I need to keep the code concise.

Another possible improvement is to use more efficient data structures. For example, precomputing the shifts and reusing them in calculations.

In summary, the plan is to enhance the local refinement step by:

1. More accurately identifying the worst k for the current h.
2. Using a more effective solver for local optimization, perhaps with adjusted tolerances.
3. Adjusting mutation and crossover strategies to explore the search space more effectively.
4. Possibly increasing the number of local refinement steps or the number of candidates considered for refinement.

Now, translating these ideas into code changes. Let's think about the code structure. The previous code had:

- A population of h values.
- Each generation, evaluating fitness, selecting elites, generating new population via mutation and crossover.
- Local refinement of elites using SLSQP.

The code is concise but might have some inefficiencies. To improve it, perhaps:

- In the local refinement, after computing the worst k, also check for several nearby k's to ensure the optimization is robust.
- Adjust the mutation step to allow for larger variations when the current solution is not good enough.
- Use a different solver or adjust the solver's parameters.

Here's how I might modify the code:

In the local refinement step, after calculating the worst k, compute the correlation for a few nearby k's (like k ± 0.1, ±0.2, etc.) and choose the worst among them to optimize. This could prevent the solver from getting stuck on a suboptimal k.

Additionally, in the mutation step, instead of a fixed perturbation, perhaps vary the mutation size based on the current C₅ value. For example, if C₅ is high, use a larger perturbation to explore, and smaller when C₅ is low.

Another idea is to use a different optimizer for the local steps. Maybe using the 'COBYLA' solver from scipy.optimize, which handles bounds more efficiently. Or using 'Nelder-Mead' if the objective is not smooth.

But in the previous code, SLSQP was used with constraints. That's probably the most appropriate choice.

Also, the previous code's local refinement step only considers a small subset of the population (top 3% of candidates) for refinement. Maybe increasing this number to, say, 5% or 10% could lead to better results.

Another possibility is to use the worst k not just for the current h, but also for the candidates in the population, to find the most problematic k's and optimize for those across the board.

Putting this all together, here's an outline of code changes:

- In the local refinement step, for each elite candidate, compute the worst k, then optimize for that specific k. Also, check a few neighboring k's to cover cases where the worst k is in the vicinity of the current worst k.

- Adjust the mutation step to allow for more aggressive mutations when the solution is not good enough.

- Increase the number of candidates refined in the local step.

- Use a more efficient solver or adjust solver parameters for the local optimization.

Now, implementing these changes in the code.

For example, in the local refinement part of the code:

Instead of selecting the top 3% of the combined population, select more candidates and refine them. Also, when optimizing, instead of just the current worst k, also consider the top k's from the correlation.

Another change is to use a more accurate way to find the worst k. Since the correlation is computed, the maximum value corresponds to the worst k. So, the code can extract the corresponding k index and use that in the local optimization.

Additionally, in the mutation step, the previous code used a fixed perturbation of ±0.05. Perhaps increasing this to ±0.1 to explore more widely, then decreasing it as the solution improves.

But this is just an idea; it's possible that the previous mutation size was optimal.

Another consideration is the number of generations. The previous code ran for 100 generations. Increasing the number of generations might allow for more exploration, but with the time budget, it's possible to run more generations if each is efficient.

In summary, the code will be similar to the previous one but with refined local optimization, better mutation strategy, and possibly more candidates for refinement.

Now, considering the code's structure, I need to make sure that the code adheres to the constraints, such as not using long literals, and keeping the code concise.

The final code would look like this, incorporating these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import time
from scipy.optimize import minimize
from scipy.signal import correlate

def run(seed=42, budget_s=600):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    
    global initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def scale_h(h):
        sum_h = np.sum(h)
        if sum_h == 0:
            return np.zeros_like(h) + 0.5
        scale = (n_points / 2) / sum_h
        return np.clip(h * scale, 0, 1)
    
    h = initial_h_values.copy()
    h = scale_h(h)
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = compute_c5(best_h, dx, n_points)
    
    population = [h]
    for _ in range(4):
        h_rand = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
        h_rand = scale_h(h_rand)
        population.append(h_rand)
    
    start_time = time.time()
    generation = 0
    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s and generation < 300:
        generation += 1
        
        fitness = [compute_c5(p, dx, n_points) for p in population]
        elites = [population[i] for i in np.argsort(fitness)[:len(population) // 10]]
        
        new_pop = []
        for h in population:
            h_mut = h + np.random.normal(0, 0.1, size=n_points)
            h_mut = np.clip(h_mut, 0, 1)
            h_mut = scale_h(h_mut)
            new_pop.append(h_mut)
        
        top_indices = np.argsort(fitness)[:len(population) // 5]
        top_parents = [population[i] for i in top_indices]
        for _ in range(len(top_parents) // 2):
            idx1, idx2 = np.random.choice(len(top_parents), 2, replace=False)
            p1, p2 = top_parents[idx1], top_parents[idx2]
            split = np.random.randint(1, n_points - 1)
            child = np.concatenate([p1[:split], p2[split:]])
            child = scale_h(child)
            new_pop.append(child)
        
        combined = elites + new_pop
        fitness_combined = [compute_c5(p, dx, n_points) for p in combined]
        sorted_indices = np.argsort(fitness_combined)
        population = [combined[i] for i in sorted_indices[:len(population)]]
        
        for h_candidate in elites:
            corr = correlate(h_candidate, 1 - h_candidate, mode='full')
            max_corr = np.max(corr)
            best_lag = np.argmax(corr)
            k = best_lag - (n_points - 1)
            
            def obj(x):
                h = x.copy()
                sum_h = np.sum(h)
                if sum_h == 0:
                    return 1e6
                h = scale_h(h)
                corr = correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
                return np.max(corr) * dx
            
            res = minimize(obj, h_candidate, method='L-BFGS-B', bounds=[(0,1)]*n_points, tol=1e-6)
            if res.success:
                h_opt = res.x
                c5_opt = compute_c5(h_opt, dx, n_points)
                if c5_opt < best_c5:
                    best_c5 = c5_opt
                    best_h = h_opt.copy()
    
    return (best_h, best_c5, n_points)

def compute_c5(h, dx, n_points):
    corr = correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr)
    return max_corr * dx
```