<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral. The previous code uses a local optimization approach with perturbations and SLSQP, but it's not achieving the target C₅ of 0.380876. So, I need to think of a better strategy.

First, let me understand the problem again. We need to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral (which is the maximum cross-correlation between h and 1-h) is minimized. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum of the cross-correlation, scaled by dx.

The previous approach uses random perturbations and local optimization. But maybe that's getting stuck in local minima. So, perhaps a different approach is needed. Let me think about possible improvements.

One idea is to use a more global optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a genetic algorithm or a particle swarm optimization could help escape local minima. However, those methods might be slower, but since the time budget is 100 seconds, perhaps with a smaller n_points, it's feasible.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a different parameterization. For example, instead of directly optimizing the step function, maybe we can model it as a set of intervals where h is 0 or 1, but that might not be flexible enough. Or perhaps use a Fourier-based approach, since the problem involves cross-correlation, which relates to convolution in the frequency domain. But I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=100). Maybe using a smaller n_points could allow for faster exploration, but the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. However, the initial guess is given with n=100, so maybe starting with that and then trying different n_points could help. But the user's previous code uses n=100, and the target is to get a better bound.

Wait, the problem mentions that the current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. So we need to get lower than that. How can we improve?

Maybe the previous approach isn't exploring enough different initial configurations. The initial guess is fixed, but maybe starting from different initial configurations could lead to better results. For example, using a different initial guess, like a more uniform distribution or a pattern that's known to have good properties.

Another idea: the cross-correlation is maximized over different shifts. The maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. So, perhaps the function h should be designed to avoid having large overlaps with itself shifted by different k's. Maybe a periodic or symmetric structure?

Alternatively, maybe using a more structured approach, like dividing the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 0 or 1 in a way that minimizes the overlap. For example, if h is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, then the overlap would be the integral over regions where h is 1 and 1-h is 1, which would be zero. But since the integral of h must be 1, we need to balance that.

Wait, but h is a step function, so maybe it's better to model it as a set of intervals where h is 0 or 1. However, the problem allows h to take any value between 0 and 1, not just 0 and 1. So maybe a more optimal solution is to have h take intermediate values.

But how to model that? The previous code uses a continuous optimization approach with SLSQP. Maybe the problem is that the optimization is too local. Let me think about the constraints again. The constraint is that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. The objective is to minimize the maximum cross-correlation.

Another approach could be to use a gradient-based method with more sophisticated exploration. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach to search for the optimal h. However, implementing that might be complex.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients and can handle constraints. But I'm not sure if that would be better than SLSQP here.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the perturbation strategies could help. For example, using different noise scales for different perturbations, or using a more systematic exploration.

Another idea: instead of starting from the initial guess, maybe generate multiple initial guesses with different patterns. For example, using a random initial guess, a uniform distribution, or a pattern that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that balances the integral.

Also, the current code uses a fixed n_points of 100. Maybe trying with a smaller n_points could allow for faster exploration, but the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. However, the initial guess is given with n=100, so perhaps that's the starting point.

Wait, the problem says that the initial_h_values is provided, which is an initial construction. The previous code starts from that. Maybe the initial construction isn't optimal, and we need to explore other initial configurations.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization strategy, such as a multi-start approach with different initial points. For example, generating multiple initial guesses and optimizing each one, then taking the best result.

Another thought: the cross-correlation is maximized over all k. So, perhaps the maximum occurs at certain specific shifts. For example, shifts that correspond to the length of the interval. Since the interval is [0,2], shifting by k=1 or k=2 might be critical. So, maybe the function h should be designed to have minimal overlap when shifted by 1 or 2.

But how to model that? It's not clear. Maybe the problem is that the previous approach is not considering the structure of the cross-correlation. For example, the maximum could be achieved at different k's, and the function h needs to be designed to minimize all of them.

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is a convolution, maybe using a Fourier transform approach. The cross-correlation of h and 1-h is the same as the convolution of h with 1-h reversed. The maximum of this convolution could be related to the maximum of the Fourier transform's magnitude. However, I'm not sure how to apply this here, as the problem involves maximizing over k, which could be complex.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a quadratic optimization problem. However, since the objective is to minimize the maximum of several integrals (for different k), it's a semi-infinite optimization problem, which is challenging.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization strategy, such as a genetic algorithm, or to use a more efficient local search with better perturbation strategies.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe the problem is that the perturbations are not sufficient to escape local minima. So, perhaps using a different perturbation strategy, like simulated annealing, or varying the noise scale during the optimization.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, such as the COBYLA method, which doesn't require gradients but can handle bounds and constraints. However, COBYLA might be slower than SLSQP.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of several integrals, perhaps we can model this as a minimax problem. However, solving such problems is generally difficult, but with the constraints of the problem, maybe we can approximate it.

Alternatively, maybe using a different parameterization for h. For example, instead of using a continuous function, model h as a set of intervals with certain properties. But this might complicate the optimization.

Let me think about the previous code again. It starts with the initial guess, then does 200 perturbations. Each perturbation is either a random noise added to the initial guess or to the best_h so far. The noise is scaled to maintain the sum constraint. Then, for each perturbed guess, it runs SLSQP to optimize.

The problem might be that the perturbations are not sufficient to explore the search space effectively. Maybe using a more diverse set of initial guesses could help. For example, generating multiple initial guesses with different patterns and then optimizing each.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might not be the best starting point. For example, maybe a more uniform distribution or a pattern that's known to have good properties.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], the average value of h is 0.5. So, maybe the optimal h is a function that is 0.5 everywhere, but that would make the overlap integral zero. However, that's not possible because the cross-correlation would be zero. Wait, but if h is 0.5 everywhere, then 1-h is also 0.5, so the cross-correlation would be 0.5 * 0.5 = 0.25, integrated over the interval. But the maximum over k would be the same for all k. However, the integral would be 0.25 * 2 (since dx is 2/n_points, but the integral over [0,2] would be 0.25 * 2 = 0.5. Wait, no. Let me compute:

If h(x) = 0.5 for all x, then 1 - h(x) = 0.5. The cross-correlation at shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. Since h is constant, this becomes 0.5 * 0.5 * ∫ dx over the overlapping region. The integral over [0,2] would be 0.25 * length of the overlap. The maximum overlap occurs when k is such that the overlap is maximum. For example, when k=0, the overlap is 2, so the integral is 0.25 * 2 = 0.5. But the maximum over k would be 0.5. However, this is worse than the current record of 0.38, so this is not helpful. Hence, the optimal h cannot be constant.

So, the previous approach's initial guess is probably better than this.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that has minimal self-overlap when shifted. This is similar to the concept of a "good" function in signal processing, where the autocorrelation is minimized. Perhaps using techniques from that field could help.

In signal processing, a common approach to minimize autocorrelation is to use a function with a certain structure, like a Barker code, which has minimal autocorrelation. However, Barker codes are for binary sequences and have specific lengths. Maybe adapting such ideas could help here.

But since the problem allows h to take any value between 0 and 1, not just binary, perhaps a more flexible approach is needed.

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is maximized over k, perhaps the function h should be designed such that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized. This could be achieved by ensuring that h is as "spread out" as possible, avoiding regions where it is high and then again high when shifted.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem?

Perhaps the previous approach is too local. To improve, maybe using a different optimization strategy, like a genetic algorithm, which can explore the search space more thoroughly. However, implementing a genetic algorithm might be time-consuming, but given the time budget, it might be feasible.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimization method with better perturbation strategies. For example, using a larger number of perturbations with varying noise scales, or using a combination of different optimization methods.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. The code does 200 perturbations, with the first 20 being random noise added to the initial guess, then perturbing the best_h with varying noise. The noise scales decrease over time. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the noise scales more could help.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP, use a different optimization method that can handle the constraints better. For example, using the Sequential Quadratic Programming (SQP) method with different settings, or using a different solver like COBYLA.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where we first do a global search with a genetic algorithm and then refine with local optimization.

But given the time constraints, maybe modifying the existing approach to use more diverse perturbations and better optimization settings could help.

Another possible improvement is to use a different initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might not be the best starting point. For example, generating a random initial guess with the correct sum, or using a pattern that's known to have good properties.

Wait, the problem says that the initial_h_values is provided, and the user is encouraged to explore solutions that use other starting points. So maybe starting from different initial guesses could lead to better results.

So, perhaps modifying the code to generate multiple initial guesses, each with different patterns, and then optimizing each one. For example, generating a random initial guess, a uniform distribution, or a pattern that alternates between 0 and 1 in a certain way.

But how to implement this? The previous code starts from the initial guess. Maybe adding a step where we generate several different initial guesses and optimize each, then take the best result.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach where each start is a different perturbation of the initial guess.

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is maximized over k, perhaps the maximum occurs at specific shifts. For example, shifts that correspond to the length of the interval. So, maybe focusing the optimization on minimizing the cross-correlation at those specific shifts.

But how to incorporate that into the objective function? The current objective function is to minimize the maximum over all k. Perhaps we can approximate this by considering a subset of k's that are most critical.

However, this might not be straightforward. The previous approach already considers all k's, so perhaps that's already handled.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. The current code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. However, for the integral, we need to consider the overlap for each shift k. But the maximum of these values is what we need to minimize.

Wait, the cross-correlation in the code is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), which gives the cross-correlation for all shifts. The maximum of this is then multiplied by dx to get the integral. So, the code is correct in that aspect.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed n_points of 100. Maybe trying with a smaller n_points, like 50 or 100, could allow for faster exploration. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. Let me check the previous code: the initial guess has n_points=100. So perhaps keeping n_points=100 is acceptable.

Another possible optimization: using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the 1-h values and reusing them. But the current code already does that.

Hmm. Maybe the main issue is that the previous approach isn't exploring enough different regions of the search space. So, perhaps increasing the number of perturbations or varying the perturbation strategies more could help.

For example, in the previous code, the first 20 perturbations are random noise added to the initial guess. Then, for the next 30, it adds noise to the best_h. Maybe instead of doing this, we can generate multiple initial guesses with different patterns and optimize each.

Alternatively, using a different perturbation strategy, such as adding noise to different parts of the function, or using a more systematic exploration.

Another idea: using a different optimization method for the local optimization. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method, which is a bounded optimization method that might converge faster.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods, like first doing a global search with a genetic algorithm and then refining with SLSQP.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use more diverse perturbations and better optimization settings.

So, here's a plan:

1. Start with the initial guess, but also generate additional initial guesses with different patterns (e.g., random, uniform, etc.).
2. For each initial guess, perform a local optimization using SLSQP with tighter tolerances.
3. Use a larger number of perturbations to explore the search space more thoroughly.
4. Vary the noise scale during perturbations to encourage exploration.
5. Use a more efficient optimization method, like L-BFGS-B, which might converge faster.

But how to implement this in code?

Alternatively, modify the existing code to generate more initial guesses. For example, instead of just starting from the initial guess, generate several random initial guesses and optimize each.

But given the time budget, perhaps the previous code's approach can be improved by:

- Increasing the number of perturbations.
- Using different noise scales for different perturbations.
- Using a more efficient optimization method.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. The code does 200 perturbations. Maybe increasing that to 500 or 1000 would help, but that might take more time. However, since the budget is 100 seconds, perhaps it's manageable.

Another idea: using a different initial guess. For example, generating a random initial guess with the correct sum, and then optimizing it. This could help escape local minima.

So, modifying the code to generate multiple initial guesses and optimize each, then selecting the best result.

But how to implement this? Let me think.

The previous code starts with the initial guess and then perturbs it. To generate multiple initial guesses, perhaps we can generate several random guesses and optimize each, then take the best.

But given the time, maybe it's better to generate a few random initial guesses and optimize each, then combine the results.

Alternatively, in the previous code, the first 20 perturbations are random noise added to the initial guess. Maybe instead of doing that, generate several random initial guesses and optimize each.

So, modifying the code to generate multiple initial guesses and optimize each, then selecting the best.

But how to do that within the existing code structure?

Alternatively, in the previous code, the initial guess is fixed. To explore other initial guesses, we can generate a few random guesses and optimize them, then compare with the initial guess.

But this would require modifying the code to generate multiple initial guesses.

Another idea: use a different initial guess for each perturbation. For example, in the loop over perturbations, generate a new random initial guess each time, then optimize it. However, this could be time-consuming.

But given the time budget, perhaps it's worth trying.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses a fixed noise scale for perturbations. Maybe varying the noise scale during the perturbations could help. For example, starting with larger noise to explore the search space, then smaller noise to refine.

So, in the previous code, the first 20 perturbations have noise of ±0.2, then the next 30 have noise of ±0.05, and so on. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations with larger noise scales could help explore more.

Alternatively, using a different noise scale for each perturbation.

But I think the main issue is that the previous code is not exploring enough different regions of the search space. So, perhaps generating more initial guesses and optimizing each could help.

Another idea: using a different optimization method for the local optimization. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradients and can handle constraints. However, it might be slower than SLSQP.

But given that the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations, maybe increasing the maxiter could help.

Alternatively, using a different solver, like COBYLA, which handles bounds and constraints.

So, modifying the code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP.

But I need to check if COBYLA is available. The problem states that scipy.optimize.minimize can use various solvers, including COBYLA.

So, perhaps changing the method to 'COBYLA' could help, as it might handle the constraints better.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=1000) for each optimization. Maybe reducing that could save time, allowing more perturbations.

But this is a trade-off between exploration and exploitation.

Putting this all together, here's a plan for the new code:

- Generate multiple initial guesses, including the initial_h_values and some random ones.
- For each initial guess, perform a local optimization using a different method (like COBYLA) with tighter tolerances.
- Use a larger number of perturbations with varying noise scales to explore the search space.
- Track the best result found within the time budget.

So, modifying the previous code to:

- Use COBYLA as the optimization method.
- Generate more initial guesses.
- Use varying noise scales for perturbations.
- Increase the number of perturbations.

But how to implement this?

Let me outline the steps in code:

1. Define the initial guesses as the initial_h_values and some random ones.
2. For each initial guess, perform a local optimization.
3. Track the best result.

But given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to generate a few random initial guesses and optimize each.

Alternatively, in the existing code, instead of perturbing the initial guess, generate a few random initial guesses and optimize each.

But the previous code starts with the initial guess and perturbs it. To explore other regions, perhaps generate a few random initial guesses and optimize each.

So, modifying the code to generate multiple initial guesses and optimize each.

But given that the code is called with a seed, perhaps generating random initial guesses with the same seed could lead to similar results.

Alternatively, using different seeds for different initial guesses.

But since the code is called with a fixed seed, perhaps generating multiple initial guesses with varying noise.

Another idea: in the previous code, the first 20 perturbations are random noise added to the initial guess. Maybe instead of doing that, generate several random initial guesses and optimize each.

So, modifying the code to:

- Generate a few random initial guesses (e.g., 5) with the correct sum.
- For each, perform a local optimization.
- Track the best result.

This would allow exploring different regions of the search space.

But how to implement this?

In the previous code, the initial_guess is fixed. To generate random initial guesses, we can create a function that generates a random h with sum equal to target_sum.

For example:

def generate_random_initial(n_points, target_sum):
    h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
    h = h * (target_sum / np.sum(h))
    return h

But this might not be the best way, but it's a starting point.

So, modifying the code to generate multiple random initial guesses and optimize each.

But given the time budget, perhaps generating a few random initial guesses and optimizing each would be better.

So, the revised code would:

- Generate a few random initial guesses (e.g., 5) and the initial_h_values.
- For each, perform a local optimization.
- Track the best result.

This way, the code explores different regions of the search space.

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a bounded optimization method that might converge faster.

So, changing the method to 'L-BFGS-B' and adjusting the bounds accordingly.

But the previous code uses SLSQP. Let me think about the constraints. The constraint is that the sum of h is equal to target_sum. The bounds are 0 <= h[i] <= 1.

So, the 'L-BFGS-B' method can handle bounds and equality constraints.

So, modifying the code to use 'L-BFGS-B' with the constraints.

But I need to check if the constraints are properly defined.

In the previous code, the constraint is defined as:

cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})

This is correct for the equality constraint.

So, using 'L-BFGS-B' might be more efficient.

Putting this all together, the revised code would:

- Generate multiple initial guesses (including the initial_h_values and some random ones).
- For each, perform a local optimization using 'L-BFGS-B' with tighter tolerances.
- Track the best result.

This approach could explore more of the search space and potentially find a better solution.

Another possible improvement is to use a different perturbation strategy. For example, instead of adding noise to the initial guess, using a more systematic perturbation, like swapping values or adjusting certain regions.

But given time constraints, perhaps focusing on generating multiple initial guesses and using a better optimization method is the way to go.

So, here's the plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as one initial guess.
- Generate several random initial guesses with the correct sum.
- For each initial guess, perform a local optimization using 'L-BFGS-B' with a higher maxiter.
- Track the best result found.
- Use a larger number of perturbations to explore more.

But how to implement this in code?

The previous code uses a loop over perturbations. Instead, we can generate a list of initial guesses and optimize each.

So, modifying the code to:

- Generate a list of initial guesses (initial_h_values plus some random ones).
- For each guess in the list, perform optimization.
- Track the best result.

This way, the code explores different starting points.

But how to generate the random initial guesses? For example:

random_initials = [initial_h_values]
for _ in range(5):
    h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
    h = h * (target_sum / np.sum(h))
    random_initials.append(h)

Then, for each h in random_initials, perform optimization.

But this would require modifying the code's loop structure.

Another consideration: the previous code uses a loop with perturbations, which might not be the best way. Instead, generating multiple initial guesses and optimizing each could be more effective.

So, the revised code would:

- Generate multiple initial guesses.
- For each, perform optimization.
- Track the best result.

This approach would allow exploring different regions of the search space.

Additionally, using a more efficient optimization method like 'L-BFGS-B' could help.

So, putting this all together, here's the revised code:

Import necessary libraries, define the run function, generate multiple initial guesses, optimize each with L-BFGS-B, and track the best result.

But I need to make sure that the code is within the time budget.

Another possible optimization: reducing the number of iterations in the optimization to save time, allowing more initial guesses to be evaluated.

So, the final code would:

- Use multiple initial guesses.
- Use L-BFGS-B with a reasonable number of iterations.
- Track the best result.

This should help in finding a better solution.

Now, translating this into code.

The previous code uses SLSQP. Changing to L-BFGS-B.

Also, generating multiple initial guesses.

So, the code would look something like this:

import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Generate initial guesses
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    # Generate multiple initial guesses
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess]
    # Add some random initial guesses
    for _ in range(5):
        h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
        h = h * (target_sum / np.sum(h))
        initial_guesses.append(h)
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Optimize each initial guess
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Perturb the guess (though it's already an initial guess)
        # Perform optimization
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            guess,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 100}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

But this code would only optimize each initial guess once. However, the previous code did multiple perturbations. So, perhaps this approach is too simplistic.

Alternatively, for each initial guess, perform multiple perturbations and optimizations.

But given time constraints, perhaps this is a better approach than the previous one.

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization method, like 'SLSQP' with tighter tolerances.

But I think the main idea is to generate multiple initial guesses and optimize each, which should help in finding a better solution.

Another thing to consider is that the previous code used a loop with 200 perturbations, which might be time-consuming. By generating multiple initial guesses and optimizing each, we can explore more of the search space in the same time.

So, this revised code should be more effective.

But what about the time? For each initial guess, the optimization takes some time. With 6 initial guesses (the initial one plus 5 random ones), and each optimization taking, say, 10 seconds, that would be 60 seconds, leaving some time for more iterations.

But the previous code's approach with 200 perturbations might be more thorough. However, it's possible that generating multiple initial guesses and optimizing each is more effective.

Another idea: combine both approaches. Generate multiple initial guesses and perform perturbations on them.

But given time, perhaps the code above is a good start.

Another thing to note: the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 100. The initial_h_values is given with n=100. So, keeping n_points=100 is acceptable.

Now, considering the target C₅ of 0.380876, the previous code achieved 0.381006. So, the new code should aim to get lower than that.

By generating multiple initial guesses and optimizing each, it's possible to find a better solution.

Thus, the final code would generate multiple initial guesses, optimize each with a better method, and track the best result.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Generate multiple initial guesses
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess]
    for _ in range(5):
        h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
        h = h * (target_sum / np.sum(h))
        initial_guesses.append(h)
    
    # Optimize each initial guess
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            guess,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 100}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```