<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used a random perturbation approach with SLSQP optimization, but maybe there's a better way.

First, I should understand what the problem is asking. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. The discretization uses n_points samples, and the sum of h must be n_points / 2.

The previous code starts with an initial guess and then perturbs it, optimizing each time. But maybe that's getting stuck in local minima. So, how can I improve this?

Looking at the lessons from earlier attempts, using SLSQP with equality constraints is recommended. The previous code already does that. So maybe the issue is the initial guess or the perturbation strategy.

The initial guess is given via initial_h_values, which is a 100-sample array. Maybe starting from that is good, but perhaps other starting points could help. Also, the perturbation approach might not be sufficient. Maybe a different optimization strategy, like using a genetic algorithm or a more global search, could help escape local optima. However, given the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, maybe a more efficient approach is better.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations (200), but maybe varying the perturbation size or using different initializations could help. For example, starting with a more structured initial guess, like a periodic function or a specific pattern that's known to be good for similar problems.

Wait, the problem is related to minimizing the maximum overlap. This is similar to designing a function that avoids overlapping too much with its shifted versions. Maybe a better approach is to model this as an optimization problem where we try to minimize the maximum value of the cross-correlation, subject to the integral constraint.

But how to model that? The current code uses a numerical optimization approach, which is feasible. However, the previous code might not be exploring the search space effectively. Maybe using a different optimization method, like a Bayesian optimization or a particle swarm optimization, could be better. But given the time constraints, maybe sticking to SLSQP but with better initializations and more efficient perturbations.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the best_h each time, maybe use a multi-start approach with different initial guesses. For example, generating several different initial configurations and optimizing each one, then selecting the best result. However, the previous code already does some random perturbations, but maybe more diverse initializations could help.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be approached by considering the structure of the optimal function. For example, the optimal h might have a certain symmetry or periodicity. For instance, if the function is piecewise constant with certain intervals, maybe arranging the steps to minimize the overlap.

Another angle: the current code uses a fixed n_points (100 samples). Maybe using a higher n_points could lead to better results, but the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, the user's previous code used n=100, and the target is to find a better bound. Maybe trying with n=200 or 400 could help, but that would take more time. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, so perhaps with n=200, the code can run faster than with higher n.

Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred because they are faster. So maybe sticking with n=100 is better. But perhaps the initial guess is not optimal. Maybe generating a better initial guess could help. For example, using a more informed initial guess based on known patterns or previous results.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a more tractable form. For example, since the overlap integral is the maximum over k of the cross-correlation, perhaps we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we minimize the maximum value of the cross-correlation. However, this is a non-convex problem, making it challenging.

Another thought: the current code uses the 'full' mode of np.correlate, which gives the full cross-correlation. But maybe the maximum occurs at certain shifts k. For example, in the original problem, the shifts k are such that x + k is within [0,2], so k ranges from 0 to 2. However, when discretizing, the shifts would correspond to different lags. The maximum of the cross-correlation over all possible lags is what's being computed.

But how to efficiently compute this? The current approach uses the full cross-correlation and takes the maximum, which is correct. However, maybe there's a way to approximate or focus on certain lags that are more critical.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be approached by considering that the maximum overlap occurs at specific shifts, such as k=1 or k=0.5, and trying to minimize those specifically. But without knowing which shifts are critical, it's hard to target.

Another idea: using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is good for constrained problems. But maybe using a different method, like COBYLA, which doesn't require gradients, could be better for certain cases. Or using a combination of methods.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=1000). Maybe increasing the maxiter could help, but that would take more time. However, the time budget is tight.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the cross-correlation for all possible shifts and finding the maximum. But that's what the current code does.

Another possible improvement: the initial guess might be suboptimal. The initial_h_values provided might not be the best starting point. Maybe generating a better initial guess by using a known construction or a more structured approach. For example, using a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that minimizes overlap.

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm approach where we evolve populations of h functions, selecting those with lower C5 values. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time constraints might be challenging, but perhaps manageable.

But given the time, maybe the best approach is to refine the existing code. Let's think about the previous code's parameters. It does 200 perturbations, with the first 20 being random, then perturbing the best_h with varying noise. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the noise parameters could help. Also, maybe using a different initial guess, such as a more structured one.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed n_points, perhaps trying different n_points. For example, using n=200 might allow for a more precise function, but with the same time budget, it's possible that the code could run faster with a lower n_points. However, the user's previous code used n=100, so maybe sticking with that is better.

Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. So perhaps using n=100 is better than higher n. So the initial code's approach is okay.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses a fixed dx (2.0 / n_points). But maybe adjusting the dx or the sampling points could help, but that's part of the discretization.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be approached by considering that the optimal h is a piecewise constant function with certain intervals. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 0 or 1, and optimizing the lengths of these segments. However, this would be a combinatorial problem, which might be difficult to optimize numerically.

But perhaps using a more structured initial guess, such as a function that has equal segments of 0 and 1, could help. For example, if the function is 1 on [0, a] and 0 on [a, 2], but this is just a simple case. However, the optimal solution might require more complex patterns.

Another thought: the current code's objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. To minimize this maximum, perhaps we can use a more sophisticated optimization approach that considers all possible shifts simultaneously. However, this is non-convex and challenging.

Alternatively, maybe using a gradient-based method with a better initial guess. For example, starting with the initial_h_values and then using a more aggressive optimization.

Wait, the previous code's initial guess is initial_h_values, which is provided. Maybe that's not the best starting point. Perhaps generating a better initial guess by using a known construction or a heuristic.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization strategy, such as a trust-region method or a more advanced variant of SLSQP.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe instead of perturbing the best_h each time, using a random restart approach with multiple initial guesses. For example, generating several different initial configurations and optimizing each one, then selecting the best result. This could help avoid local optima.

But how to generate different initial configurations? Maybe using different patterns, such as random, periodic, or based on some known optimal structures.

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of random and structured initial guesses. For example, starting with the initial_h_values, then generating random perturbations, and also some structured ones like alternating 0s and 1s.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses a fixed noise range for perturbations. Maybe varying the noise range dynamically based on the current solution. For example, when the solution is improving, use smaller noise, and when stuck, use larger noise to explore more.

But implementing this would require tracking the progress and adjusting parameters accordingly, which might complicate the code.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the cross-correlation for all possible lags. However, perhaps there's a way to compute only the relevant lags, but I'm not sure.

Another thing to consider: the previous code's objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. However, the cross-correlation might have multiple peaks, and the maximum could be at different lags. The current approach computes the maximum over all lags, which is correct.

But perhaps there's a way to approximate the maximum by focusing on certain lags that are more likely to be critical. For example, in the Erdős problem, the worst-case shift is often around certain values, like 1 or 0.5. So maybe focusing on those lags could help, but without knowing which ones, it's hard to say.

Another possible optimization: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=1000) for each optimization. Maybe reducing this number and increasing the number of perturbations could help, as the time budget is limited.

Wait, the previous code runs for 200 perturbations, each with an optimization. If each optimization takes a certain amount of time, maybe increasing the number of perturbations could lead to better results, but within the time budget.

Alternatively, maybe using parallel processing. Since there are 10 CPUs available, the code could run multiple optimizations in parallel. However, the current code is written in a single-threaded manner. To utilize multiple CPUs, perhaps using multiprocessing or parallel processing with joblib or similar. But implementing that might be complex, and the code needs to be self-contained without external libraries.

But the problem states that the code can use scipy, numpy, and other mentioned solvers. So perhaps using multiprocessing is allowed. However, the code as written is single-threaded. To make it parallel, the code would need to spawn multiple processes, each running an optimization with different initial guesses. However, this would complicate the code and might not be feasible within the time budget.

Alternatively, maybe the current code can be modified to run more perturbations in parallel. But again, without using external libraries, it's challenging.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed initial guess and perturbs it. Maybe starting with multiple different initial guesses, such as random ones, could lead to better results. For example, generating several random initial guesses, optimizing each, and selecting the best.

But how to generate these random guesses? The initial_h_values is provided, but maybe generating random ones with the correct sum. For example, generating random values between 0 and 1, then scaling them to have the correct sum.

But this would take time, and with the time budget, maybe it's feasible.

Putting this all together, here's a plan:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point, but also generate additional random initial guesses to explore different regions of the search space.
2. For each initial guess, perform an optimization using SLSQP with the sum constraint.
3. Track the best solution found so far.
4. Use a variety of perturbation strategies, including random noise and structured perturbations.
5. Adjust the perturbation parameters (noise range, number of iterations) dynamically based on the progress.
6. Use a higher number of perturbations to explore more of the search space.

But how to implement this within the time constraints? Let's think about the code structure.

The previous code has a loop over perturbation_idx, with different noise ranges. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations and varying the noise parameters could help. Also, perhaps using a different initial guess for some of the perturbations.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed n_points (100). Maybe trying with a different n_points, like 200, could allow for a better solution, but it's unclear. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe sticking with n=100 is better.

So, the plan is to refine the existing code by:

- Increasing the number of perturbations to explore more of the search space.
- Using different noise ranges for different perturbations to balance exploration and exploitation.
- Ensuring that the initial guess is not the only starting point, but also random ones are considered.
- Possibly using a more efficient optimization method or adjusting the optimization parameters.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses the same bounds and constraints for all optimizations. Maybe adding more constraints or adjusting the objective function could help, but the problem's constraints are already handled.

In terms of code changes, perhaps:

- Increase the number of perturbations to, say, 300.
- Use a mix of larger and smaller noise for different perturbations.
- Start with a few random initial guesses, not just the initial_h_values.
- Maybe add a step where the best solution is used to generate new initial guesses for subsequent optimizations.

But how to implement this? Let's think about modifying the code.

The previous code starts with initial_guess = initial_h_values. Maybe generating additional initial guesses by adding random noise and scaling. For example, in the first few perturbations, generate random initial guesses, then perturb the best_h.

Alternatively, in the first few perturbations, use random initial guesses, and then use the best_h as a basis for further perturbations.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=1000) for each optimization. Maybe reducing this number and increasing the number of perturbations could help, as the time is limited.

But how to balance this? For example, if each optimization takes 0.1 seconds, then 1000 perturbations would take 100 seconds. But with 200 perturbations, it's 20 seconds, leaving time for more.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method, like using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is suitable for bound-constrained problems. However, the current code uses SLSQP, which handles equality constraints.

Another possible change: the current code uses the same bounds for all optimizations. Maybe adding more constraints, but the problem only has the sum constraint.

In summary, the main changes would be to increase the number of perturbations, vary the noise parameters, and possibly generate more diverse initial guesses. Also, ensuring that the optimization is run for enough iterations to converge.

So, modifying the previous code to:

- Increase the number of perturbations (e.g., 300).
- Use larger noise for the first few perturbations to explore the space.
- Use smaller noise for later perturbations to fine-tune.
- Start with random initial guesses in addition to the initial_h_values.

Implementing this in code would involve adjusting the loop over perturbations and the noise parameters.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed dx, which is 2.0 / n_points. Since n_points is fixed (100), dx is fixed. So no changes needed there.

Now, considering all this, the revised code would have more perturbations, varied noise, and possibly different initial guesses. Also, ensuring that the optimization is run for sufficient iterations.

Let me outline the code changes:

1. Increase num_perturbations to, say, 300.
2. For the first 20 perturbations, generate random initial guesses with larger noise.
3. For the next 50, perturb the best_h with medium noise.
4. For the remaining, perturb with small noise.
5. Use a higher maxiter for the optimization, but perhaps reduce it to save time.
6. Ensure that the initial_guess is not the only starting point; generate random ones.

But how to generate random initial guesses? For example, in the first few perturbations, generate random h values between 0 and 1, then scale them to have the correct sum.

So, in the code, during the first few perturbations, create a random guess, clip it, scale it, and use that as the initial guess for optimization.

This way, the code explores different regions of the search space.

Another possible change: the current code uses the same initial_guess for all perturbations, but by varying the initial guesses, it can explore more.

Putting this all together, the revised code would have more perturbations, varied noise, and random initial guesses. Also, possibly adjusting the optimization parameters to balance exploration and exploitation.

Now, translating this into code:

The previous code has a loop over perturbation_idx. For the first 20, it generates random noise. Then for the next 30, perturbs the best_h with noise. Then for the rest, smaller noise. But maybe increasing the number of perturbations and adjusting the noise ranges.

Also, in the initial_guess, perhaps using the initial_h_values as one of the starting points, but also generating others.

Another thing: the current code uses the same initial_guess for all perturbations, but by generating different initial guesses, it can explore more.

So, the revised code would have:

- A larger number of perturbations (e.g., 300).
- For the first 20, generate random initial guesses.
- For the next 50, perturb the best_h with medium noise.
- For the next 50, perturb with small noise.
- And so on.

This way, the code explores more of the search space.

Additionally, the optimization parameters could be adjusted. For example, reducing the maxiter to 500 to save time, but allowing more perturbations.

Another possible optimization: using a more efficient method for the optimization. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is suitable for bound-constrained problems. However, the current code uses SLSQP, which can handle equality constraints. But maybe switching to a different method could help.

But given the time, perhaps sticking with SLSQP is better.

In conclusion, the revised code would have more perturbations, varied noise, and possibly different initial guesses. This should help in finding a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    num_perturbations = 300  # Increased for better exploration
    
    for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
        if perturbation_idx < 20:
            # Random initial guess
            random_noise = np.random.uniform(-0.3, 0.3, n_points)
            perturbed = initial_guess + random_noise
            perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
            current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
            scale = target_sum / current_sum
            perturbed = perturbed * scale
        elif perturbation_idx < 70:
            # Perturb best_h with medium noise
            noise = np.random.uniform(-0.15, 0.15, n_points)
            perturbed = best_h + noise
            perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
            current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
            scale = target_sum / current_sum
            perturbed = perturbed * scale
        else:
            # Perturb best_h with small noise
            noise = np.random.uniform(-0.05, 0.05, n_points)
            perturbed = best_h + noise
            perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
            current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
            scale = target_sum / current_sum
            perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 500}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```