<think>
Okay, let's see. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38092, and we need to get lower than that, ideally around 0.380876. The previous code uses a random perturbation approach with SLSQP optimization, but maybe there's a better way.

First, I need to understand the problem better. The function h is a step function over [0,2], with integral 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, we need to minimize this maximum value.

The previous approach uses a fixed initial guess and perturbs it with random noise, then optimizes. But maybe that's too local. Maybe we need a different initialization strategy. Also, the optimization might be getting stuck in local minima. How can we avoid that?

One idea is to use a different starting point. The initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point, but maybe there are other constructions that could lead to better results. For example, maybe using a more structured approach, like dividing the interval into regions with different values of h.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem, where we want h to avoid overlapping too much with its shifted versions. Maybe a periodic or symmetric structure could help. For example, if h is symmetric around 1, or has certain periodicity, that might distribute the overlaps more evenly.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=100). Maybe using a higher number of points could allow for more precise optimization, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, maybe a higher n_points is feasible if the optimization is efficient.

Wait, the user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe keeping n_points around 100-200 is better. But the initial code uses 100 samples. Let me check the initial_h_values. Oh, the initial_h_values is provided, so perhaps starting from there is better.

Another thing: the previous code uses SLSQP with equality constraints. That's good for handling the sum constraint. But maybe the objective function could be modified. The current objective is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation. However, the maximum is a non-smooth function, which might make optimization difficult. Perhaps using a different approach, like minimizing the maximum by transforming the problem into a convex optimization problem?

Wait, but the maximum of the cross-correlation is non-convex. So maybe we can use a different method, like a genetic algorithm or a particle swarm optimization, which can explore the search space more globally. However, the user has access to scipy and cvxpy, so maybe using a different optimization method or a different parameterization.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a more efficient optimization strategy. For example, using a gradient-based method with better initial guesses. The previous code uses random perturbations, but perhaps a smarter way to generate initial guesses could help. For instance, using a grid search over certain parameters or using a more informed initialization based on known good structures.

Another idea: the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum of several functions. Maybe we can use a bilevel optimization approach, where we optimize h to minimize the maximum overlap. But that's probably more complex.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a different discretization. For example, instead of uniform samples, use a non-uniform grid where the function h has more points where the overlap is likely to be high. But that might complicate the optimization.

Wait, the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum of these values is the C5. So, the problem is to find h such that this maximum is as small as possible.

Another observation: the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). For the maximum over k, we need to ensure that for all k, this integral is minimized. So, the function h should be designed to avoid having high values in regions where shifted versions of h also have high values.

Perhaps a good approach is to make h have a certain periodic structure. For example, if h is a periodic function with period T, then shifting by T would result in the same function, so the overlap integral for k=T would be the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx, which is the same for all x. But since the integral of h is 1, maybe this can be minimized. However, the problem allows for any function h, not necessarily periodic.

Alternatively, maybe using a piecewise constant function with multiple regions. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into several intervals where h is 0 or 1, but that might not be optimal. However, since h is a step function, maybe using a more complex structure with multiple levels between 0 and 1.

But the previous code uses a step function represented by samples, so maybe the key is to find a good initial guess and optimize it effectively.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (200), but maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the perturbation strategy could help. For example, using different noise scales for different perturbations, or using a more systematic exploration of the search space.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed n_points (100). Maybe trying different n_points could lead to better results. For example, using n_points=200 might allow for a more precise optimization, but it would take longer. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps it's manageable.

Wait, the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe keeping n_points=100 is better for speed. But perhaps using a higher n_points could allow for better optimization. Let's think: with more points, the function can have more detailed structure, which might lead to a better minimum. However, the optimization time would increase. But since the budget is 100 seconds, maybe it's feasible.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed initial guess. Maybe starting from different initial guesses could help avoid local minima. For example, using a random initial guess each time, or using a structured initial guess based on known patterns.

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of different initial guesses. For example, starting with the initial_h_values, then trying random perturbations, then trying other structured patterns.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a more global optimization method. For example, using a genetic algorithm where each individual is a possible h function, and we evolve them over generations. However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch might be time-consuming, and the user has access to scipy's optimization tools.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to search for the best h function. But again, that might be complex.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with equality constraints. Maybe the problem is that the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. To address this, perhaps using multiple initial guesses and keeping the best result. The previous code does this by perturbing the best_h and optimizing again. However, maybe the number of perturbations is not enough. Increasing the number of perturbations or using different perturbation strategies could help.

Another idea: instead of adding random noise, maybe using a more systematic way to generate perturbations. For example, varying the positions where h is adjusted, or using a grid search over certain parameters.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method which handles bounds and equality constraints, but I'm not sure if that would help.

Another thing to consider: the objective function is the maximum of several cross-correlation values. The maximum is a non-smooth function, which can be challenging for gradient-based methods. Maybe using a smoothed version of the objective function, or using a penalty method to approximate the maximum.

Alternatively, since the maximum is over k, perhaps we can approximate it by considering a subset of k values. For example, instead of checking all possible k, check a few critical ones. However, this might not be accurate.

Wait, the cross-correlation is computed for all possible shifts. The maximum over all k. But in practice, for a step function with n_points samples, the number of possible shifts is limited. However, the np.correlate function with mode 'full' returns all possible shifts, which for a function of length n_points, gives a result of length 2n_points - 1. So, the maximum is over all these shifts.

But perhaps the maximum occurs at certain specific shifts, like k=0.5, 1.0, etc. So, maybe focusing the optimization on those critical shifts could help. However, this is speculative.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed dx (2.0 / n_points). Maybe varying the dx or using a different discretization could help. But the problem requires h to be a step function over [0,2], so the discretization is necessary.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. The initial guess is initial_h_values, which is provided. The code then does 200 perturbations, with the first 20 being random, then perturbing the best_h with varying noise. The optimization uses SLSQP with equality constraints. The objective is the maximum of the cross-correlation multiplied by dx.

The current best is 0.381006, and the target is 0.380876. So, there's a small gap. To improve this, maybe we need a better initial guess or a more effective optimization strategy.

Perhaps using a different initial guess. For example, instead of starting from initial_h_values, maybe generating a different initial guess based on some heuristic. For instance, a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged to minimize overlaps.

Alternatively, using a more structured approach. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 0.5, but that might not be optimal. Or using a function that is 1 in some regions and 0 in others, but arranged to minimize overlaps.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So, maybe a function that is 0.5 everywhere would have an overlap integral of 0.5 * (1 - 0.5) * 2 = 0.5, which is worse than the current best. So, that's not helpful.

Alternatively, maybe a function that is 1 in some regions and 0 in others, but with the integral 1. For example, if h is 1 on an interval of length 1 and 0 elsewhere. Then, the overlap integral for shifts that overlap with this interval would be higher. But this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a function that has multiple regions with different values. For example, a piecewise constant function with several segments. But how to design that?

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe we can use a dual approach. For each possible shift k, the overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum over k, we need to ensure that for all k, this integral is as small as possible.

This resembles a covering problem, where we want h to avoid overlapping with its shifted versions. One way to achieve this is to make h have a certain periodicity or to spread out the regions where h is high.

For example, if h is designed such that it is high in regions that are spaced apart by certain distances, then shifting by those distances would result in lower overlaps. However, designing such a function requires careful consideration.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of multiple shifted versions of a base function. But again, this is vague.

Perhaps the key is to use a better optimization strategy. The previous code uses SLSQP with random perturbations. Maybe using a more global optimization method, like a genetic algorithm, could help find better solutions. However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch might be time-consuming, and the user has access to scipy's optimization tools.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of perturbations, use a more adaptive approach. For example, after finding a good solution, perturb it in different ways and optimize again. Also, using a larger number of perturbations could help explore the search space more thoroughly.

Additionally, the previous code uses a fixed noise scale for perturbations. Maybe varying the noise scale during the perturbations could help. For example, starting with larger noise to explore the space, then smaller noise to refine the solution.

Another thing to consider: the constraints. The sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. The previous code enforces this with an equality constraint. However, during optimization, the constraints might be tight, leading to numerical issues. Maybe using a more robust optimization method or adjusting the constraints' handling.

Also, the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. Since this is a non-smooth function, the optimization might have trouble finding the true minimum. Perhaps using a different objective function, such as minimizing the maximum by introducing a variable that represents the maximum and then minimizing that variable subject to the cross-correlation values being less than or equal to it. This would turn the problem into a convex optimization problem if possible.

Wait, that's an interesting idea. Let me think. Let me denote the maximum overlap as C. We want to minimize C such that for all k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx ≤ C. This is a semi-infinite optimization problem, but since we're working with a discretized version, we can approximate it by checking a finite number of k values. However, even then, it's challenging.

But perhaps we can use a bilevel optimization approach. The outer problem is to minimize C, and the inner problem is to find h such that for all k, the overlap integral is ≤ C. However, solving this is non-trivial.

Alternatively, for a given C, we can check if there exists an h that satisfies the constraints. This is a feasibility problem. Then, we can perform a binary search on C to find the minimal possible value. However, solving the feasibility problem for each C would require an optimization that enforces the constraints for all k.

But with the discretized version, we can approximate the feasibility problem by checking a finite set of k values. However, this approach might not be feasible within the time budget.

Another thought: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a penalty method where the objective function is the maximum overlap plus a penalty term for violating the sum constraint. However, the previous code already handles the sum constraint with an equality constraint.

Hmm. Maybe the previous approach is the best we can do, but with some modifications. Let's think about how to improve it.

First, the initial guess is important. The initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe there are other initial guesses that could lead to better results. For example, using a different initial guess based on a known construction or a more structured approach.

Second, the number of perturbations. The previous code uses 200 perturbations. Maybe increasing this number could help explore more of the search space. However, with the time budget, we need to balance between the number of perturbations and the time taken for each optimization.

Third, the perturbation strategy. The previous code uses random noise with varying scales. Maybe using a more systematic way to generate perturbations, such as varying certain regions of h or using a grid search over possible parameters.

Fourth, the optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP. Maybe using a different method, like COBYLA, which handles bounds and constraints, could be better. Or using a different solver from cvxpy if possible.

Wait, the user mentioned that they can use cvxpy with various solvers. Maybe formulating the problem as a convex optimization problem. However, the problem is non-convex because of the maximum overlap. But perhaps we can approximate it.

Alternatively, using a different parameterization. For example, instead of directly optimizing h, parameterize h in a way that makes the problem easier. For instance, using a Fourier series or other basis functions.

But this might complicate things. Let's think again about the previous code. The main issues might be:

1. The initial guess is fixed, leading to local optima.
2. The perturbation strategy might not be sufficient to explore the search space.
3. The optimization might not be converging to the global minimum.

To address these, perhaps:

- Use multiple initial guesses, not just the initial_h_values.
- Use a more diverse set of perturbations, including structured ones.
- Use a more efficient optimization method or adjust the parameters of the existing method.

Another idea: instead of using random noise, use a grid-based perturbation. For example, for each perturbation, vary certain points in a structured way. However, this might be complex.

Alternatively, use a combination of random and structured perturbations. For example, in some perturbations, randomly perturb the entire array, and in others, perturb specific regions.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=1000) for each optimization. Maybe reducing this number could speed up the process, allowing more perturbations to be tried within the budget.

But this is a trade-off between exploration and exploitation.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code starts with initial_h_values, then does 200 perturbations. Each perturbation is a random noise added to the current best h, clamped to [0,1], scaled to meet the sum constraint. Then, it optimizes using SLSQP.

Maybe the problem is that the initial guess is not good enough. So, perhaps generating multiple initial guesses and running the optimization from each could help. For example, using a random initial guess each time, and then optimizing.

But with the time budget, this might not be feasible. However, the user has 10 CPUs, so parallel processing could help. However, the code as written is not parallelized.

Alternatively, the code could be modified to run multiple independent optimizations in parallel, each starting from a different initial guess. But the current code is sequential.

Another idea: use a different initial guess for each perturbation. For example, in the first few perturbations, use random initial guesses, then use the best_h from previous optimizations. This is what the previous code does, but maybe increasing the number of random initial guesses could help.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed noise scale. Maybe varying the noise scale during perturbations could help. For example, starting with larger noise to explore the space, then smaller noise to refine.

Another thing to consider: the evaluation of the objective function. The current code computes the cross-correlation and takes the maximum. However, this is computationally expensive. Maybe precomputing or optimizing this part could help.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the main improvements are in the initial guess and perturbation strategy.

So, to improve the code, perhaps:

1. Use a different initial guess, such as a random one, to avoid getting stuck in local optima.
2. Increase the number of perturbations to explore more of the search space.
3. Use a more diverse set of perturbations, such as varying noise scales and structured perturbations.
4. Adjust the optimization parameters, like increasing the maximum number of iterations or using a different solver.

But how to implement these changes?

Let me think about the code. The current code starts with initial_h_values. Maybe starting with a random initial guess could help. However, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point. Alternatively, combining both.

Another idea: use a combination of initial guesses. For example, start with initial_h_values, then generate a few random initial guesses and optimize from there. This could help find better solutions.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (200). Maybe increasing this number to 500 or 1000, but with the time budget, it's a trade-off. However, with 10 CPUs, perhaps parallelizing the perturbations could help.

But the code as written is sequential. To make it faster, maybe using parallel processing. However, the user hasn't mentioned anything about parallelism, so perhaps it's not allowed. The code must be self-contained and not use filesystem or network IO.

Another thing: the previous code uses SLSQP with ftol=1e-10, which is very tight. Maybe relaxing the tolerance could allow faster convergence, but this might lead to suboptimal solutions.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients. However, this might be slower.

In conclusion, the main improvements could be:

- Using a better initial guess, possibly a random one.
- Increasing the number of perturbations.
- Varying the noise scale during perturbations.
- Using a different optimization method or adjusting parameters.

Now, let's think about implementing these changes.

First, the initial guess: the previous code uses initial_h_values. Maybe generating a random initial guess could help. So, in the code, we can generate a random initial guess and optimize from there, in addition to the initial_h_values.

Second, increasing the number of perturbations. The previous code has 200, maybe increasing to 500.

Third, varying the noise scale. For example, in the first few perturbations, use larger noise, then smaller noise.

Fourth, using a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method which handles bounds and constraints.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is suitable for equality constraints. COBYLA is for bounds and inequality constraints, but since we have an equality constraint, SLSQP is better.

Another thing: the previous code uses the same n_points as the initial_h_values. Maybe trying different n_points could help. For example, using n_points=200, but this would require more computation. However, with the time budget, it's possible.

But the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. So, maybe keeping n_points=100 is better.

Putting this all together, here's a plan for the new code:

- Start with the initial_h_values as one initial guess.
- Generate additional random initial guesses.
- For each perturbation, vary the noise scale and type.
- Use a larger number of perturbations.
- Optimize using SLSQP with adjusted parameters.
- Track the best solution found.

So, modifying the previous code to include more initial guesses and varied perturbations.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the best_h, generate new initial guesses each time. For example, in each iteration, generate a new random initial guess and optimize from there. This would explore more of the search space.

But this would require more computation. However, with the time budget, it might be feasible.

Alternatively, use a combination of the initial_h_values and random initial guesses.

Let me outline the code changes:

1. Generate multiple initial guesses, including the initial_h_values and some random ones.
2. For each initial guess, perform an optimization.
3. Keep track of the best solution found.
4. Use a larger number of perturbations or more diverse initial guesses.

But the previous code already does some of this by perturbing the best_h. Maybe the key is to increase the number of perturbations and use more diverse initial guesses.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed dx. Maybe using a different discretization, but the problem requires h to be a step function over [0,2], so the discretization is necessary.

Now, let's think about the code. The previous code has a loop over perturbation_idx, and for each, it generates a perturbed h. The initial_guess is initial_h_values. Maybe we can generate more initial guesses by adding random noise to initial_h_values and other points.

Alternatively, in the code, instead of just perturbing the best_h, generate new initial guesses each time. For example, in each iteration, generate a new random initial guess and optimize from there.

But this would be computationally expensive. However, with the time budget, maybe it's manageable.

Another idea: use a combination of the initial_h_values and random initial guesses. For example, in the first few perturbations, use random initial guesses, then use the best_h from previous optimizations.

In the previous code, the first 20 perturbations are random, then the rest are perturbations of the best_h. Maybe increasing the number of random initial guesses could help.

So, modifying the code to generate more random initial guesses and optimize from them.

Additionally, varying the noise scale during perturbations. For example, in the first few perturbations, use larger noise, then smaller noise.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed noise scale of ±0.2 for the first 20 perturbations. Maybe using a larger noise scale initially to explore the space, then smaller noise for refinement.

Putting all this together, the new code would:

- Start with initial_h_values and some random initial guesses.
- For each perturbation, generate a new initial guess with varying noise scales.
- Optimize each initial guess with SLSQP.
- Track the best solution found.

Now, implementing this in code.

The previous code uses a loop over perturbation_idx, and for each, generates a perturbed h. To generate more initial guesses, perhaps increasing the number of perturbations and varying the noise.

Also, using a different initial guess for each perturbation, not just perturbing the best_h.

So, modifying the code to generate a random initial guess for each perturbation, and then optimize from there.

But this would be computationally expensive. However, with the time budget, maybe it's feasible.

Alternatively, generate a few random initial guesses and optimize from them, in addition to the initial_h_values.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to increase the number of perturbations and vary the noise scale.

So, here's a revised plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as one initial guess.
- Generate additional random initial guesses.
- For each perturbation, generate a new initial guess by adding random noise to the initial_h_values or to a random guess.
- Use varying noise scales for different perturbations.
- Optimize each initial guess with SLSQP.
- Track the best solution found.

This way, we explore more of the search space.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=1000) for each optimization. Maybe reducing this number could allow more perturbations to be tried within the budget.

But this is a trade-off. However, with the time budget, it's worth trying.

In code, this would mean adjusting the maxiter parameter.

Putting all this together, the new code would look something like this:

- Generate multiple initial guesses (initial_h_values + random ones).
- For each, perform optimization with SLSQP.
- Track the best solution.

But how to implement this within the given code structure.

The previous code has a loop over perturbation_idx, and for each, generates a perturbed h. To generate more initial guesses, perhaps increasing the number of perturbations and varying the noise.

So, modifying the code to generate more perturbations and use different noise scales.

Another idea: use a different initial guess for each perturbation. For example, in the first 50 perturbations, generate random initial guesses, then perturb the best_h.

This would increase the diversity of initial guesses.

In code:

for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
    if perturbation_idx < 50:
        # Generate random initial guess
        random_noise = np.random.uniform(-0.2, 0.2, n_points)
        perturbed = initial_guess + random_noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
    else:
        # Perturb best_h with varying noise
        if perturbation_idx < 100:
            noise = np.random.uniform(-0.2, 0.2, n_points)
        else:
            noise = np.random.uniform(-0.05, 0.05, n_points)
        perturbed = best_h + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale

This way, the first 50 perturbations are random initial guesses, then the next 50 are perturbations of the best_h with larger noise, then smaller noise.

This increases the diversity of initial guesses and allows for more exploration.

Additionally, increasing the number of perturbations to, say, 300.

Also, adjusting the optimization parameters, like increasing maxiter or changing the tolerance.

Another thing: the previous code uses ftol=1e-10, which is very tight. Maybe relaxing this to 1e-8 or 1e-7 could allow faster convergence, but this might lead to suboptimal solutions. However, with more perturbations, it might still find a better solution.

In code, changing the options to {'ftol': 1e-8, 'maxiter': 500}.

Putting all this together, the new code would have:

- More perturbations (e.g., 300).
- Varying noise scales for different perturbations.
- More random initial guesses.
- Adjusted optimization parameters.

This should help explore the search space more thoroughly and find a better solution.

Another thing to consider: the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, so including it as one of the initial guesses is important.

So, the final code would look like this, with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    num_perturbations = 300  # Increased for better exploration
    
    for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
        if perturbation_idx < 50:
            # Random initial guess
            random_noise = np.random.uniform(-0.2, 0.2, n_points)
            perturbed = initial_guess + random_noise
            perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
            current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
            scale = target_sum / current_sum
            perturbed = perturbed * scale
        else:
            # Perturb best_h with varying noise
            if perturbation_idx < 100:
                noise = np.random.uniform(-0.2, 0.2, n_points)
            else:
                noise = np.random.uniform(-0.05, 0.05, n_points)
            perturbed = best_h + noise
            perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
            current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
            scale = target_sum / current_sum
            perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-8, 'maxiter': 500}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```