<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code uses SLSQP optimization with some initial guesses and perturbations, but it's not achieving the target. So, I need to think of a better approach.

First, I should analyze the lessons from earlier attempts. The user mentioned that using SLSQP with equality constraints is helpful. The previous code already does that, so maybe that's not the issue. But perhaps the initial guesses are not good enough, or the optimization parameters need tuning.

Wait, the previous code starts with the initial_h_values, which is a 100-sample array. Maybe starting with a better initial guess could help. Also, the code uses multiple initial guesses, but maybe there's a smarter way to generate them. For example, maybe using a more structured initial guess, like a piecewise constant function with certain patterns.

Another thought: the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, perhaps the function h should be designed to have low overlap with its shifted versions. 

In the previous approach, they use SLSQP with a fixed number of points. But maybe using a different optimization method or a different parameterization could help. For example, using a genetic algorithm or a different optimization strategy that can escape local minima. However, given the time budget, maybe that's not feasible. Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization setup, like adjusting the constraints or the objective function.

Wait, the previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation. But maybe there's a way to compute the maximum overlap more efficiently or accurately. Also, the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=100). Maybe increasing n_points could lead to better results, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, the previous code uses n=100, which is manageable.

Another idea: the problem is similar to designing a function that is as "spread out" as possible, so that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much with itself. This is similar to binary sequences with low autocorrelation, like in the case of Barker codes. Maybe using a binary sequence with certain properties could help. However, since h is a step function, maybe a binary sequence (0s and 1s) could be a good starting point. But the initial_h_values might not be binary.

Wait, the constraints require that the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1. So, for a binary step function, the total area would be the number of 1s multiplied by dx. For example, with n_points=100, dx=0.02, so sum(h) should be 50. So a binary function with exactly 50 ones and 50 zeros would satisfy the constraint. Maybe trying such binary functions could lead to better results. However, the previous code uses continuous values between 0 and 1, so maybe allowing for more flexibility is better.

But perhaps the optimal solution is a binary function. However, the current record is 0.38092, which is lower than the previous attempt's 0.380987. Maybe the initial_h_values is already a good starting point, but the optimization needs to be more effective.

Another observation: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=2000) for each optimization run. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help, but that might take more time. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so perhaps the code is already using too much time on each optimization.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. For example, using a gradient-based method like SLSQP is good, but maybe using a different approach like coordinate descent or a more efficient solver. However, the available solvers in scipy.optimize.minimize include SLSQP, which is what's being used.

Another idea: the current code uses multiple initial guesses, but maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, instead of just random and periodic, maybe using a grid search over certain parameters or using a more informed initial guess based on known optimal structures.

Wait, the problem is similar to the "Erdős–Rényi" problem, where the goal is to find a function that minimizes the maximum overlap. Maybe there's existing literature or known constructions that could be adapted here. For example, using a function with a certain periodicity or symmetry.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different parameterization of h. For instance, instead of directly optimizing h, maybe parameterizing it in terms of its Fourier coefficients, since harmonic analysis is part of the problem's context. However, this might complicate the optimization.

Another thought: the current code evaluates the maximum correlation over all shifts k. However, the integral is over x, so for each shift k, the integral is the overlap between h and 1 - h shifted by k. The maximum of these overlaps is what we need to minimize. 

Maybe the key is to ensure that for all shifts k, the overlap is as small as possible. This suggests that the function h should be designed to have minimal correlation with its shifted versions. 

In the previous code, the optimization is done with SLSQP, but maybe adding more constraints or using a different objective function could help. For example, instead of minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a different formulation that encourages lower overlaps across all shifts.

Alternatively, perhaps using a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to minimize the maximum overlap while maintaining the integral constraint. However, this might be complex to implement.

Another idea: the previous code uses perturbations with noise. Maybe instead of adding random noise, using more structured perturbations, like flipping certain points or adjusting them in a way that targets specific shifts.

Wait, the problem is that the previous code might be getting stuck in local minima. So, perhaps using a different initial guess, such as a more optimal starting point, could help. For example, using a known good construction for lower C₅ values.

But since the user mentions that the initial_h_values is provided, perhaps starting from that and improving it is the way to go. However, the previous code's initial guesses include the initial_h_values, a random guess, and a periodic guess. Maybe adding more initial guesses based on different patterns could help.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization strategy, such as using a genetic algorithm to evolve the h function. However, given the time constraints, this might not be feasible. 

Another approach: since the problem involves minimizing the maximum of several integrals, perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the maximum. For example, precomputing all possible shifts and then finding the maximum. However, the current code already does that via np.correlate.

Wait, the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum of these values multiplied by dx gives the C₅. So that's correct.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=100). Maybe increasing the number of points could lead to a better approximation, but the user prefers smaller sequences. However, maybe trying with n_points=200 could be better, but the code would take longer. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so perhaps the code needs to be optimized for speed.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method instead of SLSQP, which might converge faster. However, the constraints require an equality constraint on the sum, so maybe SLSQP is better suited for that.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (50 iterations). Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the perturbation strategy could help. For example, using larger perturbations initially and smaller ones later, or using different types of perturbations.

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to scale the perturbed values. For example, ensuring that the sum remains exactly target_sum after perturbation.

Wait, in the current code, after adding noise, they clip the values and then scale them to meet the sum constraint. That's correct. But maybe the noise magnitude could be adjusted. For example, using smaller noise initially and larger later, or using different noise distributions.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the 1 - h array and reusing it, which the current code does. So that's already optimized.

Hmm. Maybe the main issue is that the previous code isn't exploring the search space thoroughly enough. So, perhaps using a different optimization strategy, like using a global optimization method, but that's not feasible within the time budget. Alternatively, using a better initial guess.

Wait, the initial_h_values might not be the best starting point. The user says that the initial_h_values is provided, but maybe there's a way to generate a better initial guess. For example, using a binary sequence with certain properties, or a more optimal construction based on known results.

Alternatively, perhaps the previous code's optimization is too slow. For example, each optimization run takes a certain amount of time, and with multiple initial guesses and perturbations, it might be using too much of the budget. So, perhaps reducing the number of initial guesses or perturbations, but that could lead to worse results.

Another thought: the current code uses the same objective function for all optimizations. Maybe modifying the objective function to penalize certain shifts more, but that's not straightforward.

Alternatively, maybe using a different approach to model the problem. For example, instead of directly optimizing h, perhaps using a variational approach or a different parameterization. However, this might be complex.

Wait, the problem is similar to finding a function h that minimizes the maximum of the integrals over shifts. This is a minimax problem. In such cases, sometimes using a dual formulation or other mathematical techniques can help, but I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Another idea: since the integral is over [0,2], and the function is periodic in some way, maybe considering the function's behavior over the interval and ensuring that it doesn't have peaks that overlap when shifted. For example, designing h to have regions where it's 1 and regions where it's 0, spaced in a way that shifting doesn't cause overlap.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem? Maybe using a binary function with certain spacing. For example, if h is 1 on intervals of length 1/5, spaced out so that shifting by k=1/5 would not overlap. However, this is just a rough idea.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal C₅ is around 0.38, which is close to 1/2.63. Maybe there's a mathematical relationship here, but I'm not sure.

Another possible improvement: using a different solver. The previous code uses SLSQP, but maybe using a different solver like COBYLA or Nelder-Mead could be better. However, these methods might not handle the equality constraint as well. Alternatively, using a solver that can handle large-scale problems more efficiently.

Wait, the previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization approach, like differential evolution, could find better solutions. However, differential evolution might be slower, but given the time budget, it's worth trying.

But the user's code has a time budget of 100 seconds. Let me think: if I switch to a different optimization method, like differential evolution, which is a global optimizer, perhaps it can find better solutions. However, the constraints are an equality constraint, which might complicate things. But maybe using bounds and constraints in differential evolution.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: starting with a global optimizer to find a good initial guess, then refining with SLSQP. But this would require more code.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=100). Maybe trying with a different n_points, like 200, could lead to better results. However, the user prefers smaller sequences, but maybe for the sake of better accuracy, increasing n_points is worth it. However, the code would need to adjust accordingly.

But the user's initial code uses n_points=100. Let me check the initial_h_values. If initial_h_values is of length 100, then that's the starting point. So maybe trying with n_points=200 could be better, but the code would need to be adjusted.

However, given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to stick with n_points=100 and improve the optimization.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses multiple initial guesses and perturbations, but perhaps the perturbations are not effective. For example, adding noise with a fixed magnitude might not be the best way. Maybe using a more targeted perturbation, such as adjusting certain regions of the function based on where the overlap is highest.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based approach where the gradient of the objective function is computed and used to guide the optimization. However, the current code uses SLSQP, which already uses gradients.

Wait, the current code's objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. However, the maximum is a non-differentiable function, which could cause issues for gradient-based methods. Maybe using a smoothed version of the maximum, or using a different formulation that allows for differentiability.

But how to handle that? For example, instead of taking the maximum, using the maximum value as the objective, but the maximum is not differentiable at the points where multiple shifts have the same value. This could lead to numerical issues. Maybe using a different approach to compute the maximum, such as using a penalty function that encourages all shifts to be low.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be reformulated as minimizing the maximum over k of the integral, which is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of several functions. This is a classic minimax problem, and sometimes can be approached by using a convex relaxation or other techniques. However, I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Another idea: since the integral is over x, and the shift k can be any real number, but in the discretized case, k is limited to the shifts corresponding to the sample points. Wait, no. The discretization is over n_points samples, so when computing the cross-correlation, the shifts k are such that x + k is within the [0,2] interval. However, the actual problem considers all real k, but in the discretized version, the code is approximating it by evaluating at the sample points. This could be a source of error. Maybe using a finer discretization would help, but again, the user prefers smaller sequences.

Hmm. Given all these considerations, perhaps the main issue is the optimization method and the initial guesses. The previous code uses SLSQP with multiple initial guesses and perturbations, but maybe the optimization could be made more efficient.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. The maxiter is set to 2000, which might be too high. Maybe reducing it to 500 or 1000 could save time and allow more iterations in the perturbation phase. Also, the ftol is set to 1e-12, which is very tight. Maybe relaxing it to 1e-8 or 1e-9 could allow faster convergence.

Another thing: the initial guesses include a periodic guess, which might not be optimal. Maybe generating a better initial guess based on known optimal structures. For example, using a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a certain pattern.

Alternatively, using a binary sequence with certain properties. For example, a binary sequence with minimal autocorrelation. However, finding such a sequence for n=100 might be challenging.

Another possible improvement: using a different way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing all the shifts and then finding the maximum. However, the current code already does that with np.correlate.

Wait, the current code computes the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. The cross-correlation at shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. The maximum of these values over all k is what we want to minimize. 

But maybe there's a way to compute this more efficiently. For example, using the Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) to compute the cross-correlation. However, the current code uses numpy's correlate function, which is already efficient.

Another thought: the problem is similar to finding a function h that is as "spread out" as possible. This could be modeled by ensuring that h has a certain level of smoothness or regularity. However, adding such constraints might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal h might have a certain symmetry or periodicity. For example, if h is periodic with period 1, then shifting by 1 would give the same function. However, this might not be optimal.

Given all these considerations, perhaps the main improvements would be:

1. Using a better initial guess, such as a binary sequence with minimal autocorrelation.
2. Adjusting the optimization parameters (like maxiter, ftol) to allow faster convergence.
3. Using a different optimization method that can handle the problem more effectively.
4. Increasing the number of initial guesses or using more diverse initial guesses.
5. Using a different way to perturb the solution during the refinement phase.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different initial guess and adjust the optimization parameters.

For example, instead of using a periodic guess, maybe using a binary sequence with certain properties. Let's think: for n_points=100, dx=0.02, sum(h)=50. A binary sequence with exactly 50 ones and 50 zeros would satisfy the constraint. If we can find such a sequence with low autocorrelation, it might be a good initial guess.

But how to generate such a sequence? One approach is to use a greedy algorithm, placing ones and zeros in a way that minimizes overlap. However, this might be complex to implement.

Alternatively, using a known binary sequence with low autocorrelation. For example, a Barker code, but Barker codes are short and have specific lengths. For n=100, perhaps a different approach is needed.

Alternatively, using a random binary sequence with 50 ones and 50 zeros. However, this might not be as effective as a more structured approach.

Another idea: the initial_h_values provided might already be a good starting point, but the previous code's optimization might not be sufficient. So, perhaps increasing the number of optimization iterations or adjusting the parameters.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. The maxiter is 2000, which is quite high. Maybe reducing it to 500 would save time and allow more iterations in the perturbation phase. Also, the ftol is set to 1e-12, which might be too strict. Relaxing it to 1e-8 could allow faster convergence.

Additionally, the perturbation phase uses 50 iterations, but maybe increasing that number could help. However, the time budget is tight.

Another possible improvement: using a different solver. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with a different set of parameters, or using the 'COBYLA' method which doesn't require gradients. However, COBYLA might not handle the equality constraint as well.

Alternatively, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds, but it requires the objective function to be differentiable. Since the objective function is the maximum of several values, which is not differentiable, this might not work well.

Another idea: instead of minimizing the maximum directly, use a penalty method where the objective is the maximum value plus a penalty for violating the sum constraint. However, the current code already uses an equality constraint, so that's handled.

Given all these considerations, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code by:

- Using a better initial guess, such as a binary sequence.
- Adjusting the optimization parameters to allow faster convergence.
- Increasing the number of perturbations or varying the perturbation strategy.

But since the user's initial code uses the initial_h_values, which might be a good starting point, perhaps the main issue is the optimization parameters. Let me try to adjust the code accordingly.

For example, reducing the maxiter from 2000 to 500, and relaxing the ftol to 1e-8. Also, increasing the number of perturbations or using different perturbation strategies.

Another possible improvement: using a different way to generate initial guesses. For example, generating a binary sequence with 50 ones and 50 zeros, and then using that as an initial guess. However, generating such a sequence might require some method.

But how to generate a binary sequence with minimal autocorrelation? One approach is to use a random binary sequence and then apply some optimization. However, this might not be feasible within the time budget.

Alternatively, using a simple pattern, like alternating 1s and 0s. For example, for n_points=100, alternating 1 and 0 would give 50 ones and 50 zeros. However, this might not be optimal, but it's a starting point.

Let me try to implement this as an initial guess. So, in the initial_guesses, add a binary alternating guess.

But the initial_h_values might already be similar to this. However, it's worth trying.

Another idea: the previous code uses a periodic guess, which might not be optimal. Replacing that with a binary alternating guess could be better.

So, modifying the initial_guesses to include a binary alternating guess. For example:

periodic_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
for i in range(n_points):
    if i % 2 == 0:
        periodic_guess[i] = 1.0
periodic_guess = periodic_guess * (target_sum / np.sum(periodic_guess))

But this would create a binary sequence with 50 ones and 50 zeros, alternating. However, this might not be the best initial guess, but it's worth trying.

Another possible improvement: using a different way to scale the perturbed values. For example, instead of clipping and then scaling, maybe using a different method to ensure the sum constraint.

But the current code already does that correctly.

In summary, the plan is to:

1. Modify the initial guesses to include a binary alternating sequence.
2. Adjust the optimization parameters (reduce maxiter, relax ftol).
3. Increase the number of perturbations or vary the perturbation strategy.
4. Use a different solver if possible.

Now, translating this into code changes.

The previous code's initial_guesses include a periodic guess, which is similar to the binary alternating sequence. However, the periodic guess might not be the best. So, perhaps replacing that with a binary sequence.

Alternatively, generating a binary sequence with random placement of ones and zeros, ensuring the sum is correct.

But generating such a sequence could be done by randomly selecting 50 positions and setting them to 1, others to 0. However, this might not be as effective as a structured approach.

Another idea: using a binary sequence with certain properties, like a de Bruijn sequence or other combinatorial designs. However, this is complex.

Given time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the existing code's parameters and initial guesses.

So, modifying the initial_guesses to include a binary alternating guess, and adjusting the optimization parameters.

Let me also consider that the previous code's initial guesses include a random guess, which might be helpful. So, keeping that.

Now, let's think about the code structure. The previous code has a run function that generates initial guesses, evaluates them, and then does perturbations.

To improve, perhaps:

- Use a binary alternating guess as an initial guess.
- Reduce the maxiter for the optimization runs.
- Relax the ftol.
- Increase the number of perturbations.

So, modifying the code accordingly.

Another possible change: using a different method for the optimization. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds, but since the objective is non-differentiable, this might not work. However, the current code uses SLSQP, which is better for this case.

In conclusion, the main changes would be:

- Adjust the initial guesses to include a binary alternating sequence.
- Adjust optimization parameters (maxiter, ftol).
- Possibly increase the number of perturbations.

Now, implementing these changes in code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_h_values.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Generate multiple initial guesses
    initial_guesses = [initial_h_values]
    # Add a random initial guess
    random_guess = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
    random_guess = random_guess * (target_sum / np.sum(random_guess))
    initial_guesses.append(random_guess)
    # Add a binary alternating initial guess
    binary_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
    binary_guess[::2] = 1.0
    binary_guess = binary_guess * (target_sum / np.sum(binary_guess))
    initial_guesses.append(binary_guess)
    
    # Evaluate each initial guess
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Ensure the guess is valid
        guess = np.clip(guess, 0, 1)
        guess = guess * (target_sum / np.sum(guess))
        # Run optimization
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-8, 'maxiter': 500}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    
    # Additional perturbations to refine the solution
    for _ in range(100):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s:
            break
        # Perturb the best_h with varying noise
        noise = np.random.uniform(-0.03, 0.03, n_points)
        perturbed = best_h + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-8, 'maxiter': 200}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```