<think>
Okay, let's try to figure out how to improve the upper bound for C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is even lower. The previous approach used a combination of initial guesses, SLSQP optimization, and differential evolution. But perhaps there's a better way.

First, I need to understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k is minimized. That overlap integral is calculated by correlating h with 1-h, and then taking the maximum value multiplied by dx. 

The previous code used initial guesses based on pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random samples. Then it performed SLSQP optimization on those guesses, followed by differential evolution and refinement steps. But maybe that's too greedy and gets stuck in local optima. 

What if I consider different initial constructions? The initial_h_values provided might not be the best starting point. Maybe generating a more structured initial guess could help. For example, using a periodic pattern with specific duty cycles or spacing could lead to better coverage.

Another thought: The problem has a symmetry. Since the interval is [0,2], maybe using a construction that's symmetric around 1 could help balance the function. Also, the overlap integral for different shifts k can be modeled as a convolution, so perhaps analyzing the Fourier transform of h could give some insight. But I'm not sure how to directly apply that here.

Alternatively, the problem resembles a covering problem. We need h to be as spread out as possible, so that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much with itself. Maybe using a greedy algorithm to place the steps in positions that maximize the minimum overlap. But how to translate that into an optimization problem?

The current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe adjusting the hyperparameters, like the number of iterations, population size, or mutation rates, could help. Also, using more sophisticated optimization techniques, like Bayesian optimization or simulated annealing, might be better. But those might be harder to implement within the time budget.

Wait, the previous code uses a lot of steps: initial guesses, SLSQP, differential evolution, and refinement. Maybe combining different strategies could work. For instance, using a more efficient initial guess generation and then applying a global optimization method followed by local refinement.

Another angle: The previous code uses a fixed number of points, n_points. Maybe increasing the number of points could help, but the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred (under 1k). Wait, the current code's initial_h_values has 45 points. So maybe trying with a different n_points, perhaps even a smaller one, could yield better results? However, the initial_h_values is provided, so maybe the user expects to start with that.

Alternatively, could we use a gradient-based method with a better way to approximate the gradient? The current objective function is non-smooth due to the max operation, which might make gradients unreliable. Using a differentiable approximation could help, but that's more complex.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral depends on the maximum of the cross-correlation, perhaps we can model it as a max function and try to minimize that. But the max function is non-differentiable, which complicates optimization.

Wait, the differential evolution approach is a global optimizer, but with some parameters that could be tuned. Maybe adjusting the mutation and recombination rates could lead to better exploration of the search space.

Another idea: The previous code uses multiple initial guesses, but maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help escape local minima. For example, varying the frequencies and duty cycles of pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves, or even using random perturbations.

Wait, in the previous code, the initial guesses are generated with gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, and some random ones. Maybe adding more types of initial guesses, like a combination of these or other patterns, could provide better starting points.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient way to generate the initial guesses. For example, using a space-filling curve or some other structured pattern to spread out the function's steps.

But given the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to refine the existing algorithm by adjusting parameters and adding more initial guesses. Also, maybe using a different optimization method. Let's think about how to modify the code.

First, the initial_h_values is provided, which is a 45-point array. The current code uses a few different initial guesses based on waveforms. Maybe generating even more initial guesses by varying parameters, like different frequencies and duty cycles, or adding different types of wave patterns.

Also, the optimization steps: the code uses SLSQP on each guess, then differential evolution with a population size of 100 and maxiter=70. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but that might take more time. However, the code has a budget of 100 seconds, so need to balance between the number of iterations and the time spent.

Another thought: The mutual information or some other measure could be used, but I'm not sure. Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can model it as a constrained optimization problem where we try to minimize the maximum value of the integrals. But how to handle that in practice?

Wait, the current code uses the max of the cross-correlation, which is the same as the maximum of the integrals over different shifts. So the objective function is correctly modeled.

Perhaps the key is to find a better initial guess and combine it with more effective optimization steps. For example, using a different method for the initial guesses, such as a more structured approach.

Let me think: The previous code has a function gen_pulses which creates a pulse wave. Maybe varying the frequency and duty cycle of these pulses could produce better initial guesses. Also, using a higher frequency for the pulses could lead to more steps, which might help in distributing the h(x) more evenly.

Alternatively, perhaps using a combination of pulses and other waveforms. For example, placing the steps in positions that are spaced out to minimize overlap when shifted.

Another angle: Since the integral of h is 1, which is the same as the area under the curve. So, the function h is like a probability density, and we need to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted. A uniform distribution would have high overlap, but because we need to have integral 1, maybe a more spread-out distribution is better.

But how to translate that into a function. Maybe using a histogram-like distribution with multiple peaks spaced out. However, with discrete samples, it's tricky.

Another idea: Use a piecewise constant function with alternating high and low values. For example, alternating between 1 and 0 in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. But how to ensure that the integral is 1.

Alternatively, think of the function as a binary mask with certain positions set to 1 and others to 0, but since it's a step function, maybe we can use a similar approach.

But given the constraints of the problem, and the existing code, perhaps modifying the initial guesses and the optimization parameters could help. Let's think about the code:

The initial guesses are generated with gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, and random. Maybe adding more types of initial guesses, such as square waves, or other patterns, could improve the search.

Also, the code uses differential evolution with a fixed population size. Maybe increasing the population size could help, but again, time is a constraint.

Another thought: For the SLSQP optimization, using a better starting point could lead to better results. Maybe combining the SLSQP with a more efficient local search.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with a more efficient selection method. But the code already uses differential evolution, which is a form of evolutionary algorithm.

Hmm. Another potential issue: The previous code uses 'full' mode for the correlation. Wait, the correlation mode 'full' gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. But the length of the output is 2n - 1. But when we take the maximum, that's the maximum over all possible shifts k. However, in the problem, the integral is over the full interval, so maybe the maximum is over the shifts from -n+1 to n-1. But the code uses the full mode and then takes the max, which should be correct.

Another thing: The dx is 2/n_points, and the integral is multiplied by dx. So the code's calculation of C5 is correct.

So, what can be changed? Maybe adding more initial guesses, adjusting the mutation rates in differential evolution, increasing the number of iterations, or using different optimization methods.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess that's more structured. For example, using a function that is a combination of multiple pulses spaced in such a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

But how to generate such a function? For instance, placing pulses at regular intervals. However, the total integral must be 1. For example, if the function has m pulses of length l, then m*l = 1. But since it's a step function, maybe overlapping pulses would be needed.

Alternatively, using a more even distribution. For example, using a function that is a sine wave or something similar, but bounded between 0 and 1.

Wait, the previous code uses gen_triangle and gen_saw functions. Maybe generating more such functions with different parameters could help. For example, varying the frequency and duty cycle of the sawtooth and triangle waves.

Another idea: Using a combination of different waveforms. For example, combining a pulse wave with a triangle wave. Or generating a function that has multiple peaks spaced out to minimize the maximum overlap.

But generating such functions requires some mathematical construction. Let's think: For the interval [0,2], if we divide it into n equal parts, and set h(x) to 1 in certain positions, then the overlap when shifted would depend on how these positions align.

For example, if we have k steps in the function, then when shifted by some amount, the overlap would be the number of overlapping intervals. So, the problem reduces to placing these intervals such that their overlaps when shifted are minimized.

But since it's a continuous function, maybe the optimal is similar to a packing problem, where the support of h is spread out as much as possible.

Another approach: The problem resembles the covering problem in combinatorics. We need to cover the interval with a measure that minimizes the maximum overlap when shifted. This is similar to the concept of the covering radius in coding theory or discrepancy theory.

In discrepancy theory, the goal is to arrange points such that the imbalance of the measure is minimized. Perhaps techniques from there can be applied here. However, I'm not sure about the exact connection.

Alternatively, using a randomized construction. For example, randomly placing the steps with some distribution that ensures even coverage, then optimizing from there.

But how to implement this in code. The previous code uses randomized guesses, but maybe adding more randomness and then optimizing could help.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code uses a few initial guesses and then runs differential evolution. Maybe adding more initial guesses with different parameters could improve the chances of finding a better solution.

Also, maybe the code spends too much time on some steps. For example, the differential evolution step might be expensive. But given the time budget, perhaps it's necessary.

Another thing: The current code uses SLSQP with a limited number of iterations. Maybe increasing the maxiter for SLSQP could help, but that might take more time.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first run differential evolution to find a good starting point, then use SLSQP with more iterations to refine it.

In the previous code, the differential evolution runs with maxiter=70. Perhaps increasing that to 100? Or using a different population size. Also, the mutation parameter is (0.5, 0.95), which might be a good range.

Another idea: The code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different parameters could lead to a better starting point.

For example, instead of using frequencies from 3 to 10, maybe increasing the range. Also, trying different duty cycles, like 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, but adding more.

Also, the code uses a random guess. Maybe adding more random guesses with different seeds could help, but that's not feasible due to time constraints.

Another thing: The previous code uses the initial_h_values as an initial guess. Maybe using that as a starting point and then perturbing it to explore nearby solutions.

But the problem is that the initial_h_values might be a local minimum, so the code needs to find a way to escape from it.

Alternatively, using multiple starting points from the initial_h_values, such as adding small random perturbations to it.

But all this is part of the current code. So perhaps the main improvements to make are:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses with different patterns, especially more varied waveforms.
2. Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP steps to allow more thorough search.
3. Try different optimization methods, perhaps combining SLSQP with differential evolution.

Let me think about the code again. The initial guesses include:

- gen_pulses with frequencies from 3 to 10 and duty 0.5
- saw and triangle waves with freq 3 and various duties
- some random guesses

Maybe adding more waveforms, like a square wave or using higher frequencies for the pulses.

Also, the code uses a few random guesses. Perhaps generating more random guesses could help, but again, time is a constraint.

Another idea: The previous code uses a combination of different functions. What if we generate a mix of these functions with varying parameters? For example, generating a pulse with different frequencies and adjusting the duty cycle.

Additionally, maybe using a different method for the initial guesses. For example, using a non-uniform distribution of the steps, such as placing them in positions that are equally spaced. However, this is similar to the initial_h_values, which might already be a good guess.

Alternatively, using a function that is a sum of multiple pulses with specific spacing. For example, placing pulses at certain positions that are spread out as much as possible.

But how to construct that algorithmically. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into n sections and placing steps in a pattern that maximizes the minimum distance between them.

But in code, generating such a pattern would require some logic. For example, placing steps at positions that are evenly spaced, but with varying lengths.

Alternatively, using a Fourier-based approach. Since the overlap is related to the autocorrelation, which in Fourier terms is the product of the Fourier transform and its conjugate. But I'm not sure how to apply that directly.

Another idea: Since the function h must integrate to 1, perhaps the optimal function is a combination of several Dirac delta functions spread out as much as possible. However, with a continuous step function, it's not exactly that, but similar in spirit.

But how to translate that into a step function. For example, placing the steps in positions that are as evenly spaced as possible, with each step covering a certain width.

But again, how to construct that. For example, if we have m steps of equal width l, then m*l = 1. So, if we spread the steps out evenly, each step would be placed at intervals of 2/m. This is similar to a uniform distribution. But this might not be optimal because the overlap when shifted might be higher.

Alternatively, placing steps in a staggered manner, such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. This is similar to the concept of a code with certain distance properties.

But again, how to generate that in code. Maybe using a periodic pattern with a certain offset.

Hmm. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to generate more varied initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters. Let's think about what changes can be made:

- Increase the number of initial guesses by adding more waveforms, like square waves, or more frequencies for pulses.
- Use different duty cycles for the existing waveforms.
- Use more random guesses, but not too many to save time.
- Adjust the mutation and recombination parameters in differential evolution.
- Increase the number of iterations for the SLSQP refinement steps.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization library or method. However, the code is already using scipy.optimize, so maybe it's not possible.

Wait, the previous code uses 'mode="full"' in the correlation. But the original problem defines the overlap integral for all k, so the full mode is correct. However, the code may be considering k from - (n-1) to n-1, but the maximum value is taken, which is correct.

Another idea: The current code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points = len(initial_h_values) = 45). Maybe trying with a larger n_points could lead to better results. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. But the initial_h_values is fixed with 45 points. So perhaps the code is already optimized for that.

But if modifying the initial_h_values is not allowed, then the code has to work with 45 points. So the code's n_points is fixed as 45.

So, the plan is to modify the existing code to generate more initial guesses, possibly with more varied waveforms, and adjust the optimization parameters to find a better C₅ bound.

Let me think about the code structure:

The code has a run function that takes seed and budget_s. It initializes h with initial_h_values, then defines the objective function (obj) as the maximum of the correlation multiplied by dx. The constraints are the sum(h) == n_points/2. Then, it defines some guess functions (gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle), creates a list of guesses, and then for each guess, it runs SLSQP optimization. Then, it runs differential evolution with the guesses, and then refines the solution.

So, to improve, perhaps:

- Generate more initial guesses by varying the frequency and duty cycles of the pulse, saw, and triangle waves. For example, add more frequencies for pulses, or more duty cycles.
- Use different types of waveforms, like square waves.
- Add more random guesses, but limit them to avoid excessive computation.
- Adjust the parameters of differential evolution, like the population size, mutation range, recombination rate.
- Increase the number of iterations for the differential evolution.

For example, in the previous code, the guesses are generated with frequencies 3-10, but perhaps adding more frequencies, like 1-15, or even more. Also, the saw and triangle waves have frequency 3, but maybe varying the frequency for those as well.

Another thing: The previous code uses a seed=42, but the initial_h_values might be the same across runs. However, since the code is called with NO arguments, the seed is set to 42 by default. But in practice, when optimizing, using multiple seeds might help, but the code doesn't do that.

So, to generate more initial guesses, perhaps modifying the code's guess generation part. For example:

Instead of frequencies in range(3, 10), use a wider range. Also, for gen_saw and gen_triangle, vary the frequency and duty cycle.

Another thought: The previous code uses gen_pulses(freq, 0.5), which is a 50% duty cycle. Maybe varying the duty cycle for pulses could help find better initial guesses.

So, modifying the guess generation to include more variations:

For example:

for freq in range(2, 15):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.3))
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.7))

Similarly for the saw and triangle waves, varying frequency and duty cycles.

But this would increase the number of initial guesses, which might take more time. However, the code's differential evolution step is already doing a global search, so maybe the extra initial guesses could help find better starting points.

Additionally, the code uses two random guesses. Perhaps adding more random guesses, like 3-5, with different seeds could help. But since the seed is fixed, maybe generating more random guesses with perturbations to the initial_h_values.

But the code already has initial_h_values as the first guess. Maybe adding perturbations to it could help.

In code, after generating the initial guesses, the code loops through each guess and applies SLSQP. Then, after that, it runs differential evolution on the best guess, and then refines.

So, to improve, the code could generate more initial guesses, which are diverse, and then allow the differential evolution to work on them.

Another thing: The current code's differential evolution uses popsize=100 and maxiter=70. Maybe increasing the popsize to 150 and maxiter to 100 could help, but the time budget is 100 seconds. Let's see: the differential evolution step is in a loop that runs for 3 iterations. So if each iteration takes some time, maybe increasing maxiter would take more time.

Alternatively, using a lower popsize and higher maxiter might balance the exploration.

Another approach: Use a hybrid method where after finding a good guess with differential evolution, then refine it with SLSQP with more iterations.

In the previous code, after differential evolution, it runs refinement steps. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps, or allowing more iterations in SLSQP.

So, putting this all together, the code could be modified as follows:

- Increase the diversity of initial guesses by adding more waveforms with different parameters.
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution steps (popsize, maxiter, mutation, recombination).
- Use more random guesses.
- Increase the number of refinement steps.

But how to implement this in code? Let's think.

In the current code, the guess generation section has:

for freq in range(3, 10):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))
guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))

We can modify this to generate more guesses. For example:

Add more frequencies for the pulses and saw/triangle waves.

Also, adding more random guesses.

Another thing: The previous code uses a fixed number of frequencies for pulses. Maybe varying it.

For example, for pulses, try frequencies from 1 to 15, and various duty cycles.

But how to do that in code. Let's think: in the current code, the guesses are created by looping over freq in range(3, 10) and duty in certain values. To generate more guesses, we can expand this range.

For example:

for freq in range(1, 15):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.2))
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.3))
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.4))
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.6))
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.7))
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.8))
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.9))
Wait, but that's too many. Maybe limit to some frequencies and duty cycles.

Alternatively, for pulses, use frequencies from 1 to 10 and duty cycles of 0.2, 0.5, 0.8.

Similarly for saw and triangle waves, varying frequency and duty.

This would increase the number of initial guesses, which may take more time, but perhaps it's worth it.

Also, adding more random guesses, like 3-5, instead of 2.

Another thing: In the previous code, the generate function for pulses uses a sine wave. Maybe changing it to a different waveform, like a square wave, could provide a better initial guess. But how to generate that. Well, the current gen_pulses uses a sine wave, but maybe a square wave would be better, which is a step function.

Wait, the gen_pulses function could be modified to generate a square wave. However, for the purposes of generating initial guesses, perhaps using a square wave with a certain duty cycle would be better. For example, a square wave with a 50% duty cycle would be a step function toggling between high and low.

But the current code's gen_pulses is a pulse wave generated using a sine function. So, perhaps modifying that to generate a square wave would be better for initial guesses. 

Alternatively, using a different generation method for the pulses. For example, generating a square wave with a certain frequency and duty cycle.

But the current code's gen_pulses is:

def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
    x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
    wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
    return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

This creates a sine wave phase-shifted and scaled to fit into [0, 1]. To create a square wave, perhaps using a different approach, such as:

def gen_square(freq, duty):
    x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
    wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
    return np.clip((np.sign(wave) + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

But I'm not sure. Alternatively, use a step function. For example, for a square wave with frequency freq, the signal would be 1 for certain intervals and 0 otherwise. But generating that algorithmically could be done by checking whether the current x is in a certain range.

But for the purposes of the code, perhaps it's easier to generate square waves with certain frequencies and duty cycles. However, this would require a different function.

Alternatively, maybe the current gen_pulses function is sufficient, and varying the parameters further can help.

In any case, modifying the initial guess generation to be more diverse is a potential step.

Another idea: The current code uses differential evolution with a fixed mutation range. Maybe adjusting the mutation range to a wider range could lead to better exploration.

For example, increasing the mutation to (0.5, 1.0) instead of (0.5, 0.95), which allows for more significant changes.

Also, increasing the population size to 150 or so, which might help find better solutions.

Another thing: The previous code uses a fixed number of iterations for the differential evolution. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations, but that would need more time. However, the code has a budget of 100 seconds, so need to balance.

In the current code, the differential evolution runs for 3 iterations, each with maxiter=70. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations to 5 or so, or increasing the maxiter for the differential evolution.

Putting this all together, the modified code would have:

- More initial guesses with varied waveforms and parameters.
- Adjusted differential evolution parameters (popsize, mutation, maxiter).
- More refinement steps with SLSQP.

Now, translating this into code changes.

The code's guess generation section could be modified as follows:

Instead of loops over 3-10 for freq, and 0.2, 0.3, etc., expand the ranges. For example:

for freq in range(1, 12):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.3))
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.7))
for freq in range(1, 6):
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.2))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.8))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.2))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.8))
guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))
guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))
guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))

This increases the number of initial guesses, potentially leading to better starting points.

Also, adjusting the parameters for differential evolution:

In the code, during the differential evolution step:

res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=70, mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)

Maybe changing this to:

popsize=150, maxiter=100, mutation=(0.5, 1.0), recombination=0.85, tol=1e-10

This would allow for more exploration and potentially better solutions.

Additionally, in the refinement steps, increase the number of iterations for SLSQP. For example, in the refinement loop:

for _ in range(5):
    if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
        break
    best_h = refine(best_h)
    if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
        best_c5 = obj(best_h)

Maybe increasing the range to 10, or adjusting the ftol parameter.

Another thing: The previous code uses SLSQP with a 300 iterations and ftol=1e-9. Maybe increasing the ftol to 1e-8 could allow faster convergence, but with a slightly less precise result.

But this is getting quite involved. Now, putting all these changes into the code.

The final code would have the following modifications:

1. Generate more varied initial guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles.
2. Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution step.
3. Increase the number of refinement steps.
4. Use more efficient methods for SLSQP.

Now, translating this into the code.

But since the user wants exactly one code block, I'll have to incorporate these changes into the existing code structure.

Another thing: The initial_h_values is provided, so it's available. So the code starts with that as the first guess, which is good.

Another potential improvement: Using a more efficient way to generate the initial guesses, such as using a different waveform for each guess. But without knowing the exact functions, perhaps the current approach is sufficient.

In conclusion, the key steps are to enhance the initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters, and increase the number of refinement steps to find a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(1, 12):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.7))
    for freq in range(1, 6):
        for duty in [0.2, 0.5, 0.8]:
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
            guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))
    for _ in range(4):
        guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 1.0), recombination=0.85, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```