<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than that, like 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP optimization and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess and exploring various waveforms. My goal is to find a better approach.

First, I should understand the problem again. The function h(x) is a step function over [0, 2] with integral 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. Lower C₅ means better, so I need to find a function h that minimizes this maximum integral.

The previous code tried various guesses like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Then it used SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. But maybe there's a better way to approach this.

What are the limitations of the previous approach? It's possible that the initial guess is not good enough, leading to local minima. Also, the optimization might not be efficient enough. Maybe using different optimization strategies, such as genetic algorithms, or more sophisticated methods like Bayesian optimization. But given the time budget, maybe some modifications to the existing strategy can help.

Another idea: the overlap integral depends on the maximum over shifts. For each shift k, the integral is the overlap between h and 1 - h shifted by k. So, maybe there's a way to model this as a convolution problem. However, since the shift k can be any value, but in the discretized case, the shifts are discrete (since the function is sampled at n_points intervals).

Wait, in the problem, the integral is over x in [0, 2], and the shift k is in real numbers? Or is k integer? The current code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which would compute for all possible shifts. But in the problem, for each k, the integral is considered. However, when the function is discretized, the maximum is taken over the possible k that correspond to the shifts between the samples. Maybe there's a way to model this as a convolution.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a more manageable form. For instance, the maximum over k can be replaced with a more manageable optimization problem.

Another thought: the optimal function h should be such that the overlap is minimized for all possible shifts. This is similar to a binary or threshold function that avoids overlapping too much with itself when shifted. For example, using a function that is 1 in some regions and 0 in others, such that shifting it by certain amounts doesn't create overlap. However, since the integral must be 1, the function can't be too sparse.

Wait, the integral of h over [0, 2] is 1. So the area under the curve is 1, which means the function is like a probability density function over [0, 2], with total mass 1.

So the problem is to find a step function (discrete) that, when shifted, has minimal overlapping regions with its complement. The overlap integral for a given shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. But since h is a step function, perhaps we can model this as a binary function, but since it's step, it's piecewise constant.

But how can I find such a function? The previous code used various waveforms as initial guesses. Maybe trying different initial guesses could help. For example, instead of using pulses and sawtooths, maybe using more complex patterns. However, generating them algorithmically could be challenging.

Another approach is to consider that the maximum overlap integral C₅ is the maximum, over all possible shifts, of the overlap. To minimize this maximum, the function h should be designed such that overlapping with itself when shifted is minimized. This is similar to a form of antithetic variates, where you want to have minimal correlation between the original and shifted data.

Another idea is to use a more structured approach. For example, designing h to be a union of intervals where it's 1, and the rest 0, such that shifting it by certain amounts doesn't lead to overlapping. But since the integral is 1, the total length of the intervals is 1 (since area is 1, and width is 2, so average height is 0.5? Wait, no. The integral over [0,2] is 1, so if the function is 1 over some intervals and 0 elsewhere, the total length of the intervals is 1, because the integral is the sum of areas. So for a step function that is 1 on intervals of total length 1 and 0 elsewhere. But the problem allows for step functions with values between 0 and 1, not just 0 and 1. So perhaps the optimal solution is a function that is not just binary but has multiple levels.

But how to model that? Maybe using a more sophisticated initial guess. The previous approach generated some pulses and sawtooths. Maybe combining different waveforms or using more structured functions.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model this as an optimization problem where we minimize the maximum of certain expressions. But it's challenging, as the maximum is a non-smooth function. However, using optimization techniques that can handle such terms, like using a penalty method or reformulating the problem.

But given the time constraints, maybe the approach is to improve the existing code by making more efficient use of the budget. Let's think about how to make the code faster.

The previous code used SLSQP on initial guesses and then differential evolution. Maybe there are more efficient ways to explore the search space. For example, using a more efficient local optimizer, or parallelizing the search, but since only one CPU is available, that's not possible.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values is provided, but maybe starting with a better initial guess could help. However, the user says to use initial_h_values if available. But if that's not the case, maybe generate a better initial guess.

Another idea: instead of generating random guesses, maybe generate some structured functions. For instance, using a base pattern and varying parameters. For example, a periodic function with certain frequencies and duty cycles.

Alternatively, consider that the optimal function might have certain symmetry properties. For example, being symmetric around the center of the interval [0,2]. Or maybe aperiodic, but with some regular structure.

Another approach is to use a genetic algorithm, which can explore the search space more effectively, especially when combined with local optimization. However, the previous code already used differential evolution, which is a genetic algorithm variant. But maybe tweaking the parameters of the differential evolution could yield better results.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution with a popsize of 100 and maxiter of 100. Maybe increasing the popsize or using more generations could help, but that might take more time. However, the budget is 100 seconds. So perhaps the code is already using a sufficient number of iterations, but maybe the initial guesses are not effective.

Alternatively, use a combination of different initial guesses. For example, including not just pulses and sawtooths, but also other patterns, like a binary function with certain spacing, or a function that is 1 on specific intervals.

Another thought: the current code uses the same number of points as the initial_h_values, but maybe using a different number of points could yield better results. However, the problem states that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred for faster optimization. The previous code uses n_points = 45 (initial_h_values), but maybe trying with more samples could allow for a better approximation. Wait, the problem says smaller sequences (less than 1k samples) are preferred. However, increasing the number of points could lead to a better solution. But since the time budget is tight, maybe the code is already using a reasonable number of points.

Wait, the initial_h_values has 45 points. The code uses that as the starting point. Maybe trying with a larger number of points would allow for a more precise function, but would take more time to optimize. However, since the code has a time budget, perhaps the initial approach is the way to go.

Another angle: the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. However, when the function is discretized, the actual shifts k that matter are those that align with the sample points. However, maybe the code is overcomputing. For example, in the continuous case, the integral is over all real shifts k, but in the discrete case, the integral is over the sampled shifts that are integer multiples of dx (since the function is sampled every dx units). However, the code's approach of using the full cross-correlation might capture the relevant overlaps. But perhaps there's a way to compute only the relevant shifts.

Alternatively, maybe the code is calculating the maximum over all shifts, but the actual maximum is over shifts where the shifted function overlaps with the original. For example, shifting by k where k is such that the shifted function overlaps with the original in the interval [0,2]. But I'm not sure.

Regardless, the main point is to optimize the function h to minimize the maximum overlap integral. So, the previous code tried different approaches. To improve, perhaps we can try different optimization strategies, or more efficient initial guesses.

Another idea: use a better initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values might not be the best. Let's think about what the initial_h_values could be. If it's a known construction from previous work, perhaps there's a way to generate a better initial guess. For example, using a function that is designed to have minimal overlap, such as a certain pattern of intervals that avoid overlapping when shifted.

But since I don't have access to the actual initial_h_values, I can't say for sure. However, given that the previous code starts from it, perhaps trying to find a better initial guess based on certain properties could help.

Alternatively, using a different algorithm. For example, instead of using differential evolution and SLSQP, perhaps use a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach, which might be more efficient in certain regions of the search space.

But implementing PSO might require more code, and with the time constraints, it's important to keep the code as efficient as possible.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could be helpful. For example, using a combination of different patterns, such as binary steps, varying frequencies, or more complex waveforms.

But generating these algorithmically could be done. For instance, creating multiple versions of the same waveform with different parameters.

Alternatively, use gradient-based methods more effectively. For example, using a more powerful optimizer like BFGS, but the problem is that the objective function (the maximum overlap integral) is non-differentiable. However, in the code, the objective function is computed using the maximum of the cross-correlation, which is a non-smooth function. Hence, gradient-based methods may not be suitable unless the maximum is approximated or smoothed.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a constrained optimization method. Perhaps using a more aggressive local search after finding a good initial guess could help.

Another idea: instead of using the same initial guess and then differential evolution, perhaps run multiple local optimizations from different points, and select the best result. However, the previous code already does this with multiple initial guesses.

Another factor to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient, but making sure that the cross-correlation is computed correctly is important. Maybe there's a way to vectorize the computation or optimize it further.

Another approach is to sample more shifts, but that would increase the computational cost.

What if the current code's maximum overlap is dominated by a single shift? Maybe the function can be optimized to minimize that particular shift. However, since the objective is the maximum over all shifts, it's challenging to focus on a single one.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be transformed into a more tractable form. For instance, since the integral is over [0,2], and the function is periodic in some way, but not sure.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, perhaps the optimal solution is to have the overlap integral for all shifts be equal, leading to a minimal maximum. This would be a uniform case, which might be possible to model with certain functions. For example, a function that is designed so that when shifted by any k, the overlap integral is the same. However, this is a strong assumption and may not be feasible, but exploring it could lead to useful insights.

For example, if the function h is such that the overlap integral is the same for all k, then the maximum would be the same as the average. But how to construct such a function?

Alternatively, use symmetry. Suppose the function is symmetric around x = 1. Then shifting by k and k' could have symmetric properties, which might help in balancing the overlaps. However, this is speculative.

Another thought: since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So the complement (1 - h) also has an average of 0.5. The overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since h and 1 - h are both 0.5 on average, the product's integral is roughly (average of h) * (average of (1 - h)) * ... but not sure. However, the maximum of such integrals would be a measure of the correlation between h and its shifted versions.

To minimize this maximum, the function should be as "uncorrelated" as possible with its shifts. This is similar to designing a signal that has minimal autocorrelation, which is a known problem in signal processing. In such cases, the optimal signal is a sequence with minimal autocorrelation, such as a Barker code. However, the problem is more general and may require a different approach.

But perhaps some principles from minimal autocorrelation can be applied. For example, a function that is periodic with certain properties may have minimal autocorrelation. However, this is a different problem; the autocorrelation is the integral of h(x)h(x + k), but here it's the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). But similar optimization principles might apply.

But how to translate this into an algorithm?

Alternatively, consider that the worst-case shift k is when the overlap is maximized. The integral can be rewritten as the sum over the overlap between intervals where h is 1 and 1 - h is 1. Since 1 - h is the complement of h, the overlap between h and 1 - h is the region where h is 1 and 1 - h is 1, which is when h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. So the integral is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0.

Thus, the overlap integral for shift k is the area of the intersection of the regions where h is 1 and the regions where h is 0 when shifted by k. This can be seen as the measure of the overlap between the pulse regions of h and the complement regions of h when shifted by k.

To minimize the maximum of this over all k, the function h should be structured such that for any shift k, there is minimal overlap between its "on" regions and the shifted "off" regions of itself.

This suggests that the function h should be designed to have minimal periodicity, or to have its on and off regions spaced in a way that shifting by certain amounts doesn't create overlaps.

But how to model this?

Perhaps using a function that is a union of intervals spaced in such a way that their shifted versions don't overlap with their own on regions. For example, a function made of intervals with certain width and spacing.

But since the integral is 1, the total length of the intervals is 1 (if the function is 1 on those intervals and 0 elsewhere). But for a step function with varying heights, the integral is 1.

However, designing such a function is non-trivial.

Alternatively, consider that the optimal function is similar to a piecewise constant function with certain levels. But again, it's not clear how to construct this.

Given that the previous code used a combination of waveforms, perhaps trying more diverse initial guesses could be helpful. For example, using different types of functions, like sine waves, triangular waves, or functions with more complex shapes.

But given the time constraints, perhaps modifying the code to use a different initial guess pattern, or more efficient optimization, could lead to better results.

An alternative approach is to use a greedy algorithm. For example, iteratively adjusting the function to reduce the maximum overlap integral. However, this might not be efficient.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of the overlap integrals, which is a non-convex problem, it's likely that the best approach is to use a combination of global and local search methods.

In the previous code, differential evolution is used for global search, followed by SLSQP for local refinement. This is a common strategy. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or using different parameters could help.

For example, perhaps increasing the maxiter in differential evolution to allow for more thorough exploration. However, this may take more time. Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where after a certain number of iterations, the code switches to a local optimizer.

Another thought: the current code uses the same number of points as the initial guess. Maybe trying with a different number of points, like a smaller n_points, might allow for more efficient optimization. But the initial code uses 45 points.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps sticking with 45 points is better, as it's faster to optimize.

 Alternatively, using a different way to generate the initial guess. For example, instead of pulses, generated using sine waves or other functions that might have better overlap properties.

But how to generate them?

Another idea is to use a random initialization but with a better structure. For example, starting with a random function that satisfies the integral constraint, and then applying some constraints to make it more uniform.

But the previous code already uses a random guess.

Perhaps another way to generate the initial guess is to use a random permutation of intervals. For example, dividing the interval [0, 2] into uniform intervals and then randomly assigning values. But this may not be effective.

Alternatively, using a structured approach where the function is designed to be as flat as possible, which might reduce the maximum overlap.

But this is speculative.

Given that the previous code's best result is 0.381142, which is slightly higher than the target of 0.380876, perhaps the key is to explore more diverse initial guesses and use a more efficient optimization strategy.

Maybe the previous code's differential evolution is not exploring enough. For example, using a higher number of generations, but that would take more time. Alternatively, using a combination of different optimization methods.

Another idea: instead of using a global optimization method like differential evolution, maybe use a gradient-based optimizer that approximates the maximum overlap integral by a smooth function. For example, for each shift, the overlap integral is a function that can be smoothed, and then the optimizer can minimize the maximum of these smooth functions.

But the maximum of smooth functions is not necessarily smooth, so this might not work well.

Alternatively, use a penalty method where the objective is to minimize the maximum overlap integral by penalizing large overlaps. But this would still require a way to compute the maximum.

Perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the maximum overlap integral. For example, using a sliding window approach to find the maximum over shifts. But this depends on the nature of the function.

Alternatively, during the optimization, track the maximum overlap integral and focus on reducing it. For example, in the SLSQP optimization, the objective function could be the maximum overlap, and the optimizer would try to reduce it.

The previous code already does this, by using the obj function as the maximum of the cross-correlation.

So, the main improvements could be:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses.
2. Use more efficient optimization parameters.
3. Use better optimization methods.
4. Explore different ways of constructing initial guesses.

Given that the previous code used pulses, sawtooths, and triangle waves, maybe adding other waveforms like square waves, or modifying the existing ones with different parameters could help.

For example, generating square waves with varying duty cycles and frequencies. Or other structured patterns.

Another idea: use a randomized approach with more structured components. For instance, start with a random function that satisfies the integral constraint, and then apply some transformations to it to improve the overlap.

But how to implement this efficiently?

Alternatively, given that the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal function has certain properties that can be exploited. For example, the function is constant in certain intervals, leading to simplified overlap calculations.

But without knowing the exact properties, it's hard to proceed.

Another approach is to consider that the overlap integral can be rewritten as:

Integral_{x} h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx = Integral h(x) dx - Integral h(x) h(x + k) dx - Integral h(x) [h(x + k) - 1] dx ?

Wait, no. Let me think again. The integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx is equal to the integral of h(x) - h(x) h(x + k) dx. Which is equal to Integral h(x) dx minus Integral h(x) h(x + k) dx. But since the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1, the first term is 1. So the overlap integral becomes 1 - Integral h(x) h(x + k) dx.

But wait, if the integral is over x in [0,2], then for some shifts k, the integral of h(x) h(x + k) dx is over the region where x + k is within [0,2]. So the overlap integral is the area of the intersection of the support of h and the shifted support of h. But this seems to be the same as the autocorrelation of h, but again, not sure.

However, this suggests that minimizing the overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the integral of h(x) h(x + k) dx, but that's not necessarily the case. Wait, no. The overlap integral is 1 - Integral h(x) h(x + k) dx. So minimizing the overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing this integral. But the maximum overlap integral is then 1 minus the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx over all k. Wait, no. Because the overlap integral is 1 - Integral h(x)h(x + k) dx. So the maximum overlap integral would be the maximum of (1 - Integral ...), which is equivalent to 1 minus the minimum of the Integral h(x)h(x + k) dx.

Wait, no. Let me think:

C₅ = max_k (Integral h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx) = max_k (Integral h(x) dx - Integral h(x)h(x +k) dx) = max_k (1 - Integral h(x)h(x +k) dx) = 1 - min_k (Integral h(x)h(x +k) dx).

Ah, that's a key insight. So minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the autocorrelation integral over all shifts k. Thus, the problem becomes: find a function h with integral 1 that maximizes the minimum of the autocorrelation of h over shifts k.

This is a different perspective, which might be helpful. So, the optimal h is one that maximizes the minimum autocorrelation.

This could be a useful insight. Now, the problem of maximizing the minimum autocorrelation is a known problem in signal processing, and there are known solutions for certain cases, such as using Barker codes or other optimal sequences. However, this is a continuous case, and the solution might not directly apply, but it's useful for the optimization.

So, if we can find a function h that has a high autocorrelation for all shifts, then it would imply that the overlap integral is low. But wait, the previous reasoning shows that maximizing the minimum autocorrelation minimizes the overlap integral. So the goal is to find h such that the autocorrelation is as high as possible for all shifts k, which would mean that the overlap integral is as low as possible.

But how to use this in the optimization? The previous code's objective function computes the overlap integral as the maximum over all k of the overlap, which is equivalent to 1 - the minimum of the autocorrelations. So to minimize this, the code is trying to maximize the minimum autocorrelation.

But in practice, it's challenging to compute the minimum autocorrelation. However, the previous code uses the maximum overlap integral, which is the same as 1 minus the minimum autocorrelation.

So, if I can find a function h that maximizes the minimum autocorrelation, then that's what I need.

In signal processing, for binary sequences (values in {0, 1}), minimizing the autocorrelation is a well-known problem. For example, the Barker codes have autocorrelation values of 1 at zero shift and 0 for all other shifts. However, these codes are for binary sequences of length n, and the minimum autocorrelation is 0. 

But our problem is not binary; it's a step function, and the function can have values between 0 and 1. However, the goal is to maximize the minimum autocorrelation. So perhaps designing a function that has a high minimum autocorrelation could be beneficial.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem. It seems that the previous approach of minimizing the maximum overlap integral is still valid, but the insight for autocorrelation could lead to better heuristics for generating initial guesses.

For example, using binary functions with high minimum autocorrelation as initial guesses. However, for our problem, the functions are not binary, but can take any values between 0 and 1.

But again, without knowing the exact properties, it's challenging to proceed.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use more diverse initial guesses and optimize more effectively. For example:

1. Generate a larger set of initial guesses with different waveforms and parameters.
2. Use a different optimization method, like using a Bayesian optimization approach with a surrogate model.
3. Use more efficient parameters for the existing optimization strategies.

But how to implement this within the code?

Another idea: instead of using random guesses, use a grid search for certain parameters of the waveforms. For example, for each possible frequency and duty cycle, generate a waveform and use it as an initial guess. This could generate more structured guesses that might lead to better results.

But given that the previous code already includes several guesses, perhaps expanding that set could help.

Alternatively, try different types of waveforms, such as square waves, sine waves with different frequencies, etc.

In the previous code, the guesses include pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding square waves, or other waveforms, could help.

For example, a square wave with a certain duty cycle could be a good initial guess. Similarly, a function that is 1 on specific intervals and 0 otherwise, such as a binary function.

But in the previous code, the pulse function generates a sine wave modulated to 0 and 1. Maybe generating actual binary functions would be better.

However, generating binary functions with a certain pattern could be done. For example, using a binary pattern with certain positions set to 1 and others to 0, such that the integral is 1.

But generating such patterns algorithmically would require careful construction.

Alternatively, the code can use a random binary function with certain constraints. For example, generate a binary sequence where the number of ones is equal to the required integral length, which is 1 (since the integral of h is 1). For a function with values 0 or 1, the total length of intervals where it is 1 is 1 (since the integral is 1, and the width of the interval is 2, so average value is 0.5). So, for a binary function, the number of 1s would be 1 (if it's 1 on [0,1] and 0 on [1,2], for example). But generating such binary functions algorithmically could be done, but ensuring that the integral is 1.

But how to integrate this into the code? Perhaps generating a binary function with random intervals that sum up to length 1.

Alternatively, using a known pattern that is designed to have minimal overlap, such as placing the 1's in non-overlapping regions when shifted.

But without knowing such patterns, it's hard to proceed.

Given that the previous code already uses several waveform-based guesses, perhaps the best way to proceed is to refine the code by:

- Increasing the number of guesses, using more diverse waveforms.
- Adjusting the parameters of the optimization (like increasing the number of iterations or using different methods).
- Refining the local optimization step more thoroughly.

Another possible improvement is to evaluate the maximum overlap integral more efficiently. For example, limiting the range of shifts that are considered, but this might not be possible since the code uses the full cross-correlation.

In conclusion, the code can be improved by generating a more diverse set of initial guesses, using more efficient optimization parameters, and possibly using different optimization methods. However, given the time constraints and the complexity of the problem, the previous code's approach is a solid foundation, and the best way to proceed is to enhance it by generating more diverse initial guesses and optimizing with more iterations.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    def gen_binary(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_binary(3, duty))
    random_guess = np.random.rand(n_points)
    random_guess = (target_sum / np.sum(random_guess)) * random_guess
    guesses.append(random_guess)
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```