<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and I need to see if I can get lower than that. Let me think about the approach.

First, the problem involves minimizing the maximum overlap integral over shifts. The current code uses an initial guess and then applies SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better way. Let me consider the constraints again.

The function h(x) must be a step function with integral 1 over [0,2]. The integral is calculated as the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. To minimize this, the goal is to arrange the steps in h so that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

The previous code tried using various pulse and sawtooth waveforms as initial guesses. Maybe I can consider other structures, like more complex patterns or different regularities. Also, the previous approach used a fixed set of guesses. Perhaps using a different optimization strategy or refining the initial guess more effectively could help.

Hmm, maybe using a different optimization method. Differential evolution is good for global optimization, but perhaps combining it with local refinement could be better. Also, the previous code used a fixed number of points. Let me check the initial_h_values: it's a 45-point array. Maybe trying with fewer points? The user mentioned that smaller sequences (under 1k samples) are preferred for faster optimization. So perhaps trying with fewer points might be more efficient.

Wait, but the current best is with 45 points. Maybe reducing the number of points could lead to a better solution? Or maybe increasing? But with more points, the problem becomes more complex, but the optimization might find better structures.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP, which might get stuck in local minima, use a global optimization method more effectively. But differential evolution is already used. Alternatively, maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach with some surrogate models could be more efficient, but that might be too complex in terms of code.

Alternatively, maybe considering the problem as a combinatorial optimization. For example, arranging the step positions to minimize overlaps. Since it's a step function, maybe we can model this as placing certain intervals where h(x) is 1 or 0, such that the overlap with any shift is minimized.

But how to model that? Let's think: the overlap integral for a shift k is ∫₀² h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since h is piecewise constant, this integral can be broken down into regions where h(x) and h(x + k) are known. The maximum of these over all k is the value to minimize.

But optimizing over all possible shifts and step positions is challenging. Maybe a better approach is to focus on the critical shifts that contribute the most to the maximum. For example, shifts that are multiples of some base value, or shifts that align with the structure of h.

Alternatively, consider the problem as a variational one. The integral can be written as the expected value of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) for a uniform distribution over x. So, for each k, we need to minimize the maximum of these expectations.

Another approach: since h is a step function, maybe model it as a binary vector where each element represents whether the step is active (1) or not (0). Then, the integral becomes the sum over all x where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0, multiplied by dx. But since the function is periodic over [0,2], the shift k can be in the range (0,2), but the integral over x can be handled by considering overlaps between intervals.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? It's not straightforward. Maybe using integer programming? But that's computationally expensive, especially with 45 variables.

Wait, the previous code uses the initial_h_values and applies optimization. Maybe the initial guess is not good enough, so the code could benefit from a better initial construction. The initial_h_values is a 45-point array. Perhaps generating a more optimal initial guess could lead to better results.

Alternatively, maybe using a different pattern for the initial guess. For example, instead of pulses or sawtooth waves, perhaps a more complex waveform like a combinatorial arrangement. Or perhaps using a Fourier approach to model h as a sum of sinusoids, but that might not be straightforward.

Another thought: the current code uses SLSQP for local optimization and differential evolution for global search. Maybe combining more strategic initial guesses with more efficient optimization steps. For example, generating multiple initial guesses based on different patterns and then refining them.

Wait, the user mentioned that current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085. The target is to get lower than 0.380876. So even a small improvement could be valuable. Perhaps using a more efficient optimization algorithm. For example, using a genetic algorithm with better mutation strategies, or using gradient-based methods with more sophisticated convergence criteria.

Alternatively, since the problem is convex? Or not. The function obj is not convex, so it's a non-convex optimization problem. Therefore, getting stuck in local minima is a problem. So, the previous approach of combining differential evolution and SLSQP might be good, but perhaps with better parameter tuning.

Another idea: instead of trying to optimize over all shifts, focus on a subset of critical shifts. For example, the maximum is often achieved at certain shifts, like k=1/3, 1/2, etc. Maybe the function h is designed to minimize these specific shifts, which could lead to an overall lower maximum.

Alternatively, considering the problem as an optimal control problem, where the function h is optimally arranged to minimize the worst-case overlap. But how to model that?

Let me think about the current code's approach. The initial guess is used, and then various other guesses are tried. Then, differential evolution is applied, and then further refinements with SLSQP. Maybe the issue is that the initial guesses are not sufficiently varied. Perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could lead to better convergence.

Another approach is to use a different initial construction. For example, a more evenly distributed set of steps. The initial_h_values is a 45-point array. Maybe generating a random initial guess with the correct sum, and then optimizing that. But the previous code uses the initial_h_values.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided when a parent construction exists. If no parent is available, the code should create a starting vector. But in this case, the user has provided it, so the code can use that.

Alternatively, maybe the code should start with a more optimal initial guess. For example, a construction that alternates between 1s and 0s, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint. For example, a pattern where the steps are spaced in a way that minimizes overlap when shifted by certain amounts.

But how? Maybe using a grid search over possible step positions, but that's computationally expensive.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be approximated by a continuous function. For example, assuming h(x) is a continuous function, then optimizing over such functions. But since the problem requires a step function, this might not be directly applicable.

Another idea: since the integral is the maximum over all shifts, perhaps there's a way to model this as a covering problem. For each shift, the integral is the measure of points where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. So, for each k, this is the intersection between the set where h(x) is 1 and the set where h(x + k) is 0. To minimize the maximum of these intersections over all k.

This seems like a covering problem where we need to arrange the set of 1s in h such that for any shift k, the overlap between the set and its shifted version is minimized.

This is similar to the problem of avoiding overlaps in a cyclic scenario. For example, if h is a periodic function, then shifts correspond to different positions. But since h is over [0,2], the shifts wrap around.

Wait, but the integral is over x from 0 to 2, and h(x + k) is evaluated for x + k in the interval [0,2]. So for a shift k, if k is positive, the integration is over x where x + k is in [0,2], which implies x ∈ [-k, 2 -k]. But since x must be in [0,2], the effective domain for x is [0, 2 -k] if k ≤ 2. For shifts k > 2, the integral would be over x where x is in [0,2] and x +k is also in [0,2], which would only happen for k up to 2. Wait, but the original problem states that the integral is over x from 0 to 2, and then the term h(x +k) is considered. So when k is larger than 2, the h(x +k) would be undefined? Or maybe the integral is over x such that x +k is within [0,2]?

No, the integral is over x in [0,2], and h(x +k) would be evaluated wherever x +k is in [0,2]. So if k is larger than 2, then x +k would be in [k, k+2], which is outside [0,2], so h(x +k) is not defined. Wait, but the original problem defines h as a function on [0,2]. So h(x +k) is only defined for x +k in [0,2], but the integral is over x in [0,2], so for shifts where k is such that x +k is outside [0,2], the h(x +k) would be zero? Or is there a periodic extension?

This is unclear. But in the original code, the use of np.correlate with mode='full' returns the cross-correlation over all possible shifts, which includes those where the shifted function is outside the original domain. However, the integral for k shifts would involve integrating over x where both x and x +k are in [0,2], leading to the overlap as defined.

But for the code, the cross-correlation is computed for all possible shifts, and the maximum is taken. For example, for k in the range from -2 to +2, but the code uses the full mode. So the integral for each shift is over the valid x where x and x +k are between 0 and 2.

This complicates the analysis, but perhaps the code is correct in how it computes the integral.

Back to the problem. The previous approach tried generating a variety of initial guesses, then using optimization. To improve, maybe try different initial guess strategies. For example, generating a more optimal initial guess based on properties of the Erdős problem.

Another thought: the Erdős problem is about the minimal maximum overlap. The current best bound is achieved with certain configurations. Perhaps there are known constructions or patterns that could be adapted.

But without prior knowledge, I need to think of a way to generate better initial guesses.

Perhaps using a more systematic approach for the initial guess. For example, divide the interval [0,2] into blocks where h is 1 for certain lengths. For example, if I can find a set of intervals such that any shift of these intervals would result in minimal overlap, that would be ideal.

Alternatively, arrange the 1s in h such that they are as spread out as possible. For example, placing them at regular intervals, but with some variation to avoid symmetry.

Another approach is to use a heuristic based on the problem's nature. The overlap integral for a shift k is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. To minimize the maximum over all k, the 1s should be placed such that no shift causes two 1s to overlap too much.

This is similar to the problem of scheduling non-overlapping intervals or placing objects to minimize overlaps. For example, if the 1s are placed in such a way that each is spaced at least a certain distance apart, then shifts of that distance would not cause overlap.

But since the function is piecewise constant, the exact placement is crucial. For instance, if the 1s are placed at positions that are spaced such that their shifts don't overlap much.

But how to model this. Perhaps the optimal construction balances between spreading out the 1s and having enough to meet the integral constraint of 1 over [0,2].

The integral of h(x) is 1, which means that the total length of the intervals where h(x)=1 is 1 (since dx=2/n_points). Wait, if the integral is 1, then when the function is in [0,2], the area under h(x) is 1. If h is a step function, then the total length (sum of intervals where h(x)=1) multiplied by dx must equal 1. Wait, no. The integral is ∫₀² h(x) dx = 1. So if the function is a step function with k ones, each of length l_i, then sum(l_i) = 1. But the total length of the interval is 2. So the average density is 0.5.

But with 45 points, the step function is approximately continuous. So the previous code's initial_h_values might have a certain pattern, but maybe optimizing that pattern could yield better results.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum overlap for all shifts. Wait, no, the problem is to minimize the maximum. So, the goal is to find the h that makes the worst-case overlap as small as possible.

Perhaps the optimal solution is periodic in some way. For example, a function that repeats every certain interval. But the domain is [0,2], which is a fixed length.

Maybe using a combination of several segments, like a square wave with certain duty cycle. But the previous code already tried that.

Another thought: the previous code used various functions like pulses, sawtooth, triangles. But perhaps combining these in a more strategic way, or using different parameters, could lead to better results.

Alternatively, instead of using a fixed number of initial guesses, generate them using some pattern like varying frequencies and duty cycles. For example, using a grid of parameters for generating different waveforms.

But the previous code already tried that. Maybe the issue is with the optimization method. For example, using a different optimization algorithm, like a genetic algorithm with elitism and crossover, might explore the search space more effectively.

But given the time constraints, the code needs to run within 100 seconds. Using a genetic algorithm might be too slow for large n_points. However, since the code is allowed to use scipy's optimization functions, perhaps using a more efficient setup for differential evolution or SLSQP.

Alternatively, reducing the number of points could help. Let's say trying with n_points = 60. Maybe with fewer points, the optimization can find a better solution.

Wait, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. So perhaps reducing the number of points from 45 to 30 or 40 could help, as it reduces the computational load.

But the initial_h_values is given with 45 points. Maybe the code should start with that. However, perhaps the code can experiment with different numbers of points. But since the user's previous code used 45, maybe sticking to that is better.

Another idea: instead of just using the initial_h_values as the starting point, generate multiple initial guesses based on different patterns. For example, using a random starting point, but ensuring the sum is correct. Then, applying optimization to each of these, which might lead to better results.

So, modifying the code to generate more diverse initial guesses could help. For instance, instead of a few pre-defined patterns, generate random start points with the correct sum, and then optimize them. However, generating random start points may not be efficient, but since the code has a budget of 100 seconds, maybe it's manageable.

Alternatively, using a combination of existing patterns and random variations. For example, taking the initial_h_values, and then generating a few random perturbations, and then optimizing each of those.

But this requires more code. However, since the previous code already uses some generated functions, maybe adding more variations could help.

Another approach is to use Bayesian optimization to find the best parameters for the optimization. However, implementing that might be complex and time-consuming.

Alternatively, focusing on the specific structure of the problem. For example, the Erdős problem is related to discrepancy theory, where the goal is to arrange points to minimize the maximum discrepancy. Perhaps using techniques from discrepancy minimization could provide insights into constructing h.

For example, in discrepancy theory, one might use a greedy algorithm, but that's more suited for discrete cases. However, the problem here is continuous.

Alternatively, using a randomized approach where h(x) is constructed with certain probabilistic properties that ensure minimal overlap. For example, choosing random positions for the intervals where h(x)=1, ensuring that their distribution minimizes overlaps.

But how to implement that. For instance, generating intervals such that each new interval is placed where it overlaps as little as possible with existing ones.

But this is more of a greedy approach and might not yield the optimal solution, but could be a starting point for optimization.

In the code, perhaps the initial guess should be generated as a random set of intervals. For example, choosing m intervals where the sum of their lengths is 1. But since it's a step function with n_points samples, this might be challenging.

Alternatively, the code can generate an initial guess by randomly placing the 1s and adjusting to meet the integral constraint. For example, start with random values and then scale to meet the sum requirement.

But this might not be as effective as the current approach, which uses structured initial guesses like pulses and sawtooth waves.

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is being maximized, perhaps focusing on minimizing the overlap for specific shift values. For example, the maximum overlap is often achieved for shifts that are between 1/3 and 2/3 of the interval length. So, maybe the code can focus on optimizing for those shifts specifically.

But how to translate that into the optimization objective. It might require reformulating the problem, but it's unclear.

Considering the previous code's structure, perhaps the main way to improve is to enhance the initial guesses and the optimization steps. For example, adding more types of initial guesses, like different combinations of pulses and triangles, and/or using more sophisticated optimization techniques.

Also, in the previous code, the differential evolution is run with a certain popsize and maxiter. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting parameters could lead to better results. However, the user's time is limited, so it's a trade-off.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation function. The current code computes the cross-correlation and multiplies by dx. But the correlation is computed over all possible shifts, and the maximum is taken. To make the optimization more efficient, perhaps the code could prioritize the shifts that contribute the most to the maximum, thus focusing the optimization on those areas.

But modifying the objective function to penalize those shifts more could be complex. Alternatively, during the optimization, we can keep track of the shifts that are causing the maximum value and adjust the parameters accordingly.

But given the time constraints, perhaps it's best to focus on the code structure. The current code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe adding more steps of optimization, such as multiple refinements with SLSQP after differential evolution, could help.

Also, the code uses a fixed set of initial guesses, but perhaps generating more diverse starting points could lead to better results. For instance, trying different waveforms with varying parameters, or combinations of them.

Another idea: use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is derivative-free and might be effective here. But how to integrate that into the current code.

Alternatively, switching the method in optimize.minimize to 'COBYLA' which handles bounds. But the current code uses 'SLSQP'.

Another aspect is the constraints. The sum constraint is enforced as an equality constraint in the optimization. However, in the previous code, during the optimization steps, it might be possible that some methods have more efficient handling of the constraints, leading to better convergence.

Overall, to improve the current code, perhaps the following steps could be taken:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses. The current code uses a few predefined functions. Expanding the set of initial guesses could help in finding better solutions.

2. Optimize the parameters of the differential evolution, such as popsize, mutation, and recombination rates. For example, using a higher popsize could explore the search space more thoroughly, but at the cost of time.

3. Increase the number of refinement steps with SLSQP after the differential evolution to fine-tune the solution.

4. Focus on shifts that are more critical to the problem, such as those that are fractions of the interval length, to prioritize their optimization.

5. Experiment with different initial guesses, perhaps including random perturbations of the initial_h_values.

But given the time and code length constraints, perhaps the most impactful changes are increasing the number of initial guesses and adjusting the optimization parameters.

So, modifying the code to include more initial guesses, like varying frequencies and duty cycles for different waveforms, and then refine them with SLSQP and differential evolution.

Also, perhaps reducing the number of points to 40 or 50 to make the optimization faster and more efficient.

But since the initial_h_values is provided with 45 points, maybe keeping that as the starting point and generating more initial guesses based on it.

Another thing the previous code does is that after generating initial guesses, it runs a differential evolution for a few iterations and then refines with SLSQP. To improve this, perhaps running the differential evolution longer or with more iterations, but carefully monitoring the time.

In the current code, the differential evolution is run for a limited number of iterations. Maybe increasing that could allow better exploration.

Moreover, the code uses a 'refine' step that applies SLSQP multiple times. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps would help.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values as the first guess, then generate multiple versions of it with small perturbations and add them to the guesses list. This could help in exploring the local neighborhood of the initial guess and potentially finding better solutions.

Putting this all together, the revised code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.

- Generate more initial guesses, including randomized variations, and different waveforms.

- Run differential evolution with adjusted parameters (e.g., higher popsize, more iterations).

- Perform multiple refinement steps with SLSQP to fine-tune the solution.

- Monitor the elapsed time to ensure that the code doesn't exceed the budget.

Now, translating this into code changes. The previous code already uses a variety of functions to generate initial guesses. Adding more variations, such as different combinations of pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves with different parameters, could help.

Also, perhaps using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, creating a grid of frequencies and duty cycles and generating initial guesses from that grid.

Another consideration: the code currently uses the same initial guess for the differential evolution. By adding more guesses, the optimization can explore different regions of the search space.

In terms of code, the 'guesses' list in the previous code can be expanded. For example, adding more functions like gen_pulses with different frequencies and duty cycles, or gen_saw with different frequencies and duty cycles.

Moreover, the code could generate a few random initial guesses, ensuring that the sum condition is met. This could be done by taking the initial_h_values and adding random noise, then rescaling to meet the sum.

But the code needs to ensure that the sum of the initial guess is exactly n_points / 2. So, when generating random perturbations, the code must normalize the values.

Alternatively, the code could use the initial_h_values as a base and perturb it in a way that preserves the sum. For example, adding random noise to the values and then scaling them to maintain the sum.

This would create a random initial guess that's close to the initial_h_values, potentially leading to better convergence.

So, the plan is to:

1. Generate a variety of initial guesses, including the initial_h_values, various waveforms, and randomized perturbations.

2. Apply differential evolution and SLSQP optimization to each guess.

3. Perform multiple refine steps with SLSQP to improve the solution.

4. Monitor time to ensure the code completes within the budget.

Implementing this in code requires adding more initial guesses and adjusting the optimization parameters.

Another thing to note: the previous code uses 'ftol' in SLSQP. Maybe adjusting the tolerance could lead to better convergence.

Overall, the revised code would include more diverse initial guesses, more refinement steps, and possibly more iterations of differential evolution.

Now, translating this into code changes. For example, in the 'guesses' list, adding more generated functions, and also adding some random initial guesses.

Also, perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps or the number of differential evolution iterations.

But I need to keep the code within the 300 lines and 12,000 characters limit. So, the code needs to be concise.

Another idea: instead of generating all those waveforms, perhaps using a random initial guess with the correct sum, and then optimizing that. However, the initial_h_values might already be a good starting point, so randomized perturbations might not be necessary.

Alternatively, the previous code's approach of trying various waveforms could be retained but perhaps with more parameters.

In any case, the main changes would involve expanding the initial guess generation and optimizing the optimization steps.

Given the time constraints, the revised code would need to be as efficient as possible. So, perhaps the code can generate more initial guesses by adding more frequencies and duty cycles, and then apply multiple optimization steps.

In summary, the steps for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting guess.

- Generate additional initial guesses via different waveforms.

- Run differential evolution to find a better solution.

- Refine the solution with SLSQP multiple times.

- Return the best solution found.

So, the revised code would look similar to the previous one, but with more initial guesses and possibly adjusted optimization parameters.

Now, considering the code length, I need to ensure that the code remains concise. Therefore, the code should include generating more initial guesses, like adding more frequencies for the pulses, more duty cycles, and perhaps other waveforms.

Another possible improvement: instead of using the same initial guesses each time, vary the parameters.

For example, adding more frequencies (like 1, 2, 3, etc.) for the pulses, and more duty cycles for sawtooth and triangle waves.

So, expanding the code's 'guesses' list to include more functions would be beneficial.

Also, maybe using func for generating random initial guesses.

But given the code length, it's essential to keep the code as compact as possible.

Finally, the code must return the best solution found within the time budget. Therefore, the code should balance between exploring the search space and refining the solution efficiently.

In conclusion, the main changes would involve expanding the initial guess generation and possibly adjusting the optimization parameters to allow for more exploration and refinement.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=80, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```