<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of different functions and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But the current record is 0.38085, and the target is to beat that.

Hmm. The main idea is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h(x) is between 0 and 1.

First, I need to think about how the previous approach works. It starts with an initial guess (initial_h_values) and then uses various pulse, sawtooth, and triangle wave patterns as initial guesses. Then it applies SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. But maybe this approach is getting stuck in local optima. Also, the code may not be efficient enough within the 100-second budget.

What are some other strategies I can try? Maybe using different initializations, like more varied patterns, or different optimization techniques. Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 45) but perhaps using a higher number of points could allow for more precise optimization, but the user mentions that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. Wait, the user says "smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred" so maybe using n_points around 100 is better? Wait, the previous code uses n_points = 45. But the problem wants to find a better bound. Maybe increasing n_points can help, but I have to balance between computation time and the number of points.

Wait, the user's previous code uses n_points = 45, but the initial_h_values is available. So maybe starting with that and then increasing the number of points? Or maybe trying different numbers of points.

Alternatively, perhaps the current method is too slow. The previous code uses SLSQP with multiple guesses, and differential evolution. But with a time budget of 100 seconds, maybe there's a way to speed things up. Maybe using a different optimization algorithm or more efficient initial guesses.

Another thought: the problem is similar to design of functions that minimize the maximum overlap. This might be related to certain optimization problems in signal processing or discrepancy theory. Maybe there's a way to model this as a convex optimization problem, but since the objective is non-convex (the max of integrals), it's tricky.

Wait, the current code uses the max over the cross-correlation. So the overlap integral for each shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The maximum over all k is what we need to minimize. Since the integral is over [0,2], and the function is periodic? Hmm, not sure.

But cross-correlation in the code is calculated as np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum of these values multiplied by dx is the C₅.

So the challenge is to find h that minimizes this maximum. How can we approach this?

Alternative ideas:

1. Use a different initial guess. The previous code uses a few generated functions as initial guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial functions could help avoid local minima. For example, using piecewise constant functions with varying numbers of segments, or patterns that are more complex.

2. Use a better optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Differential evolution is global, but might be slow. Maybe combining with other methods like simulated annealing, or using a more efficient algorithm like Nelder-Mead for local optimization after getting good initial points.

3. Adjust the hyperparameters. For example, in differential evolution, changing the mutation and recombination rates. Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the maxiter for differential evolution or using more iterations.

4. Refine the search space. For example, using the current best solution and doing more local optimization steps with SLSQP.

5. Reduce the problem size. Since the user prefers smaller n_points (like 45, which is the initial value), maybe working with that. But perhaps using more points could allow better optimization. However, the time budget may not allow for that.

Another idea: maybe the optimal function has a specific structure. For example, in the Erdős problem, the optimal function is known to have a certain pattern. Maybe using a piecewise constant function with a specific number of segments. For example, the initial_h_values might have a certain structure that could be modified.

Wait, the initial_h_values is probably a pattern that the user mentioned as the starting point. The previous code starts with that, but perhaps modifying it further could help. For example, splitting the function into more segments, or adjusting the widths of the intervals where h is 1 or 0.

But how to model that? Maybe using a genetic algorithm approach where the function is represented as a set of intervals and their heights. But implementing that in code would be complex.

Another thought: the problem is equivalent to a covering problem. The function h(x) is supposed to be such that when it is shifted, the overlap with 1 - h is minimized. So maybe the optimal h is one that is as "spread out" as possible, avoiding overlaps with itself when shifted.

Wait, the integral ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx can be thought of as the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. So to minimize the maximum over k, we want that, for any shift k, this area is small. So the function h should be designed to have regions where it is 1, but when shifted, these regions don't overlap much with the regions where h is 1.

This resembles the problem of placing intervals on the unit interval to minimize overlap. But since our domain is [0,2], maybe we can think of it as two intervals each of length 1, but arranged to minimize overlap with their shifts.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal h is a periodic function with certain symmetry. For example, a function that is 1 for a certain amount of time, 0 for another, and repeats.

But I'm not sure. Let's think about the current approach. The previous code uses several initial guesses, such as pulses and sawtooth waves, which are all simple periodic functions. Maybe generating more varied initial guesses could lead to better results.

Another idea: instead of using functions like pulses, maybe using a greedy approach. For example, start by placing the 1's in the function in a way that their shifted versions overlap as little as possible. But how to model this as a numerical optimization problem?

Alternatively, I can think of the function h as a set of points where it is 1, and other points where it is 0. But since h is a step function, it's piecewise constant. However, the problem allows for any step function, not just binary ones. So, the function can have intermediate values between 0 and 1, which could help in reducing overlaps.

Wait, but the problem says h is a step function. Wait, no. Wait the problem says h is a step function, but in the discretization, it's represented as samples. Wait, the problem says "Represent h as n_points samples over [0, 2]", so maybe h is piecewise constant, with each segment's value determined by the sample points. However, the previous code uses continuous functions, like sine waves, which when discretized, form a step function.

But the problem allows h to be any function, as long as it's a step function. Wait, no. The problem says "step function h: [0, 2] → [0, 1]" which would imply that h is piecewise constant. But in the code, they're using functions like sine waves, which are continuous, but when discretized into samples, they become step functions. So perhaps the actual approach is to discretize the function into piecewise constants, and the code's initial guesses are continuous functions that are then sampled.

But regardless, the code uses the discretized values.

So perhaps, to improve, we can generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, using functions that are more complex or have different periodicities.

Another idea: instead of using the SLSQP method with constraints, which might be too slow, maybe use a penalty method where the constraint is incorporated into the objective function. But this might not help as much.

Alternatively, considering that the integral ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx can be rewritten as ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. Since ∫ h(x) dx is 1, the problem reduces to minimizing the maximum of ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. Wait, let me check:

The integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx = ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since ∫ h(x) dx = 1, then the integral becomes 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. Therefore, the maximum of this over k is equal to 1 minus the minimum of ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. Therefore, to minimize the max, we need to maximize the min over k of ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. But I'm not sure if that helps directly. However, this transformation might be useful for optimization, but perhaps not.

Alternatively, since the maximum of (1 - ∫ h h(x +k )) is the same as 1 - min(∫ h h(x +k )) over k. So minimizing the maximum of the original integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the product integral. So perhaps reformulating the problem in this way.

But I'm not sure if that helps in terms of optimization. Maybe not directly.

Another possible approach is to use a more sophisticated optimization algorithm. For example, using Bayesian optimization to search the space of h values, which could be more efficient than random or grid search. But implementing Bayesian optimization might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm. The idea would be to generate a population of h functions, evaluate their C₅ values, and evolve them through mutation and crossover. This could potentially explore the search space more effectively and avoid local optima. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time constraints might be challenging, especially since the code needs to be concise.

But given the time budget, perhaps using a more efficient method. Let me think about the previous code again.

The previous code starts with initial_h_values, then generates a set of guesses (pulses, sawtooth, triangle). Then applies SLSQP and differential evolution. However, the differential evolution might not be fast enough, especially with a large number of iterations. Maybe reducing the number of iterations or using a different mutation strategy could help.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, first using differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then using SLSQP with more iterations to refine it.

Another thought: the problem's current C₅ bound is 0.38085, and the user's previous code achieved 0.381142. To beat that, the new approach needs to find a better solution. Maybe modifying the initial_h_values or trying different structuring.

Wait, perhaps the initial_h_values is not optimal. If the user provides initial_h_values, maybe I can start from there and apply more sophisticated optimizations. For example, using more advanced local optimization methods.

Another idea is to use multi-objective optimization. Since the problem is to minimize the maximum over k, perhaps the function can be penalized for each k, but that would be too computationally heavy.

Alternatively, using a coordinate descent approach, optimizing one sample at a time while keeping others fixed, but this might not converge well.

Wait, the key might be to use different initial guesses. The previous code uses pulses, sawtooth, triangle at specific frequencies. Maybe generating more varied initial functions, like using random patterns, or combinations of functions.

But generating more guesses might take more time. However, the code's budget allows up to 100 seconds. Let's think about the code structure. The previous code does several iterations of differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but maybe using different parameters.

Another point: the current code uses a fixed n_points (45 samples). If increasing the n_points allows for more precise optimization, perhaps the C₅ bound can be reduced. However, the user says smaller sequences are preferred. But the problem is to find a better upper bound, so maybe using more points could help. For example, using n_points = 100 or 200. But how does that affect the computation time?

The code's time depends on the number of points. For example, np.correlate with mode 'full' for n points would take O(n^2) time. So for n=45, it's manageable. For larger n, like 100, it's 100^2 = 10,000 operations, which is okay. But if the code uses more points, the evaluation is more expensive. But the previous code's time budget allows for 100 seconds. Let's see: the code runs differential evolution with popsize 80, maxiter 50. For n_points=45, each evaluation is O(45^2) which is manageable.

But increasing n_points could lead to better optimization. However, the user's initial code uses n_points=45, so perhaps using the same n_points and optimizing more effectively is the way to go.

Another approach is to use a different optimization strategy, like gradient descent with a learning rate, but the problem's objective is non-convex and might not have a clear gradient. However, using a numerical gradient approximation with SLSQP might be possible.

Alternatively, using Nelder-Mead algorithm. But I'm not sure.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with the constraints. But maybe using a different solver, such as IPOPT, which might be more efficient. But the user's code uses scipy.optimize, and the allowed solvers are those specified (like COIN-OR solvers). However, the code may need to use the available solvers.

Wait, the user's code includes the ability to use solvers like cvxpy with CBC, CVXOPT, etc. But in the previous code, they use scipy.optimize's SLSQP. Maybe switching to CVXOPT or other solvers could help, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, using a custom gradient-based method. For example, approximating the gradient of the objective function and using gradient descent with momentum. But this would require computing the derivative of the max over the cross-correlation.

But calculating the derivative is non-trivial. For each k, the cross-correlation value is a function of the h values. The maximum over k is what we need to minimize. The derivative of the max function is the derivative at the k that attains the maximum. However, this complicates the optimization.

Another idea: since the maximum is over all k, perhaps it's possible to find the k that gives the maximum for a given h and then optimize that term. However, this is equivalent to the original problem.

Alternatively, during optimization, track the k that gives the maximum and focus on minimizing that specific term. But this might not lead to a global minimum.

Hmm. Maybe the key is to use a more sophisticated optimization algorithm. Let's think about the previous code's approach again. It uses a few different initial guesses, then applies SLSQP and differential evolution. But perhaps the initial guesses are not good enough. For example, using a random guess or a more sophisticated initial guess could help.

Alternatively, using a combination of different periodic functions. For example, instead of using pulses, maybe generating functions with varying frequencies and amplitudes, then optimizing them.

Another idea: if the optimal h has a certain structure, such as being composed of a small number of intervals where h is 1. For example, if the function is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere. Then, the problem becomes finding the best placement and lengths of these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap.

This is similar to the problem of placing intervals on the interval [0,2] such that when shifted, they don't overlap much. This is similar to the concept of a "scheduling" problem, where you want to spread out the intervals as much as possible.

But how to model this? If h is a step function that is 1 on a set of intervals, then the integral of h(x) is 1. So the total length of those intervals would be 1. For example, if h is 1 on two intervals of length 0.5 each, placed apart.

But how to find the optimal arrangement? For example, if we have two intervals of length 0.5, placed at positions that minimize the maximum overlap when shifted.

This might be a good approach. Let's say that we have a function h that is 1 on several intervals, and 0 elsewhere. Then, we can try to find the best positions and lengths of these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap.

But how to implement this? This would be a combinatorial optimization problem, which is challenging. However, since the problem is to find a step function, maybe this approach could be more effective.

But implementing this in code would require generating different interval configurations and optimizing them. For example, using the previous code's structure, but with a different initial guess based on intervals.

Alternatively, since the initial_h_values is given, maybe the previous code's initial guess is already based on such intervals. But perhaps modifying it by splitting or merging intervals could help.

But how to code this? It might be complex. Another approach is to use a genetic algorithm where the genes represent the intervals. But that would be time-consuming to implement.

Alternatively, since the code uses a numerical optimization approach, maybe adjusting the initial guess to have more intervals could help. For example, starting with more intervals and optimizing the positions and widths.

But without knowing the exact structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the user says that the initial_h_values are provided, so maybe they are already a good starting point. The previous code uses this initial guess and then applies optimization.

Another idea: during the optimization process, instead of using the full set of generated guesses, maybe use a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, randomly perturbing the initial_h_values, or using a random pattern as an initial guess.

Alternatively, using a mixture of different patterns. For example, in addition to the generated pulses, sawtooth, triangle, generate some random functions that are more spread out.

But I'm not sure. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use different optimization strategies or generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, adding more types of initial guesses or varying the parameters of the existing ones.

Let me think about the previous code's structure. The code appends several generated functions as guesses. For example, pulses with varying frequencies, and sawtooth and triangle with varying duty cycles. Perhaps adding more such functions could lead to better diversity in the initial guesses.

Also, in the code, after generating the guesses, it applies SLSQP to each guess. Then, it runs differential evolution with multiple iterations. Then, refines the best solution with more SLSQP steps.

Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses would help, but that could take more time. However, the code's budget allows for that.

Another idea: when running differential evolution, instead of using a population size of 80 and maxiter 50, perhaps try different parameters. For example, using a smaller population size but more iterations, or vice versa.

Alternatively, using a different mutation strategy. The current code uses mutation=(0.7, 0.95). Maybe changing these parameters could help.

In addition, the code applies multiple rounds of optimization. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps with SLSQP could help.

Another possible improvement is to use the initial guess and then apply a local optimization with more iterations of SLSQP. For example, after obtaining a good solution from DE, run SLSQP with higher maxiter and tighter tolerances.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The current code computes the cross-correlation, which is O(n^2) time. For larger n, this becomes expensive. However, the previous code uses n=45, so it's manageable.

Another idea: maybe using a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. However, numpy's correlate is already optimized, so probably not helpful.

Alternatively, precompute all possible shifts and evaluate the maximum. But that's already done.

So, to summarize, possible improvements:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses for the optimization. For example, include more types of functions or varying parameters.

2. Tune the hyperparameters of the optimization algorithms, such as mutation rates, population sizes, and number of iterations.

3. Increase the number of refinement steps with SLSQP to better converge to a local minimum.

4. Use different initial guesses, such as random functions or a combination of the existing guesses.

5. Try different numbers of points (n_points) to see if increasing or decreasing yields better results.

But since the previous code uses n_points=45, perhaps keeping it at that size is better for speed.

Another thought: in the code, after running differential evolution, the best solution is refined with SLSQP. Maybe the number of refinement steps can be increased. For example, increasing the loop count from 5 to 10 steps, to get more refinement.

Alternatively, using a different method for refinement, such as using a combination of SLSQP and Nelder-Mead.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed number of guesses, dynamically generate more guesses based on the current best solution.

But without knowing the exact structure of the initial_h_values, it's challenging to say.

Now, considering the time budget, the previous code might have a way to use differential evolution for parallel processing, but the code is limited to a single CPU.

Putting this all together, perhaps the best way to proceed is to modify the previous code by:

- Adding more initial guess functions, such as random patterns or other waveforms.

- Tweaking the parameters of differential evolution, such as increasing the number of iterations or changing the mutation strategy.

- Increasing the number of refinement steps with SLSQP.

- Trying more diverse initial guesses, such as including random functions.

But since the user wants the code to be concise and within the token limit, it's important to keep it as efficient as possible.

Also, considering the current code's structure, the code uses several guesses, then applies differential evolution, then SLSQP refinement. To improve this, perhaps adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution and allowing more iterations.

Another idea: instead of using the same initial guesses every time, generates them in a different way. For example, using random mutations on the initial_h_values, or other functions.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle. Maybe adding more such functions with different parameters. For example, using different frequencies for the pulses or more varied duty cycles.

Also, the current code uses a fixed set of guesses. Perhaps generating more guesses could help the optimization explore more of the search space.

In terms of code, the previous code adds guesses with frequencies from 2 to 10, and duty cycles of 0.2-0.6. Maybe expanding this range or adding more functions.

But the code must be concise, so adding more guesses might increase the code length.

Another possible optimization: using the initial_h_values as part of the guesses, which it already does.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal function has certain symmetries. For example, being symmetric around 1.0. This could be enforced as a constraint in the optimization.

But adding such constraints might complicate the code and not necessarily help.

Alternatively, considering that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, the function has an average value of 0.5. So the function is balanced between 0 and 1. But this is already the case.

Another idea: use a more efficient optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. If the initial guesses are good, this could work well. However, if the initial guesses are not good, it might get stuck in a local minimum.

To mitigate this, using differential evolution for global optimization, followed by local refinement with SLSQP, is a good approach. So the current code's strategy is sound.

Thus, to improve the code, I should focus on:

- Increasing the diversity of initial guesses.

- Tuning the parameters of the optimization steps.

- Performing more refinement steps.

So, modifying the code to generate more varied initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters.

For example, in the code, the guesses are generated with various pulses, sawtooth, and triangle functions. To add more diversity, I can include random guesses based on the initial_h_values or other patterns.

But generating random guesses would require a way to create them. For example, flipping some samples of the initial_h_values or adding noise. However, this could be done easily.

Alternatively, the code can include more types of functions. For example, generating random sawtooth waves with different frequencies and duties, or other custom patterns.

But the code must remain concise, so adding more function generators would take up space. However, for the sake of improvement, it might be worth it.

Another idea: using the initial_h_values as the first guess, then adding multiple variations of it. For example, generating guesses by scaling, shifting, or perturbing the initial_h_values.

In conclusion, the modified code should:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses.

2. Adjust differential evolution parameters for better exploration.

3. Increase the number of refinement steps with SLSQP.

4. Possibly adjust the function generators to include more patterns.

Taking these steps into account, I can now write the code.

The previous code uses a few function generators. To increase diversity, perhaps include more patterns, such as random functions.

For example, adding a function that generates random step functions by randomly setting some samples to 1 or 0, ensuring the sum is 1.

But to do this, the code can generate random guesses. However, since the code must be concise, perhaps adding a new function that creates a random guess.

But the code has a limited token count, so adding a random function generator might be feasible.

Alternatively, using a different approach for initial guesses, such as randomly perturbing the initial_h_values.

In the previous code, the initial guess is the initial_h_values. To increase diversity, perhaps generate several random guesses around this initial.

Another possible change is to use a larger population size for differential evolution, but this might be time-consuming.

In the end, the code will need to be written with these improvements. Let's outline the changes:

- Add more initial guesses, such as random functions.

- Increase the number of refinement steps.

- Tune the hyperparameters for differential evolution (like mutation rates, iterations).

- Possibly change the number of initial guesses.

But since the code must be concise, I'll proceed to implement these changes within the code.

Additionally, the user's previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = len(initial_h_values)), so I'll keep that.

So, the new code will include:

- More diverse initial guesses.

- Adjusted parameters for differential evolution.

- More refinement steps.

Thus, the final code will look something like the previous one, but with these modifications.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    def gen_random():
        h_rand = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
        h_rand = h_rand / np.sum(h_rand) * target_sum
        return h_rand
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=40, maxiter=40,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 0.98), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(6):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```