<think>
Okay, so I need to improve the upper bound for C₅, which is related to the Erdős minimum overlap problem. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is even lower, like 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization methods, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better way to approach this problem.

First, let me understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over all shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is a step function with integral 1 over [0,2], so the sum of h samples multiplied by dx (which is 2/n_points) equals 1. 

The previous approach used various guess functions like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random initializations. Then applied SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. However, maybe there's a better strategy for generating initial guesses or optimizing.

Hmm. Maybe I should consider different starting points. The initial_h_values might not be the best. What if I generate more diverse initial guesses? For example, using different tiling patterns or more complex waveforms. Also, maybe using a different optimization approach could help escape local minima.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP and DE for each guess, perhaps a more efficient optimization method, like using a genetic algorithm or a Bayesian optimization approach? But given the time constraints, maybe sticking with DE and SLSQP but with better parameter tuning?

Wait, the previous code's DE had a popsize of 100, maxiter 50. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but that would take more time. Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method for the refinement steps.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be structured as a convex optimization problem. However, the objective function is non-convex, so that's not straightforward. But maybe some relaxation or approximations?

Alternatively, think about the structure of h. Since h is a step function, maybe there's a way to model it with a fixed number of segments or certain symmetry. For example, using a symmetric pattern, which might help in balancing the overlaps.

Wait, the current code uses a few guessed functions, but perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses. For instance, using different combinations of frequencies and duty cycles for pulses, or more complex patterns. Also, the previous approach used 3-9 frequencies, but maybe trying more or different ones.

Another thought: the overlap integral is maximized over k. So, the problem is about minimizing the maximum of these cross terms. Maybe we can model this as a max-min problem, and use some heuristic to balance the overlaps across different shifts.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based approach with a better initial guess. But gradient methods can get stuck in local minima. So, perhaps combining multiple methods.

Wait, the total time budget is 100 seconds. The previous code used DE for a few iterations, then SLSQP refinement. Maybe I can parallelize some parts, but since only one CPU is available, that's not possible. So, need to optimize the code's efficiency.

Another angle: the previous code uses a fixed number of points, n_points. Maybe trying different n_points, like varying from 45 to a higher number? But the user said smaller sequences are preferred for speed. So maybe stick with n_points around 100? Or even lower, like 50? Wait, the current initial_h_values has 45 points. Maybe using 50 or 60 points could allow for better optimization, but the code's speed depends on that. However, the user prefers smaller n_points, so maybe keeping it around 45 is better.

Alternatively, maybe using a different parameterization of h. For example, instead of a step function, maybe using a more structured form, like a periodic function with certain properties. But since h is a step function, perhaps there's a way to model it with a finite number of intervals.

Wait, the problem requires h to be a step function. So each value is either 0 or 1. But in the code, the initial_h_values are floats, which is a step function in the sense that it's piecewise constant. So perhaps the current approach is correct.

Another idea: the previous code uses a lot of different guess functions. Maybe generating more diverse guesses, such as using different frequency and duty cycles, or even considering more complex patterns like combinations of pulses or modulated waves.

But how to generate those? For example, the gen_pulses function creates a sine wave with a certain frequency and duty cycle, clamped to [0,1]. Similarly for sawtooth and triangle. Maybe adding more variations, like using multiple frequencies or different modulation techniques.

Alternatively, using a random walk approach where each sample is started with some base and adjusted. Or using a more sophisticated initialization method like simulated annealing for the initial guess.

Another thought: in the previous code, after generating guesses, they apply SLSQP optimization. Maybe using a different optimization method for the initial steps, like Nelder-Mead, which doesn't require gradients. However, the current code uses SLSQP.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where DE is used for global search and then SLSQP for local refinement. But the previous code already does that.

Hmm. Maybe the key is to find better initial guesses. For example, using a hexagonal tiling or some other pattern that reduces the maximum overlap. The initial_h_values might be based on a certain pattern, but perhaps there's a better one.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a known construction. Since the user mentioned that the previous code used initial_h_values, which is a global variable. So, if I can find a better initial guess, that would help. Maybe creating a new initial guess that is more optimal.

Alternatively, consider using a greedy algorithm. For example, start with an initial guess where the function is spread out as much as possible, then iteratively adjust it to minimize the maximum overlap.

But how to implement that? Maybe using a gradient-based approach. However, the problem is non-convex, so this could be tricky.

Another approach: since the overlap integral is a convolution, perhaps using Fourier analysis. The maximum of the convolution could be related to certain properties in the frequency domain. However, optimizing in the frequency domain might not be straightforward.

Wait, the overlap integral is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Let's consider that for different shifts k. The maximum of this over k is C5. So the goal is to make all these integrals as small as possible. 

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed. Let me think: since the function h is over [0, 2], and the shift k can be any real number, but the integral is over the overlapping region. However, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which would compute the correlation for all possible shifts. But the actual integral would involve integrating over x where x and x + k are within [0, 2]. This might complicate things, but the code's approach of using correlation with the given function seems to approximate this.

But perhaps the code's approach is correct, and the problem is to optimize h to minimize the maximum correlation.

An idea: since we're trying to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal h is a function that is as "balanced" as possible over all shifts. For example, making sure that for any shift k, the overlap is roughly the same. This is similar to a balancing problem. So perhaps using a function that is spread out in a way that it doesn't have peaks that create high overlaps when shifted.

Another thought: the initial guess used by the previous code might be based on a certain regular structure. For example, a sequence of pulses spaced in a way that their overlaps are minimized. If I can create a different kind of structure, like overlapping pulses with different widths and intervals, maybe that would lead to better results.

But how to generate such a structure algorithmically? For example, using a more complex wave pattern, or a random but structured arrangement.

Another angle: considering the constraints. The integral of h is 1, so the area under h is fixed. To minimize overlaps, h should be as "spread out" as possible. But how to balance that with the constraints?

Perhaps using a more uniform distribution. For example, distributing the ones (or areas where h is 1) in such a way that they are spaced apart, but since it's a step function, maybe arranging them in intervals that are not too close to each other. However, the exact arrangement would depend on the specific construction.

Alternatively, perhaps using a binary step function with certain intervals. For example, if h(x) is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart, but the problem is with the overlaps when shifted. But the step function in the current code is not necessarily binary. Wait, the code's initial_h_values are floats, so each sample is a value between 0 and 1. So the function is a step function with varying levels, not just binary.

Hmm. So, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is high in regions where it's not overlapping much with shifted versions of itself. 

Another idea: since the problem resembles a signal processing problem, maybe using wavelet transforms or other techniques to design h. But this is getting too abstract.

Back to the code. The previous code tried several guess functions. Maybe adding more varied initial guesses. For example, generating more different frequency and duty cycle combinations. Also, perhaps using different shapes like square waves, triangular waves, etc., with varying parameters.

Alternatively, using a combination of different patterns. For instance, using a base square wave with some randomized modifications. 

But how to implement this in code? The previous code has functions for generating pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe expanding those with more parameters, or generating more guesses.

Another approach: using a more intelligent sampling of the space. For example, instead of random guesses, using a grid search over possible parameters for certain waveforms, but this could be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, using the initial guess and then applying a more targeted optimization. For example, after the initial optimization, further refine it by adjusting specific parts of the function where overlaps are highest.

But given the time constraints, maybe the key is to improve the initial guess and the optimization steps. 

In the previous code, after generating initial guesses, they refine them with SLSQP. Maybe using a different optimization method for the refinement steps, like COBYLA or BFGS, which might converge faster or better. 

Also, the previous code's DE has maxiter=50. Maybe increasing that to 100, but with the budget of 100s, this could be feasible.

Another consideration: the evaluation of the objective function (the correlation) could be time-consuming. Perhaps precomputing some values or optimizing the way the correlation is calculated. However, in the code, the current approach is to use numpy.correlate, which is efficient.

Another idea: maybe the current code's definition of the objective function is not optimal. For example, using the full correlation and taking the max, but perhaps there's a smarter way to calculate the maximum overlap. However, the code's approach is correct.

Hmm. I'm not sure. Maybe the previous code is already doing a good job, but the way it samples the initial guesses is limited. Perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, trying more different pulse frequencies, or combining multiple waveforms.

Alternatively, using a different starting point. The initial_h_values might be a suboptimal starting point. If I can create a better initial guess, that would help. For example, a function that is designed to have balanced overlaps. 

Another idea: the Erdős problem is about covering the interval [0, 2] with a function h such that the overlaps are minimized. The optimal solution is known to be related to a certain minimal maximum overlap, but the exact value is what we're trying to find.

Wait, perhaps there's some existing research or constructions that could be adapted here. For example, using a periodic function with certain properties. For instance, if the function is periodic with period 2, then the overlaps might be more balanced.

But how to model this? Maybe by generating functions that repeat every interval, but ensuring that the integral is correctly normalized.

Alternatively, considering the fourier transform. The maximum overlap integral can be related to the maximum value of the convolution, which is the same as the maximum value of the product of the Fourier transforms. But I'm not sure how to leverage this for optimization.

Another thought: the previous code tried several different guess functions, but maybe some of them could be modified to generate better initial guesses. For example, adjusting the duty cycle of the pulses to spread them out more.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach, where each individual is a set of h values, and we evolve them through crossover and mutation to find better solutions. But implementing a GA in Python within the budget might be challenging, but perhaps possible.

But given the time constraints, maybe it's better to stick with DE and SLSQP but with parameter tuning. 

Another possible improvement: the code's current initial guesses include various functions. However, the number of guesses is limited. What if we increase the number of initial guesses by varying parameters more or adding more types of functions? For example, including more pulse frequencies, varying the duty cycle more, or adding other waveforms like square waves or more complex modulated signals.

Additionally, in the previous code, after generating the initial guesses, they apply SLSQP refinement. Perhaps using more aggressive refinement steps, or applying multiple rounds of optimization with different methods.

Another idea: the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', but perhaps there's a way to compute the correlation more efficiently, or to focus on specific shifts that are more likely to be the maximum. However, the code is already using the full correlation, so that's probably correct.

In summary, the main improvements I can think of are:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses to avoid local optima.
2. Adjust the optimization parameters (e.g., more iterations, different methods) to better explore the solution space.
3. Use a more effective combination of initial guess generation and optimization steps.
4. Perhaps try a different initial guess, such as a more balanced pattern.

Let me think about how to implement these changes. For example, expanding the initial guesses by adding more pulse frequencies, duty cycles, or other waveforms. Also, using a more systematic way to generate initial guesses, such as parameter sweeps.

Alternatively, use a combination of pulse and triangle waves with different parameters. Also, include some random guesses but with certain constraints to ensure they are spread out.

Another approach: instead of generating a fixed set of guess functions, use a random but structured initial guess. For example, placing ones (or high values) in positions that are spaced apart, but ensuring the integral is 1.

But how to do that algorithmically? Maybe by randomly selecting positions and then adjusting their values to satisfy the sum constraint.

Alternatively, use a random permutation of the samples, then assign 1s and 0s in a way that balances the integral. But the step function can have varying values, not just binary.

However, given the time constraints, perhaps the main change is to generate more varied initial guesses. Let's try adding more guesses with different parameters and waveforms.

For example, in the previous code, the guesses included:

- Pulses with frequencies 3-8, duty cycle 0.5.
- Sawtooth waves with duty cycles 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5.
- Triangle waves with the same duty cycles.
- Random guesses.

Maybe expanding the pulse frequencies to higher values, say 3-10, and varying duty cycles more. Also, adding more waveforms like square or other shapes. 

But how to generate these in code. The current code has the functions gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle. Maybe adding a gen_square function.

Alternatively, perhaps using a modulated pulse or combining multiple waveforms.

But implementing all that might take time. However, given the code's length constraint, perhaps adding a few more initial guesses with different parameters.

Another idea: For the initial guesses, use a combination of multiple waveforms with different parameters. For example, combining a high-frequency pulse with a low-frequency wave.

Another approach is to use a more sophisticated initial guess based on known optimal structures for similar problems. However, without prior knowledge, this might not be feasible.

So, to modify the code, perhaps increase the number of guess functions by varying more parameters, and use different optimization steps. Also, increasing the number of DE iterations or the population size if possible.

But the budget is tight. So, perhaps the main change is to generate more initial guesses and adjust the optimization steps.

Putting this together, the revised code would generate more initial guesses, and then perform optimization with DE followed by SLSQP refinement, using more iterations and different parameters.

Let me outline the changes:

- Extend the initial guesses with more pulse frequencies and duty cycles.
- Add more waveforms, like square waves.
- Increase the number of random guesses.
- Adjust the DE parameters, perhaps increasing the maxiter or population size.
- Use more refinement steps with SLSQP.

Additionally, perhaps using a better initial guess, such as one that is more balanced.

But since the user mentioned using the initial_h_values if available, we should start from there. However, to avoid getting stuck in a local optimum, perhaps generating additional initial guesses based on different patterns.

Now, translating this into code:

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, and gen_random. To generate more guesses, we can add more functions or vary parameters. For example:

- For gen_pulses, use higher frequencies, like 3-12.
- For gen_saw, use duty cycles from 0.1 to 0.6.
- Add gen_square.

But given the code's length constraints, perhaps simply adding more frequencies and duty cycles.

Alternatively, adding more random guesses. 

So modifying the previous guesses section:

for freq in range(3, 12):  # increased from 3-9 to 3-12
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:  # more duty cycles
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))

Also adding a square wave:

def gen_square(freq, duty):
    x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
    return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

But maybe I should check if this is redundant with the existing waveforms. Alternatively, perhaps it's better to add more varied initial guesses.

But in code, the function definitions need to be added. However, in the previous code, these functions are defined inside the run function. But the user's code has these functions defined inside run.

Another idea: use all the previous guesses and add more random ones. For example, in the previous code, there are 5 random guesses. Maybe increase that number to 10 or more.

Additionally, in the DE step, increase the number of iterations, e.g., maxiter=100, but that may take more time. However, the budget is 100 seconds. The previous code had DE with maxiter=50 and 3 iterations. Maybe increasing to 100 iterations and 5 DE runs?

But time is a constraint. For example, if the DE takes time, and the code has to finish within the budget, perhaps adjusting parameters to balance the time.

Another possible optimization: using a smaller population size in DE to save time, but with more iterations.

In any case, the key is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization steps. So the revised code would have more guesses, more varied parameters, and possibly adjusted optimization parameters.

Now, putting all this into code.

But given that the user wants the code to be as concise as possible, and the code should be under 300 lines and 12,000 characters, I need to find a way to generate more varied initial guesses without making the code too long.

Alternatively, the previous code's guesses are already quite varied, but perhaps adding more parameters to the existing functions.

Another approach: perhaps using a different method for the initial guesses. For instance, instead of generating waveforms, use a more direct approach to spread out the values. For example, creating an initial guess that is a uniform distribution but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

But how? For example, a uniform step function where the values are spread out. But since the function is over [0, 2], maybe dividing the interval into equal parts and assigning 1s in a certain pattern.

However, the initial_h_values may have a specific pattern. So, if the code starts from that, and then perturbations are made through optimization, perhaps that's the way to go.

In any case, the main changes would be to generate more initial guesses and possibly adjust the optimization parameters. 

Thus, the revised code would have more initial guesses, possibly more varied waveforms, and more optimization steps. 

Now, considering the code structure, perhaps the previous code's approach can be adjusted by adding more variability in the guesses, using more parameters, and optimizing more thoroughly.

So, the final code would be a modified version of the previous code, with more initial guesses and adjusted optimization steps.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_square(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 12):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_square(3, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```