<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral, which is given by C₅ = max_k ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The constraints are that h(x) is between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. 

The previous code uses a combination of different initial guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random guesses, then optimizes them using SLSQP and differential evolution. The best result from that was around 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. So I need to find a way to get lower than that.

First, I should think about the problem differently. The current approach uses local optimization methods starting from various initial points. But maybe there's a better way to generate initial configurations. For example, maybe using more structured patterns, like periodic or symmetric functions, or even combinatorial constructions.

Another idea is to consider that the overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts k. So, perhaps the function h should be designed to balance the overlaps across different shifts. Since the integral is over the interval [0, 2], the shifts k could range from, say, -2 to 2, but the convolution over the full mode might cover all shifts. The current approach uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. So for each possible shift k, the integral is approximated by the cross-correlation value, multiplied by dx.

To minimize the maximum of these integrals, the function h needs to be such that for any shift, the product h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) doesn't have a large integral. Intuitively, this suggests that h should be a periodic function that avoids being too similar to itself when shifted. Maybe using a function that has multiple "active" regions that don't align when shifted by certain amounts.

The previous code tried several basic waveforms, but perhaps there's a better approach. For example, maybe a more complicated waveform with multiple peaks and valleys that can be tuned. Alternatively, using a function with a specific periodicity that can minimize the overlap. For instance, if h is designed as a periodic function with period 2/3, then shifting by 2/3 might cause the function to overlap in a way that's controllable. 

Another angle is to consider the problem as an optimization problem. The current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. However, maybe using a different optimization method could lead to better results, especially if the objective function has multiple local minima. For example, using a genetic algorithm or other population-based methods might explore the search space more effectively. However, given the time budget of 100 seconds, it's important to optimize the code to run efficiently.

Also, perhaps the number of samples (n_points) is too low. The initial example uses n_points=45. Maybe increasing n_points could lead to better accuracy, but the problem states that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. But if using more points is feasible within the time budget, it might be worth trying. However, the previous code's best result was with n_points=45, so maybe that's sufficient, but perhaps there's a way to find a better configuration with the same or fewer points.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that is as "spread out" as possible. If the function h is designed to have its active regions (where it's 1) distributed in such a way that shifting it by any k doesn't result in a high overlap. This might be similar to the concept of a "noise" function that decorrelates shifts. 

For instance, if h is composed of multiple parts that are staggered. For example, if the function is divided into intervals that are active in different regions, such that when shifted, the overlap with the original is minimized. Maybe a function that consists of several overlapping "blocks" arranged in a way that their positions are spaced to avoid high overlaps when shifted.

Let me think of how to construct such a function. Suppose h is a piecewise constant function with several segments. If the total integral is 1, then the sum of the areas of the segments must be 1. To minimize the maximum overlap, the segments should be arranged so that any shift k would not align two regions of h(x) and 1-h(x+k) too much.

Alternatively, maybe using a binary function where h(x) is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, such that the intervals are arranged to avoid overlapping when shifted by any k. However, since the integral must be 1, the total length of these intervals should be 1 over [0,2], so the sum of their lengths is 1. 

But how to arrange these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap? For example, if we can divide the interval [0,2] into multiple non-overlapping intervals, but with some overlaps when shifted. However, since the function is periodic? Or maybe using a symmetric structure.

Wait, perhaps using a function that has a specific structure where for any shift k, the integral ∫h(x)(1-h(x+k))dx is small. For example, if the function is designed to be a sequence of "active" and "inactive" regions that are spaced such that shifting by k doesn't align two active regions too much. 

Another approach is to consider that the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts. For example, the shift that aligns a peak of h with a peak of 1-h(x+k). To minimize this, the function h should have a certain regularity, maybe avoiding sharp peaks that could cause overlaps.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that is a combination of multiple periodic functions, which can be tuned to minimize overlaps. For example, combining sine and sawtooth waves with specific frequencies and phases.

But how to encode this into an optimization problem? The previous approach uses a combination of different waveform generators as initial guesses. Maybe I can generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, creating a function that has multiple "spikes" spaced periodically, but with varying heights and widths. Or using a parametric function that can be adjusted.

Another idea is to use a function that is constructed by a set of pulses with specific positions and widths. For example, suppose I have several pulses (segments where h(x) = 1) placed in such a way that the distance between them is set to avoid overlaps when shifted. However, since the function must be over [0,2], the positions of these pulses need to be arranged carefully.

Alternatively, using a function that is the same as the initial guess but with some modifications. The initial guess might have certain regions that are too concentrated, leading to higher overlaps when shifted. So perhaps adjusting those regions would help.

Additionally, perhaps the optimization process can be improved by using more sophisticated algorithms. For example, using Bayesian optimization or other global optimization techniques that can find better minima with fewer evaluations. However, given the time constraints, it's important to keep the code efficient.

Looking back at the previous code, it uses differential evolution and SLSQP. However, maybe combining different optimization techniques could lead to better results. For example, using differential evolution to explore the search space, then fine-tuning with SLSQP. The previous code does something similar, but perhaps adjusting the parameters could help.

Another thing to consider is the hyperparameters of the optimization methods. For example, in the SLSQP method, the options like maxiter and ftol can be adjusted. Similarly, in differential evolution, parameters like population size, mutation range, and recombination rate can affect the performance.

Also, the current code may be stuck in local optima. To avoid this, perhaps generating more diverse initial points is crucial. The current code uses several types of waveforms as initial guesses. Maybe expanding this to include more patterns, or varying the parameters of those patterns, could help.

For example, generating functions with different periodicities, or varying the duty cycle for pulses and sawtooth waves. The previous code includes pulses with frequencies from 3 to 8 and duty cycles of 0.5, but maybe including more frequencies or other patterns.

Alternatively, creating functions that are combinations of multiple waveforms. For example, adding a sine wave to a pulse function, or combining different waveforms to create a more complex shape.

Another idea is to use a binary function with multiple segments where each segment is either active or not. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into several segments and setting h(x) to 1 or 0 in those segments. This would be a step function, which is what the problem is about. However, the challenge is to find the optimal arrangement of these segments.

This seems like a combinatorial optimization problem, where the number of possible configurations is large. But with the constraints on the integral, perhaps there's a way to model this as a problem of selecting intervals whose total length is 1, arranged to minimize the maximum overlap for any shift.

But how to compute this? It's unclear, but perhaps using a heuristic approach. For example, starting with a set of intervals and adjusting their positions and widths to minimize the overlaps.

Alternatively, maybe considering that the optimal function is symmetric. For instance, a symmetric function might have overlapping shifts that are easier to control. However, the Erdős problem's optimal solution might not be symmetric, so that may not be helpful.

Another angle: the maximum of the overlap integrals corresponds to the maximum value of the cross-correlation between h and (1-h). Therefore, minimizing this maximum is equivalent to minimizing the maximum cross-correlation between h and its complement. This is similar to the problem of finding a function with minimal cross-correlation, which is related to code design in communications. Perhaps techniques from that field could be applicable here.

In code design, sequences with low cross-correlation are desired. For example, in spread-spectrum communications, sequences are designed to have low cross-correlation to minimize interference. Maybe similar principles apply here. So, the problem of finding a function h with minimal maximum cross-correlation with its own complement. 

The optimal solution might be a sequence that is a periodic function with a certain property. For example, if the function is designed such that the integral over shifts is minimized. For instance, if h is a periodic function with period T, then shifting by multiples of T would not change the integral. So, perhaps choosing a period that divides 2, or some other value, could be useful.

Let me think about the periodic case. Suppose h is periodic with period p, and the integral over one period is 1/p * sum over the period. But since the integral over [0,2] is 1, the function would need to be periodic with period p that divides 2. For example, period p=2, then the function is constant over [0,2], but that would make the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dy depend on k. But if h(x) is a constant, then this would be constant * (1 - constant), which is fixed, so the maximum would just be that value. However, the integral over [0,2] would need to be 1, so if h(x) is a constant, it must be either 0.5 or something else. Wait, for example, if h(x) is 0.5 for all x, then ∫h(x)dx = 0.5 * 2 = 1, which satisfies the condition. Then the overlap integral for any shift k would be ∫0.5*(1 - 0.5) dx = 0.5*0.5*2 = 0.5, so C₅ would be 0.5, which is worse than the current target. So a constant function is not a good solution. 

So, perhaps a non-constant periodic function with period p. Let's say p=2/3, then the function repeats every 2/3 units. Then shifting by 2/3 would align the function in a certain way. However, designing such a function to minimize overlaps is non-trivial. 

Alternatively, perhaps the function h is constructed using a binary sequence. For example, suppose we have a set of intervals where h=1 and 0 elsewhere. The total length of all intervals where h=1 is 1. Then, for any shift k, the overlap would be the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx, which is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. This is equivalent to the length of the intersection of the intervals where h=1 and the intervals where h=0 shifted by k. 

So the problem reduces to arranging the intervals of h(x) such that the maximum overlap with their shifted versions is minimized. This is similar to the concept of "non-overlapping" intervals, but since the function can have overlaps, it's more about balancing the overlaps for different shifts. 

One approach is to arrange the intervals in such a way that they are spread out as much as possible. For example, if you have multiple intervals, each spaced by a certain distance, so that shifting the function by any k doesn't align two intervals. 

But how to translate this into a function? For instance, if we have two intervals, each of length 0.5, placed at positions 0.25 and 1.25, then shifting by 0.5 would align them. But maybe a more complex arrangement with more intervals can help. 

This seems to be related to the problem of scheduling or placing objects in space to avoid overlaps when shifted. However, without a clear mathematical framework, it's difficult to construct such a function. 

Another idea is to use a random or pseudo-random construction. The previous code uses random guesses, but perhaps using a more informed random approach could help. For example, generating functions with a certain structure, like a binary step function with randomly placed intervals, then optimizing them. 

But the previous code already includes some random guesses, so maybe improving the initial guess generation could help. For example, generating functions that are not just random but have some structure like a fixed number of equal-length intervals spaced apart. 

Wait, maybe the initial_h_values provided is a good starting point. The previous code starts from there and tries to optimize it. However, perhaps the initial construction can be modified. For example, if the initial function has certain patterns that can be adjusted to reduce the maximum overlap. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a different starting function. If the initial_h_values is from a certain construction, like a periodic function, and we can modify it by adding small perturbations, that might lead to better results. 

Another possibility is to consider that the optimal solution might have a certain symmetry or pattern that's not captured by the initial guesses. For example, maybe a function that's composed of multiple overlapping regions with specific distances between them. 

In terms of the code structure, the previous code has a run function that generates several initial guesses, uses differential evolution and SLSQP to optimize them, and then refines the best solution. To improve this, perhaps:

1. Increase the diversity of initial guesses. For example, include more types of waveforms (like square waves, or waveforms with different parametrizations).
2. Adjust the hyperparameters of the optimization methods to allow for better convergence.
3. Use more sophisticated optimization techniques, like Bayesian optimization, which can be more efficient in finding the global minimum.
4. Implement a more efficient way to evaluate the overlaps, perhaps using vectorized operations instead of the current approach with numpy.correlate.
5. Try different numbers of samples (n_points) to see if a certain number allows for a better solution.

However, considering the time budget, it's important to keep the code efficient. For example, using vectorized operations and avoiding unnecessary computations.

Wait, the previous code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which for n_points samples, returns a result of length 2*n_points - 1. The maximum of this gives the maximum overlap. However, perhaps there is a more efficient way to compute this. Alternatively, maybe using a sliding window approach with FFT-based convolution, but that might not be necessary if the current method is already sufficient.

Another thought: the current code uses SLSQP for refinement, which is a gradient-based method. If the cost function is highly non-convex, gradient-based methods might get stuck in local optima. Using a global optimization method like differential evolution could help explore more of the search space, but it's slower. However, the code already uses differential evolution in the initial steps.

An alternative optimization approach is to use a genetic algorithm (GA), which is a population-based method. However, implementing a GA may be more complex and require more tuning. 

Another idea is to use a combination of strategies. For example, first using differential evolution to explore the search space, then using SLSQP for local refinement. This is what the previous code does. The previous code also uses multiple initial guesses, which is good to avoid local optima.

But perhaps there's a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, instead of generating waveforms, generate random step functions with certain properties. For instance, create a function where the h is a series of steps with specific widths and positions, which can be optimized.

Alternatively, use a method that generates a set of intervals for h. For example, suppose we have m intervals (where h is 1) and n_points is sufficiently large. The positions of these intervals can be optimized to minimize the maximum overlap. However, this is a combinatorial optimization problem, and the number of intervals m would need to be chosen appropriately.

But how to implement this in code? For example, for a given number m, generate m intervals with random positions and lengths, and then optimize the positions and lengths to minimize the maximum overlap. However, this might be computationally intensive.

Another approach is to consider that the function h is piecewise constant with a certain number of intervals. For example, if we have a fixed number of intervals, then the optimization becomes a problem of choosing their positions and widths. However, this might be too constrained and could lead to suboptimal solutions.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal function has a certain number of intervals that can be adjusted. For example, the previous initial_h_values has a certain number of intervals, and maybe adjusting the number of intervals could lead to better results. 

In the previous code, the initial guess is a step function with multiple segments. Perhaps the current solution is already in a good region, but there is room for improvement by fine-tuning the positions and widths of the segments.

Another idea is to use a more efficient method to compute the objective function. For example, precompute all possible shifts and compute the integrals more efficiently. However, the current method uses numpy.correlate, which is efficient for this purpose.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to enhance the existing code by:

- Using more diverse initial guesses, including different types of functions.
- Adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods (e.g., increasing the number of iterations, changing the mutation rates in differential evolution).
- Implementing additional refinement steps to further improve the solution.

For example, in the previous code, the differential evolution runs for 50 iterations with a population size of 100. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or population size could help find better solutions. However, this would use more time, so the code would need to check the time budget.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess construction. For instance, instead of using pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves, generate functions that are more tailored to the problem.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points=45). If using a different n_points could lead to a better solution, perhaps varying n_points could be beneficial. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. So if the initial_h_values is already at n_points=45, maybe sticking with that is better.

In terms of code changes, perhaps:

- Changing the initial guess generation to include more types of functions.
- Tuning the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.
- Adding more refinement steps.

For example, in the previous code, the initial guesses include some random functions. Perhaps generating more random functions with different distributions. Also, maybe adding functions that are inspired by specific constructions or heuristics.

Another idea is to use a function that's the same as the initial guess but with some modifications, such as varying the positions of the intervals or adjusting the heights. However, this might not be straightforward to implement.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, which is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of several functions. Perhaps using a multi-objective optimization approach, but that might complicate the code.

In conclusion, to improve the result, I can try the following steps in the code:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, possibly including different waveforms and structured patterns.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods to allow for more thorough exploration.
3. Ensure that the code efficiently uses the available time, perhaps by limiting the number of iterations or population sizes in certain optimization steps.
4. Implement additional refinement steps with different optimization methods.

Let me think of how to implement these in code.

First, generating more initial guesses. The previous code uses pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random functions. Maybe adding Gaussian-like functions or other waveforms. Alternatively, using more complex patterns like square waves with multiple harmonics.

Alternatively, generating initial guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles. For example, the current code uses freq from 3 to 8 for pulses. Perhaps expanding this range or adding more types of functions.

Second, adjusting optimization parameters. For example, in the SLSQP method, increasing the maxiter parameter might help find better minima. Similarly, for differential evolution, increasing the mutation range or recombination rate.

Third, ensuring that the code efficiently uses the time. The previous code has a time check that stops the differential evolution steps after 20 seconds. Perhaps reducing the number of iterations there, but more importantly, ensuring that the most promising guesses are optimized adequately.

Another idea is to use a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. The current code uses numpy.correlate, which may be efficient enough. However, if there are ways to vectorize this or compute it faster, that could help.

In terms of code structure, the previous code uses several functions to generate different types of initial guesses. I can enhance this by adding more functions or modifying the existing ones.

Also, considering that the current code's initial guess is based on the initial_h_values, which is provided, I should not redefine it. However, I can generate other initial guesses that are variations of this.

Another thought: since the objective is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps there's a way to regularize the optimization to encourage certain properties, like balance in the function's values.

In terms of code changes, I can:

- Generate more initial guesses by combining different waveform types (e.g., adding a pulse and a sine wave).
- Use different initial guesses for different parts of the function (e.g., varying the frequency and duty cycle).
- Increase the number of random initial guesses to explore the search space more thoroughly.

For example, instead of generating only a few random guesses, generate more of them with different parameters.

Another thing: the previous code uses the initial_h_values directly. If that function is not optimal, perhaps generating a different initial guess with a more diverse structure could help. However, since the initial_h_values is provided, I should use it as a starting point.

In summary, the code improvements would focus on:

- Generating a wider variety of initial guesses.
- Optimizing the parameters of the optimization methods.
- Ensuring the code efficiently uses the available time.

Now, translating these ideas into code:

The code will:

1. Define a set of generators for various initial guesses, including more types and parameters.
2. Use differential evolution and SLSQP with adjusted parameters.
3. Add more refinement steps with different optimizations.
4. Track time and stop early if needed.

For the initial guesses, perhaps adding more types like Gaussian waves or other periodic functions. Also, varying the parameters more.

Let me try to outline the code modifications.

The previous code has a gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, and gen_random functions. I can add more functions, like a Gaussian function or a square wave.

But generating a Gaussian function with step function is more complex. Alternatively, creating a function that has multiple pulses with different parameters.

Alternatively, for generating initial guesses, use a combination of multiple basic functions.

But for the purpose of time and code conciseness, perhaps expanding the initial guesses to include more variations of pulse and sawtooth functions.

Another idea: use a function that is a combination of sine waves with certain frequencies, which could lead to a more complex shape, possibly reducing overlaps.

However, considering that the code must be compact and efficient, perhaps it's better to stick to the existing waveform generators but adjust their parameters.

In the previous code, the gen_pulses function uses a sine wave clipped into a pulse. Perhaps varying the frequency and duty cycle could generate more diverse initial guesses.

In the current code, the pulses are generated with frequencies from 3 to 8, but maybe adding more frequencies or varying the duty cycle further.

Additionally, generating genetic-like variations of the initial guesses could help. For example, slightly perturbing the initial guesses and optimizing them.

Another possible improvement is to use a different initial guess generation for the random functions. For example, instead of uniform random noise, generate a random step function with a fixed number of intervals.

However, this would require more code complexity.

Given the time constraints, I'll proceed to adjust the existing code by:

- Adding more initial guess types.
- Adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods.
- Increasing the number of refinement steps.

For example, in the initial guesses, the code currently has guesses with frequencies 3-8, duty cycles 0.2-0.5 for sawtooth and triangle. I can expand this to different frequencies and duty cycles, or add new waveform types.

Another point: the current code uses a fixed n_points=45. If the initial_h_values is for 45 samples, then the code should use that. But the user might have provided a different initial_h_values. However, the code is supposed to reference initial_h_values directly.

In conclusion, the plan is to enhance the existing code by generating more diverse initial guesses and tuning the optimization parameters to find a better minimal C₅ value.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    def gen_mixed(freq1, freq2, duty1, duty2):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        w1 = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq1 * x)
        w2 = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq2 * x)
        return np.clip((w1 + 1) * duty1 / 2 + (w2 + 1) * duty2 / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_few_pulses(num_pulses):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        idxs = np.random.choice(n_points, num_pulses, replace=False)
        heights = np.random.uniform(0.3, 0.7, num_pulses)
        return np.zeros(n_points)
        # Create a step function with random pulses
        # for i in idxs:
        #     h[i] = heights[i]
        # return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())
    for _ in range(3):
        guesses.append(gen_mixed(3, 5, 0.5, 0.5))

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=120, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```