<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. So the goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and our target is 0.380876, which is just slightly lower. The task is to create a Python function that optimizes a step function h(x) over [0, 2] to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is essentially the maximum correlation between h and 1-h shifted by different k values.

The previous code tried using a combination of different starting points and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. It starts from the initial_h_values and generates various guesses, then refines them. But maybe there's room for improvement. Let me think about how to approach this differently.

First, maybe I should consider the structure of the problem. The overlap integral is the maximum value of the convolution of h and 1-h. Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, it's similar to a min-max optimization. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, so the average value is 0.5.

The previous method uses a lot of different initial guesses, which might lead to getting stuck in local minima. Maybe a better approach is to use a more efficient optimization strategy. Alternatively, maybe we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we try to minimize the maximum value of the overlap integral, which is a non-convex problem. However, solving such a problem directly could be computationally expensive.

Another thought: the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a different optimization algorithm or tuning the parameters could help. For example, using a genetic algorithm or a more advanced local search method. But considering the time budget, it's important to have efficient methods.

Alternatively, could we find a way to structure the function h to avoid overlapping too much? For example, using a pattern that has certain periodicity or symmetry. The initial setup uses n=45 points, but maybe using a higher number of points might allow for a better solution. However, the problem mentions that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred for speed. So perhaps sticking to around 100-200 points is better.

Wait, the previous code uses n_points = 45. Let me check the initial_h_values. But the user says that initial_h_values is available when a parent construction exists. So perhaps I can start from that initial setup. But maybe trying different starting points could help avoid local minima.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP for local refinement, maybe use a more global optimization method first, then refine. Or maybe combining multiple optimization techniques. Also, the previous code uses differential evolution with a population size of 100 and 50 iterations. Maybe reducing the population size and increasing the number of iterations could be better, but given the time constraints, it's a balance.

Another angle: the overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since the domain is [0, 2], shifting by k would mean that for some k, the shifted function might not fit entirely within the domain, but the correlation is computed over the full range. So the maximum occurs for certain k values. The problem is to arrange h such that when shifted by k, the overlap (i.e., the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k))dx) is minimized for all k.

Maybe the optimal h function has a structure where the overlap with shifted versions is minimized. For example, if h is a periodic function with certain period, but given the interval [0,2], perhaps a function that is piecewise constant with high values in regions spaced apart.

Alternatively, maybe using a ternary or higher-ary structure. The previous code uses pulses and triangular waves. Maybe trying more complex waveforms, like combinations of different frequencies or duty cycles.

But how to translate this into code? The previous code tried generating various pulse and triangular waveforms as initial guesses. Perhaps adding more initial guesses, like different waveforms with varying parameters, could help. Also, the random initial guesses might help escape local optima.

Another consideration: the current best is around 0.38085. Let me think: the overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts, so perhaps the current best is achieved with a function that has certain optimal spacing. For example, a function that is high in certain intervals and low in others, arranged to avoid overlap when shifted.

But how to model this? Maybe using a more structured approach, like a candidate function that has multiple peaks separated by certain distances, which would help minimize the overlap when shifted. For example, a function with three high regions spread out, but such that shifting them doesn't create overlap.

Alternatively, the problem is similar to the problem of designing a detector with minimal autocorrelation, which is similar to the problem of finding a sequence with low cross-correlation. In that context, using sequences like Barker codes or other low autocorrelation sequences might be useful. However, the problem here is not exactly the same, but there might be some similar techniques.

Wait, the problem here is to minimize the maximum overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k. So, the function h is being compared with 1-h shifted by different k. So, for each shift k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k))dx is being maximized. Therefore, we need to find h such that this maximum is as small as possible.

An alternative approach is to note that the overlap integral can be rewritten. Let me think: the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. If we perform a substitution y = x + k, then x = y -k, and the integral becomes the integral over y of h(y -k) * (1 - h(y)) dy. So, the integral is the same as the integral over y of (1 - h(y)) * h(y -k) dy. So this is the same as the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. Therefore, the maximum of this cross-correlation over all shifts k.

Therefore, minimizing the maximum cross-correlation between h and 1-h over all shifts. This seems similar to the problem of finding a function that has minimal maximum cross-correlation with itself, but here it's with 1-h.

But how to approach this numerically? The previous code uses optimization techniques. Let me think about possible improvements.

The previous code uses the initial_h_values and then generates various guesses. Maybe trying different initializations, such as more diverse waveforms, could help. For example, instead of pulses and triangles, maybe using other shapes like Gaussian-like functions, but since h is a step function, perhaps that's not possible. Wait, the problem states that h is a step function, but in the code, it's represented as samples, so it's a piecewise constant function. So, the function h is made up of step functions, which can be optimized by adjusting the positions and heights of the steps.

Another thought: the problem requires the sum of h to be equal to n_points/2. So, each step has a value between 0 and 1, and the sum over all steps equals n_points/2. So, for example, with 45 samples, the sum must be 45/2 = 22.5. The previous code starts from the initial_h_values which likely satisfies this.

But maybe there's a better way to structure the initial guess. For example, using a more evenly spaced pattern of high and low values.

Another idea: using a greedy approach. Start with an initial guess, and iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, for each step, determine which shifts have the highest overlap, and then adjust the function to reduce that overlap. However, this might be computationally intensive and may not lead to a global optimum.

Alternatively, since the problem is non-convex, perhaps using a combination of global optimization methods and local refinement. For example, using differential evolution to explore the space, then refining with SLSQP for better accuracy.

But the previous code already does something similar. Let me think about the possible issues with the previous code. For example, the initial guesses include various waveforms, but maybe the most promising ones are not being explored enough. Also, the number of iterations in differential evolution might be too low.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a larger population size and more generations, but given the time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Another angle: the problem's target is to get a C5 bound lower than 0.38085. So, even a slight improvement would be a success. Let me think what kind of structure could lead to a better overlap.

Suppose the function h is composed of multiple segments with alternating high and low values. For example, a pattern that repeats every certain distance. If the function has high values in regions that are spaced such that shifting them by certain amounts doesn't cause overlap, then the overlap integral could be minimized.

For example, if h is high in two separate intervals of length L, separated by distance d, then shifting by d would cause them to overlap partially. However, if the intervals are spaced so that their union is spread out, then the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by certain amounts could be minimized.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem? Maybe trying to create a function with a certain number of high segments, each of a certain length, spaced apart.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that is high in three regions, each spaced to avoid overlap when shifted. For instance, if the function has three peaks separated by intervals of a certain length, then shifting by the distance between the peaks would result in the peaks overlapping with the low regions. However, this requires careful calculation.

But how to generate such a pattern programmatically? Maybe by creating a function that is piecewise constant with high values in certain intervals and low otherwise. For example, using a triangular wave with varying duty cycles.

Another idea: the overlap integral is maximized when there is a lot of overlap between h and 1-h. Therefore, to minimize the maximum overlap, the function should be designed such that for any shift k, the regions where h is high and where 1-h is high do not overlap much. So, the function should be such that when shifted, the regions of high h values do not coincide with the regions where h is low (since 1-h is high there).

Therefore, h should be arranged in such a way that the high regions are spaced apart, and the low regions are also spaced apart. This suggests a pattern with high and low regions alternating, similar to a checkerboard pattern. However, since the domain is 2 units long, and the function is over [0,2], the spacing between high and low regions would be important.

For example, if the function has high values in intervals of length L, separated by intervals of length d, then the total length would be (L + d) repeated, but adjusted to fit over the 2-unit interval. The optimal L and d would need to be chosen to minimize the overlap when shifted.

But again, how to translate this into an optimization problem?

Alternatively, using a construction similar to the one used in the previous code, but with more structured initial guesses. For example, generating initial guesses that are based on a Fourier series or other periodic functions, with parameters adjusted to minimize the overlap.

Another thought: the problem's current best is achieved with a function that uses a certain number of steps. Maybe trying to use a function with a different number of steps than the initial one. For example, using a function with more steps to achieve a more detailed pattern that avoids overlap.

But the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred, so perhaps using a function with n_points around 100 is better, allowing for more detailed patterns.

Wait, the previous code uses n_points=45. If I can increase the number of points to, say, 100 or 200, perhaps I can get a better solution. However, with more points, the computation becomes more intensive, but the time budget is 100 seconds. So, need to balance.

But the user says that the previous program achieved a C5 of 0.381142. The current target is 0.380876, which is just slightly lower. Therefore, even a small improvement could be significant.

Another approach: maybe the previous code's optimization is not fully exploiting the possible improvements. For example, using the initial_h_values and refining it with more effective optimization methods. Perhaps using a combination of differential evolution followed by SLSQP refinement is better than the current approach.

But perhaps there's a way to speed up the optimization. For example, using a more efficient evaluation of the objective function. The current approach uses np.correlate for the full mode, which computes the cross-correlation. But since the function h is over [0,2], and shifts can be any value, the cross-correlation is computed over the full range. However, for the purpose of maximizing the overlap, the maximum over all possible shifts k is needed. However, the numerical evaluation uses the sampled points, which is an approximation.

Alternatively, maybe the evaluation is over the sampled points, but the shifts are limited to the discrete shifts between the samples. However, in the code, the np.correlate with mode='full' gives the convolution, which may not capture all possible shifts. Wait, the cross-correlation between h and 1-h is computed over the full range, but in the code, it's done with the samples. So the correlation is calculated for shifts from -n_points+1 to n_points-1.

But this might not correspond exactly to the continuous case. However, the code uses the sampled values, and the maximum among all those shifts is taken. So the code is trying to approximate the continuous maximum by considering discrete shifts.

Another thought: the previous code uses differential evolution for a few iterations, but maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters could lead to better results. Also, the use of multiple initial guesses could help in finding better local minima.

Alternatively, perhaps the function can be optimized by considering the trade-offs between different shift overlaps. For example, some shifts might be more critical than others, and the optimization can focus on those. However, this is non-trivial to implement.

Another idea: using a coordinate descent approach. For example, iteratively adjusting each point in h to minimize the maximum overlap, while maintaining the integral constraint. However, this might be slow and could get stuck in local minima.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe using a penalty method where the objective is the maximum overlap plus a penalty for violating the integral constraint. But this is similar to the previous approach with constraints.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess, which may be a good starting point. But maybe the initial_h_values is not optimal, and starting from a different structure, such as a more evenly distributed pattern, could lead to better results.

But without knowing the exact structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the user says that initial_h_values is available, and we should reference it directly. So perhaps using it as the starting point is the best option.

So, perhaps the main improvements to the previous code are:

1. Using a better initial guess through more diverse initializations.
2. Using more efficient optimization methods, possibly with better hyperparameters.
3. Adding more refinement steps to improve the solution after the initial searches.

Let me think about how to code this. The previous code has a series of initial guesses generated from pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random guesses. Maybe adding more initial guesses, such as using a combination of multiple pulse sequences or including more waveform types, could help. For example, rectangular pulses, triangular, sine waves, etc.

Also, the previous code uses the initial_h_values and then generates guesses. Perhaps trying to use the initial_h_values as a seed and then applying some mutations to it. Or generating more guesses that are variations of the initial_h_values.

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy algorithm where the function is adjusted step by step. For example, determining which shift gives the maximum overlap and then adjusting the function to reduce that overlap. But this is more of a heuristic.

But how to implement this in code within the time budget? It's probably more efficient to use global optimization methods like differential evolution followed by local refinement.

Another idea: the time budget is 100 seconds. The previous code runs differential evolution for 3 iterations, which may not be enough. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations, but then the code might take longer. Alternatively, reducing the number of generations but with more effective settings.

Also, the options for differential evolution include mutation and recombination parameters. Maybe adjusting these could lead to better exploration of the search space.

Another thing to consider is the use of the bounds. The function h is constrained between 0 and 1, and the sum must be n_points/2. The previous code uses the SLSQP method with equality constraints. However, when using SLSQP, the method might get stuck in local minima. Using a more sophisticated optimization method or combining multiple methods could help.

Alternatively, using the COBYLA or Nelder-Mead methods with constraints might lead to different results. But the previous code uses SLSQP.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function. For example, precomputing some parts of the correlation matrix or using vectorized operations. However, the previous code already uses numpy's correlate, which is efficient.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, generating more different waveforms or varying parameters of the existing ones.

In the previous code, there are guesses generated for pulses and sawtooth and triangle waves with various frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe expanding this to include more parameters, such as different waveforms, could help.

But how to implement this in code? Let me think. For example, adding more frequency values, or varying the duty cycles more.

Alternatively, trying to use a more sophisticated initial guess, like a function that is constructed based on some theoretical considerations. For example, if we know that the optimal function should have certain properties, we can start with a guess that approximates those properties.

Another approach: since the overlap integral is a maximum over shifts, the function h should be designed to have small overlap with itself shifted. This is similar to the concept of a function with low autocorrelation. In that context, the optimal function might be a set of pulses spaced in a way that minimizes overlap when shifted.

For example, if h has a single pulse (a single interval where it's 1), then the overlap with shifted versions would be maximized when the shift is such that the pulse overlaps with the low regions. However, a single pulse may not be optimal. Adding more pulses spaced apart could help reduce the maximum overlap.

But how to model this? It's a balance between the number of pulses and their placement. Perhaps trying functions with multiple pulses arranged in a certain pattern.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values may have a certain pattern. If I can understand its structure, I could generate variations of it. But since I can't see what the initial_h_values is, I need to think of other ways.

Another idea: using a genetic algorithm. The previous code uses differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm. Maybe using a genetic algorithm with different parameters could lead to better results. For example, using a larger population size, or different crossover and mutation operators.

But the previous code uses differential evolution, so maybe that's already a form of genetic algorithm. However, the parameters might be tuned for better performance.

Alternatively, combining multiple optimization techniques. For example, using differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then using SLSQP for local refinement.

Another point: the previous code uses a lot of different initial guesses. Maybe trying more of them, especially those that are more varied in structure. For example, including functions with different waveforms, like square waves, sine waves, and more complex patterns.

In terms of code structure, the previous code has the run function that starts with the initial_h_values, then generates various guesses. Maybe adding more guesses, especially those that are more structured, can help. For example, generating guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles for various waveforms.

Another thing to consider: the number of samples. The previous code uses n_points=45. Maybe increasing this to 100 or 200 could allow for more detailed patterns. However, the time budget may not allow for that. Let's do some calculations.

Assuming that the code for 100 samples is similar in structure as for 45. The number of iterations in differential evolution and SLSQP may scale with the number of samples. However, with more samples, the run time could increase, potentially exceeding the budget. So, it's a trade-off.

But the user mentions that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe sticking to around 100 points is better.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values is referenced, which may have 45 points. So the n_points is fixed. Therefore, the code can't change the number of points, but can optimize the values.

Therefore, the approach should focus on optimizing the existing n_points.

So, the main areas to improve the code are:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses to avoid local minima.
2. Tune differential evolution parameters for better exploration.
3. Enhance the local optimization step with more refinement.
4. Possibly use more advanced optimization methods or hybrid approaches.

Let me think about how to implement this in code. The previous code uses a list of guesses generated from various functions like pulses, sawtooth, and triangle. Adding more diversity to these guesses could help.

For example, adding more variations in frequencies, duty cycles, and waveforms could lead to better initial guesses. Also, the previous code includes some random guesses. Maybe increasing the number of random guesses could help explore the search space.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP for refinement, use a different method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which is derivative-free and may find better local minima.

Alternatively, combining different optimization methods in the refinement steps.

Another consideration is the objective function's value. The previous code computes it as the maximum of the cross-correlation multiplied by dx. Since the cross-correlation is evaluated over the full mode, which gives the maximum value for different shifts.

But the previous code evaluates the max in the cross-correlation. Maybe there's a way to evaluate the objective function more efficiently or with more precision.

Another possible improvement is to use a more accurate way to compute the maximum overlap. For example, considering not only the discrete shifts but also continuous shifts. However, this complicates the numerical calculation.

Another idea: to use a grid search for certain parameters, such as the number of pulses or their spacing, to generate better initial guesses. For example, generating a guess with a certain number of high regions spaced evenly.

But without knowing the structure of the optimal solution, this is speculative.

In terms of code, perhaps the main changes would involve:

- Adding more initial guesses with different waveforms and parameters.
- Adjusting the differential evolution parameters, such as mutation and recombination rates, to explore the search space better.
- Increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution and SLSQP refinement.
- Using a different optimization method in the refinement steps.

Also, the previous code has a loop that runs for a limited time, but the code checks the elapsed time and breaks if the budget is nearly exceeded. Perhaps adjusting the number of iterations in the loops to ensure that the code completes within the budget.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (e.g., pulses, sawtooth, triangles, random), but maybe adding more guesses from different sources, such as more sinusoidal variations or other structured functions, could help.

For example, generating initial guesses based on multi-frequency waveforms or combining different waveforms.

But how to implement this in code? It's a matter of generating more varied initial guesses.

Another thought: perhaps the current code's maximum number of iterations for differential evolution is too low. Increasing it could allow for more exploration, but with the time constraint, it's a balance. For example, increasing the maxiter parameter in differential evolution.

Also, the previous code runs differential evolution for 3 iterations, which might not be enough. Maybe increasing it to 5 or 10.

Another possible change is to run the differential evolution multiple times with different parameters and then choose the best solution.

In terms of code structure, the current run function is as follows:

- Seeds the random number generator.
- Defines the objective function and constraints.
- Loads initial_h_values and starts from there.
- Generates various initial guesses (pulses, sawtooth, triangles, random).
- Apply SLSQP optimization to each guess.
- Then run differential evolution for a few iterations.
- Then refine the solution with further SLSQP steps.

Perhaps adding more structured initial guesses could help. For example, functions with more complex patterns that may lead to better overlaps.

In the previous code, the guesses include:

- Pulses with different frequencies and duty cycles.
- Sawtooth waves with varying frequencies and duty cycles.
- Triangle waves with varying frequencies and duty cycles.
- Random guesses.

Maybe adding more guesses, like square waves, sine waves, or other periodic functions.

Alternatively, using functions that are combinations of existing waveforms.

But given the code structure, it's possible to generate more guesses.

In addition, the previous code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess. However, maybe starting with a more structured guess could be better. For example, a guess based on a known optimal structure.

But without knowing that structure, this is challenging.

Another idea: using the initial_h_values as one of the initial guesses and then trying to perturb it slightly. For example, applying small random noise to the initial guess to avoid getting stuck in the same local minima.

In terms of code, perhaps generating some perturbed versions of the initial guess could help.

In conclusion, the main improvements to the previous code could be:

1. Generate more diverse and structured initial guesses.
2. Enhance the differential evolution parameters to explore the search space better.
3. Increase the number of refinement steps with SLSQP.
4. Possibly use different optimization methods in different stages.

Now, considering all this, I can start modifying the code accordingly.

The code would need to:

- Generate a variety of initial guesses (e.g., more waveforms, more parameters).
- Tune the differential evolution settings (like popsize, maxiter, mutation, recombination).
- Refine with more iterations of SLSQP.
- Possibly add more perturbations to the initial guesses.

Let me outline the code changes:

First, the initial guesses can be expanded. For example, adding more frequencies for the pulses and sawtooth/triangle waves, including different wave types.

Second, adjust the differential evolution parameters. For example, using a larger population size and more iterations.

Third, increase the number of refinement steps with SLSQP.

Fourth, consider using a different optimization method for the initial guesses.

However, given the time constraints, it's important to keep the code efficient.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code uses:

- A list of guesses generated by different functions.
- Runs SLSQP optimization on each guess.
- Then runs differential evolution for a few iterations.
- Then runs more refinement steps with SLSQP.

So, to modify this, perhaps adding more types of guesses (like sine waves), increasing the number of initial guesses, and tuning the parameters.

Another idea: instead of generating random guesses, perhaps using a more structured approach, like a grid search over parameters like frequency, duty cycle, etc., but this might be too time-consuming.

Alternatively, the code could include more variations of the existing wave functions.

For example, adding more frequencies for the pulses, or varying the duty cycle more widely.

In the previous code, the pulses are generated with frequencies from 3 to 8, which may not be optimal. Expanding this range could help.

Also, the current code uses a few duty cycles for the sawtooth and triangle waves. Increasing the number of duty cycles could provide more variation.

In terms of code, the previous code generates guesses as follows:

For freq in 3 to 8:

    append gen_pulses(freq, 0.5)

For duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:

    append gen_saw(3, duty)

    append gen_triangle(3, duty)

Then, for random guesses.

Adding more frequencies and duty cycles would increase the diversity of initial guesses.

Another possible addition is generating waveforms with different wave types, like sine or cosine, but since the function h is a step function, maybe not applicable. However, the code uses pulse, sawtooth, and triangle wave functions, which are all step-like.

Alternatively, generating more complex functions by combining different waveforms.

But this could be time-consuming to code.

Another possible change is to increase the number of iterations for differential evolution. For example, increasing maxiter from 50 to 100.

Also, the previous code runs differential evolution for 3 iterations, but maybe running more could help.

In terms of code, the code for differential evolution is:

for _ in range(3):
    if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
        break
    h_opt = de_guess()
    h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
    c = obj(h_opt)
    if c < best_c5:
        best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

Perhaps increasing the range to 5 or 10 iterations.

Also, the code runs refinement steps for 5 times. Maybe increasing that would help.

Another idea: using a different initialization method for the differential evolution, such as using the best_h from previous steps as the initial population.

In conclusion, the code can be modified to generate more diverse initial guesses, increase the number of iterations for differential evolution, and refine more thoroughly.

Now, translating these ideas into code.

The code will:

- Generate more initial guesses with varied frequencies and duty cycles.

- Tune the differential evolution parameters for better exploration.

- Use more refinement steps with SLSQP.

- Ensure that the code completes within the time budget.

Therefore, the modified code would include more initial guesses, possibly with more parameters, and adjusted optimization parameters.

Now, writing the code.

First, the run function is defined with seed, budget_s, etc.

The initial_h_values is used as the starting point.

Then, generate a variety of guess functions, including more frequencies and duty cycles.

For example, adding more frequencies for pulses, and varying the duty cycles for sawtooth and triangle waves.

Also, adding more random guesses.

The code can generate more guesses by expanding the ranges and parameters.

Then, for each guess, run SLSQP optimization.

Then, run differential evolution with more iterations and better parameters.

Then, refine with more SLSQP steps.

Let me draft the code.

The code will start with the initial_h_values, then generate more guesses.

For example:

- Gen_pulses for frequencies from 2 to 9, with varying duty cycles.
- Gen_saw and gen_triangle with more duty cycles.
- More random guesses.

Then, run SLSQP on each guess.

Then, differential evolution with larger maxiter and population size.

Also, refining with more SLSQP steps.

This should increase the chances of finding a better solution.

Now, translating this into code.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated as:

guesses = [h]
for freq in range(3, 9):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
for _ in range(5):
    guesses.append(gen_random())

To make this more diverse, perhaps adjusting the frequencies and duty cycles.

For example:

for freq in range(2, 10):  # frequencies from 2 to 9
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7]:  # more duty cycles
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
for _ in range(7):  # more random guesses
    guesses.append(gen_random())

This would generate more varied guesses.

Then, in the differential evolution part, increase the maxiter and population size.

For example, changing the parameters to have popsize=150 and maxiter=100.

In the previous code, it's:

res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50,
                                     mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)

Changing to higher maxiter, for example 100.

Also, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Then, during refinement, increasing the number of refinement steps.

In the previous code, the refinement loop runs 5 times, but perhaps increasing to 10.

Also, during the SLSQP optimization, using more iterations.

Another possible improvement: using a different method for refinement, such as Nelder-Mead.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is suitable for constrained problems.

Now, coding these changes.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed initial_h_values. Perhaps generating initial guesses based on that, or using the initial_h_values as one of the initial guesses.

Now, putting it all together.

The final code should include:

- More varied initial guesses.
- Tuned differential evolution parameters.
- More refinement steps.

Now, translating this into code, ensuring that the code is within the token limit and adheres to the constraints.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(7):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```