<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP optimization with different initial guesses, differential evolution, and refinement steps. But maybe there's a better way. 

First, I need to understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is lower. 

The existing approach uses initial guesses based on pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random guesses. Then it applies optimization methods. Maybe that's getting stuck in local minima. So perhaps a different strategy is needed.

Hmm, what if I consider using a more structured approach? Like, splitting the interval [0,2] into segments where h takes on specific values. For example, a piecewise constant function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a certain pattern. This might result in lower overlaps. 

But how to find such a pattern? Maybe using symmetry or periodicity. Since the problem is about overlaps with shifts, maybe the optimal function is periodic or has some symmetry. For instance, if the function is symmetric around 1, or has overlapping regions that cancel out the shifts. 

Alternatively, considering the problem as optimizing over a set of parameters that define the positions where h is 1 or 0. For example, placing the 1s in such a way that when you shift them by k, the overlap is minimized. 

But how to translate that into an optimization problem? Maybe using a genetic algorithm with a more efficient search strategy. Wait, but the previous code uses differential evolution, which might not be the best for this. 

Another thought: the overlap integral is a convolution. So perhaps using techniques from signal processing to design a function that minimizes the maximum value of its convolution with 1-h. But I'm not sure how to directly apply that here.

Wait, the problem requires minimizing the max of the overlap integral for all shifts k. So the function h must be designed such that for any shift, the area where h and 1-h overlap is minimized. 

What if we think in terms of binary functions? If h is a step function with values 0 and 1, then the overlap when shifted would be the area of the intersection between the regions where h is 1 and the regions where 1-h is 1 (i.e., where h is 0). But since h is a step function, this might be manageable. 

But the current approach uses real values between 0 and 1, not just 0 and 1. Maybe a binary function is better? Or perhaps a combination of binary steps. However, the current code allows for continuous values. 

Wait, the previous code samples h as step functions (since it's a step function), but with n_points samples. So perhaps the initial guess was a better starting point. 

Another idea: use a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe combining them with a better initial guess or using a different optimization strategy. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach with a surrogate model to explore the search space more efficiently. But that might be too complex within the time budget.

Alternatively, maybe using a coordinate descent approach, where each point is optimized sequentially while keeping others fixed. But that could get stuck in local optima.

Wait, but the problem is high-dimensional. The previous code uses 45 points. That's a lot. Maybe reducing the number of points would help? Or perhaps using a coarser grid but with more steps in a specific region. 

Another angle: since the integral is 1, the average value of h over [0,2] is 0.5. So maybe the function is designed to have regions where it's 1 and 0 in a way that when shifted, the overlapping regions are small. For example, if the function is like a square wave with specific periods and duty cycles. But how to adjust those parameters to minimize the maximum overlap.

Wait, the previous code tried some pulse and sawtooth shapes. Maybe trying more complex waveforms or different combinations could help. 

Another idea: instead of using random guesses, generate a variety of structured functions. For example, placing the 1s in a specific pattern that's not periodic. Or using a function that has multiple peaks spaced out to avoid overlapping when shifted. 

But how to generate such functions algorithmically. Maybe using a combination of multiple pulses or segments. 

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal function is one where the set of 1s and 0s are arranged such that any shift k will result in minimal intersection. This sounds like a covering problem, but with overlapping constraints. 

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy approach: start with a certain number of 1s, then iteratively adjust their positions to minimize the maximum overlap. But how to do that efficiently.

Wait, the problem requires evaluating the maximum overlap for all shifts. So for each possible shift k, the integral is calculated. But for a function h defined on a grid of n_points samples, the shifts k can be in the range of [0,2] (since the integral is over the entire interval). But the way the code currently does it is using np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. However, the actual maximum could be determined by some specific k values. 

But perhaps the code is using the right way to compute the overlaps. 

So, back to the previous code. The approach is to generate various initial guesses using different waveforms and then optimize them with SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe the initial guesses are too similar, leading to local optima. 

To improve, perhaps trying different initial guesses that are more varied. For example, instead of just pulses, sawtooth, and triangle, maybe other shapes like square waves, or functions that have more complex patterns. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a more intelligent way to generate the initial points. For example, using a combination of random and structured guesses. 

Another idea: the current code uses differential evolution with a population size of 100, which might be computationally intensive. Maybe reducing the population size or the number of iterations would save time, allowing for more refinement steps. 

But given the time budget, the previous code runs for 100 seconds. The new code needs to be more efficient. 

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. For example, using a genetic algorithm with elitism to preserve the best solutions, or a particle swarm optimization. However, implementing those from scratch would be time-consuming. 

Wait, the code can use the existing scipy.optimize methods. Maybe the SLSQP is too slow for high-dimensional problems. The previous code uses SLSQP with a limited number of iterations, but perhaps for better results, it needs more iterations. But that would take more time. 

Alternatively, considering that the problem is highly convex or has certain properties that can be exploited. For example, the objective function may have a unique minimum, and using a better initial guess could lead to better results. 

Another approach: instead of using a single initial guess, generate multiple structured guesses and optimize each. For example, using different time periods for the functions, varying the duty cycles, or combining multiple shapes. 

Wait, the previous code tried some guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe adding more parameters, like varying the number of peaks, or different spacing between them. 

But how to generate these guesses algorithmically. For example, creating a function that generates a series of peaks spaced in a certain way. 

Alternatively, maybe using a function that alternates between high and low regions, creating a sawtooth-like pattern but with more segments. 

Another thought: since the current best is around 0.38, maybe trying to find a function that achieves even lower. The existing code's initial guess is based on a starting point, so perhaps starting from there and applying more aggressive optimizations. 

But the user mentioned that the initial_h_values may be available, so maybe starting from that. 

So, to improve upon the previous code, perhaps:

1. Use more structured initial guesses that are different from the ones tried before. For example, using a combination of different waveforms or introducing more diversity in the initial setup.
2. Modify the optimization steps to have more refinement, perhaps with more iterations or better convergence criteria.
3. Try different optimization methods, like using a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP for better exploration and exploitation of the search space.
4. Reduce the number of points if possible, but the user's previous code uses 45 points. Maybe using more points could help, but with more computation time. However, the user wants to keep the number of points low (less than 1k), so maybe 45 is acceptable.
5. Adjust hyperparameters in the existing optimization steps to improve the search. For example, increasing the population size in differential evolution, but balancing with the time budget.

But given the time constraints, the code needs to be efficient. 

Another idea: the previous code's differential evolution step may be too slow. Maybe using a smaller population size with more iterations, or combining with other steps. 

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach with a surrogate model to guide the search. But implementing that in scipy may not be straightforward.

Another point: the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the full convolution. But for the problem, the shifts k could be up to 2, but since the function is defined on [0,2], perhaps some of the k values are out of range. Wait, the integral for each shift k is computed over the overlap of [0,2] and [k, k + 2]. So the code correctly uses the full convolution. 

But perhaps there's a way to optimize the computation of the maximum overlap. For example, precomputing the relevant shifts that could contribute the maximum value. But in the current code, it's already doing that via the full convolution.

Hmm. Maybe the main issue is that the previous code's optimization steps aren't exploring the search space sufficiently. So, to improve, maybe generating more diverse initial guesses and using a better optimization approach. 

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of the integral over different shifts. For a given h, the maximum overlap is the largest of these integrals. To minimize this maximum, the function h must be designed such that for every possible shift, the area of overlap is small. 

This sounds like a problem of minimizing the maximum of several functions, which is a classic problem in optimization. The key is to find the function h that balances these overlaps. 

But how to structure this. One approach is to use a method of successive approximations, where for each shift, the function is adjusted to reduce the overlap. But this is vague. 

Another angle: the problem resembles designing a filter with minimal sidelobes, where the function h is like a window function. However, the problem here is different because it's about minimizing the maximum overlap for all shifts. 

Alternatively, using a variational approach. The minimal maximum overlap would correspond to a certain functional, but solving it directly is challenging. 

Back to the code. Let me think about modifying the existing approach. The previous code generates initial guesses with pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe expanding these by adding more types of waveforms, like square waves with varying duty cycles, or more complex patterns. 

But how to generate those algorithmically. For example, a square wave can be generated as a pulse train with specific offsets and widths. 

Alternatively, maybe using a Fourier series approach. The function h is periodic or has certain frequency components that can be optimized. But again, not sure. 

Another idea: given the problem's symmetry, perhaps the optimal function is symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2]. So the function h could be symmetric, reducing the number of variables to optimize. 

If I enforce symmetry, maybe the optimization problem becomes easier. For example, the function h could be mirrored around x=1, which would reduce the number of points to optimize. 

This could reduce the computational complexity, as the number of variables is halved. 

So, perhaps the code should generate symmetric initial guesses and enforce symmetry during optimization. 

But how to implement that. For example, in the code, when generating initial guesses, create a symmetric function. For example, for a given h, set h[i] = h[2 - i] for each i. 

But how to handle the sum constraint. For a symmetric function, the integral over [0,2] is 2 times the integral from 0 to 1. So the sum would need to be adjusted accordingly. 

Alternatively, during the optimization, enforce symmetry by setting h[i] = 1 - h[2 - i] (or similar). 

But this depends on the specific structure of the function. 

Alternatively, think of the function as consisting of two mirrored segments. For example, in the first half [0,1], the function is defined, and the second half is mirrored. This could reduce the variables but may not always be optimal. 

But if the optimal function is symmetric, then this approach could find a better solution. 

So adding symmetry as a constraint in the optimization might help. 

But how to do that in the code. For example, during the optimization, for each step, set h[i] = h[2 - i], ensuring that the function is symmetric. 

This would reduce the number of variables and potentially lead to a better solution. 

Another consideration: the current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe combining them with symmetry constraints could help. 

So, perhaps modifying the initial guesses to be symmetric, and then optimizing under that symmetry constraint. 

But this requires a lot of code changes. 

Alternatively, considering that the user's previous code uses 45 points (n_points=45), which is odd. For symmetry, perhaps the function can be mirrored around the center. For example, if 45 is odd, then the center point is at 22.5. 

So, during the initial setup, generating a symmetric function could be done by mirroring. 

But I'm not sure if this is the right path. 

Alternatively, maybe trying to find a function that has a specific pattern, like a single pulse in the middle, but that would have high overlap for shifts that are small. 

Hmm. Maybe the key is to find a function that has multiple regions where it is 1, but spaced in such a way that when shifted, the overlapping regions are minimized. 

For example, if the function has two sections of 1s, each of length 0.5, placed at different positions. But then, when shifted by 0.5, the overlap might be high. 

Alternatively, using three sections of 1s, each with certain spacing. 

But how to determine the optimal spacing. 

Another idea: this problem is similar to the problem of placing as many points as possible in a circle to minimize the maximum distance between any two points. But I'm not sure. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a greedy approach to place 1s and 0s in the function such that the overlaps are minimized. 

But given the complexity, perhaps sticking to the existing code but improving the initial guesses and optimization steps. 

Wait, the previous code tried different initial guesses with various frequencies. Maybe adding more types of initial guesses, such as using a combination of different waveforms, or more complex patterns. 

For example, using a waveform with multiple pulses spaced in a way that their shifts don't overlap too much. 

Another idea: instead of using fixed frequencies and duty cycles, generate initial guesses based on random phase shifts or other parameters. 

But how to implement that. 

Alternatively, the previous code uses a random guess, which is a simple uniform distribution scaled to meet the sum constraint. Maybe generating more diverse random guesses by using different distributions, like Beta distributions or others. 

But the code already includes a random guess. 

Another thought: the maximum overlap integral is the same as the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be interpreted as the maximum "overlap" between h and its shifted version. So, the goal is to have h's shifted versions not overlap too much with the original. 

This is similar to designing a function that's "spread out" in the sense that when shifted, it doesn't overlap with itself too much. 

In signal processing terms, this is like having a function with low cross-correlation with itself. 

So, perhaps using a function that is a sum of orthogonal functions, but it's unclear. 

Alternatively, using a function that is spread out in Fourier space, which would reduce the cross-correlations. 

But again, this is abstract. 

Another approach: the existing code uses a combination of different initial guesses and optimization steps. To improve, perhaps trying more initial guesses with different structures. For example, using an initial guess based on a binary function (0s and 1s) that is designed to have minimal overlap. 

But how to construct such a function. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments where the function is 1 or 0 in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. 

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to implement. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a Monte Carlo approach where many random functions are generated and evaluated, then the best ones are optimized further. But this would be computationally expensive. 

Considering all these thoughts, perhaps the main improvement is to refine the optimization steps, use more diverse initial guesses, and enforce symmetry where possible. 

So, here's a plan:

1. Generate a variety of structured initial guesses, including symmetric patterns, and use them as starting points.
2. Use a combination of optimization methods (e.g., differential evolution followed by SLSQP).
3. Enforce symmetry constraints during optimization to reduce the search space.
4. Add more initial guesses based on different waveform types, such as square waves or more complex patterns.

But how to implement this concisely in code. 

Let me think about code structure. The previous code generates initial guesses with pulses, sawtooth, and triangle. To add more diversity, maybe generate square waves, or other shapes. 

Alternatively, use a different approach for the initial guesses. For example, generate a function that has a high number of peaks spaced periodically, but adjusted to meet the sum constraint. 

But given the time, perhaps the main change is to allow more initial guesses and optimize more thoroughly. 

So, modifying the code:

- Increase the number of initial guesses by adding more waveform types.
- Use more aggressive optimization steps with better convergence.
- Possibly enforce symmetry in the function.

But I need to translate this into code. 

For example, the previous code generated guesses using gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle. Maybe adding gen_square to generate square waves. 

But how to implement that. For example, a square wave alternates between 0 and 1 at certain intervals. 

Alternatively, using a function that alternates between high and low values periodically. 

But the code already includes generating pulses with different frequencies. 

Another idea: instead of generating guesses based on frequency, generate them with varying numbers of segments. 

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values as a starting point and perform a more thorough optimization. 

Wait, the user mentioned that the initial_h_values is available, which is a 45-point array. Maybe the previous code starts from there but could be refined further. 

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as a base and perturbing it to find better solutions. 

But without knowing the details of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. 

In conclusion, the main improvements could be:

- More diverse initial guesses, including symmetric functions.
- Better optimization steps, perhaps combining multiple methods.
- More refinement steps after initial optimization.
- Possibly enforcing constraints like symmetry.

So, modifying the code to generate more initial guesses, including symmetric versions, and using a combination of optimization methods. 

Therefore, the new code would generate more initial guesses, perhaps by incorporating symmetric patterns, and use more thorough optimization steps. 

Now, considering the code structure, the previous code defines functions like gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle. To add new guesses, perhaps generating square waves or other shapes. 

But given the time, I'll proceed to write the code that includes more initial guesses and more optimization steps. 

The code will:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate additional initial guesses based on different waveforms (like square waves).
- Use SLSQP and differential evolution with more iterations.
- Refine the solution with more refinement steps.
- Enforce symmetry constraints if possible.

Here's the code structure:

Import necessary modules, define run function. In the run function:

- Set up initial_h_values, n_points, target_sum, dx.
- Define the objective function (max of correlation).
- Define the constraint.
- Generate initial guesses with various waveforms, including symmetric ones.
- Use optimization methods with more steps.
- Return the best solution.

But implementing symmetry might be complex. Alternatively, consider that the current code's initial_h_values may already have some symmetry, so not enforcing it explicitly.

So, to improve the code:

1. Add more initial guesses, like square waves.
2. Increase the number of optimization iterations.
3. Adjust hyperparameters for better convergence.

The final code would include these changes. Now, translating this into code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_square(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_tri(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_square(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(3, duty))
    random_guess = np.random.rand(n_points)
    random_guess = (target_sum / np.sum(random_guess)) * random_guess
    guesses.append(random_guess)
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```