<think>
Okay, so I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is even lower. The previous solution used a combination of optimization techniques like SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, let me understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h(x) on [0,2] such that the maximum overlap integral when shifted by different k is minimized. The overlap integral is calculated as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h(x) is between 0 and 1.

The initial approach used an initial guess with 45 points and then optimized using SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe we can do better by trying different optimization strategies or improving the initial guess.

Hmm, the previous code has several steps: generating different guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves), using SLSQP to refine them, then differential evolution, and then more SLSQP refinements. But perhaps some of these steps could be optimized.

Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The initial approach uses 45 points, which is small. But maybe using more points could allow for more precise optimizations. However, the time budget is limited. So maybe a balance between the number of points and the number of iterations.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed set of guesses, but maybe generating more diverse initial guesses or using a different method like genetic algorithms could lead to better results. But the code already uses differential evolution, which is a population-based method.

Alternatively, maybe it's better to use a different optimization technique. For example, simulated annealing or Bayesian optimization. But those might be more computationally intensive, especially within the 100-second budget.

Alternatively, maybe we can model this as a constrained optimization problem and use more efficient solvers. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is good for small problems, but with more points, maybe the problem dimension increases. However, the initial solution uses 45 points, so maybe even with a larger number of points, it's manageable.

Wait, the problem says that if initial_h_values is available, we should use it directly. So the initial_h_values is given, and the code starts from there. But maybe trying different initializations could help avoid local minima. For example, using a different initial guess, like a more uniform distribution, or a piecewise constant function with more segments.

Another idea: the overlap integral is maximized over k. So the problem is to minimize the maximum of the overlap integrals. This is a minimax problem, which is challenging. Perhaps using a different approach to approximate the maximum. For example, instead of considering all k, maybe approximate the maximum by sampling several shifts and optimizing that. However, the original code uses the full correlation, which includes all shifts.

Another approach is to consider that the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts. For example, shifts that align parts of the function h and 1 - h. Maybe structuring h such that it has minimal overlap for the most critical shifts.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a covering problem. The function h is designed to cover the interval [0,2] with certain properties, such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. Perhaps using a combination of periodic and non-periodic patterns.

Wait, the current code uses a lot of different pulse and sawtooth generators. Maybe trying more complex shapes, like using multiple segments with varying duty cycles or frequencies, could help. For instance, combining different waveforms to create a more complex h that avoids overlaps.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more structured approach. For example, partitioning the interval [0,2] into intervals where h is 0 or 1, and then choosing the lengths of these intervals to minimize the overlap. However, this would be similar to a combinatorial optimization problem, which might be difficult to solve effectively.

Another thing to consider: the correlation calculation in the code uses mode='full', which gives the full cross-correlation. However, for the problem, the maximum is over all possible shifts, which includes shifts that go beyond the interval. Wait, but the original problem is defined over [0,2], so shifting h(x) by k would involve integrating over x where x and x + k are in [0,2]. So, the correlation is actually only over valid ranges. But the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which might include some edge cases that need to be considered. Maybe there's a mistake here, but given that the previous code uses this method, perhaps it's correct. However, maybe adjusting how the correlation is computed could lead to better results.

Alternatively, perhaps the current code could be modified to use a different method for computing the maximum overlap. For instance, instead of computing the entire full correlation and taking the maximum, maybe using a more efficient approach by sampling certain shifts that are likely to be problematic.

But I'm not sure. Let's think about optimization techniques. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. What are the advantages and disadvantages of these methods? SLSQP is good for problems with constraints and smooth objective functions, but might get stuck in local minima. Differential evolution is a global optimization method but can be slower. Maybe combining them in a smarter way.

Another idea: instead of generating a lot of different guess functions, maybe start from the initial guess and perform a more thorough local optimization. However, the previous code already does this.

Another possible improvement: use a more efficient initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might not be the best starting point. Maybe generating a better initial guess by considering known optimal solutions or using some heuristic.

Alternatively, the problem might benefit from using a different kind of function. For example, instead of a step function with values between 0 and 1, maybe a function that has more varied shapes, like piecewise linear segments, which can be more efficient in terms of overlap.

Wait, but the problem states that h is a step function, which is what the code is modeling. However, in the code, h is represented as a step function via discretized samples. So perhaps the way the function is discretized affects the performance. Maybe using a non-uniform discretization could help, but the problem specifies that dx is 2.0 / n_points, so it's uniform.

Hmm. Maybe the key is to find a structure in h that ensures that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized. This could be achieved by making h to have certain properties, like being periodic or having a specific spacing between peaks.

Another angle: the problem is similar to designing a function that avoids correlation with its shifted versions. This is similar to the concept of a "zero correlation" sequence, which is used in signal processing. However, in this case, it's a minimax problem.

An approach used in such problems is to use a function with a lot of high frequencies, which might spread the peaks and reduce overlap when shifted. For instance, using a waveform with rapid transitions could reduce the overlap when shifted.

But how to translate that into the code. The initial code uses pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more complex waveforms or using a combination could help.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using symmetry in the function h could help. For example, making h symmetric around some point. However, since the interval is [0,2], perhaps symmetry around 1 or 0.5. But I'm not sure if that would necessarily help.

Alternatively, considering that h is a step function, maybe the optimal function is composed of multiple intervals where h is 0 or 1, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. This would be similar to a set of intervals where each interval is non-overlapping with its shifts.

But designing such intervals is non-trivial. For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are spaced such that any shift would result in their intersection being minimal.

Another possible approach is to use optimization with more structured constraints. For instance, if we can find a way to model the problem such that the maximum overlap is directly minimized, but that's challenging because it's a non-convex problem.

Alternatively, maybe using a gradient-based method with an approximate gradient for the max function. However, the max function is non-differentiable, which complicates things.

Wait, the current code uses the maximum of the correlation values as the objective function. The problem is that optimizing this max function is difficult because it's non-convex and has multiple local minima. Therefore, the optimization approach needs to be robust to such issues.

Perhaps the key is to use more diverse initial guesses. The previous code uses a range of functions (pulses, sawtooth, triangle), but maybe generating more types of guesses, such as square waves with different frequencies, or other periodic functions, could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, a uniform distribution of ones and zeros might not be optimal, but perhaps a more intelligent initial guess based on known configurations.

Wait, the current code's initial_h_values is given and is used as the starting point. So maybe the initial_h_values is already a good starting point, but perhaps generating multiple initial guesses based on that could help find a better solution.

Another possible optimization: instead of using all the guess functions, perhaps focusing on a subset that could be more effective. For example, generating more pulse or triangle functions with varying parameters.

Alternatively, the code uses a fixed number of iterations for differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe adjusting the number of iterations or the parameters (like population size, mutation rates) could lead to better performance.

Also, the code has several refinement steps. Maybe the number of refinement steps can be adjusted to balance between computational time and the quality of the solution.

Another idea: use a combination of different optimization methods. For example, start with differential evolution to explore the solution space, then use SLSQP for local refinement. This is what the current code does, but perhaps increasing the number of DE iterations or the population size could help.

Wait, the code uses differential evolution for 3 iterations, with a population size of 100. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could lead to better initial guesses. However, the time budget is limited, so there's a trade-off.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed n_points of 45. What if trying different n_points could lead to better results? For example, a larger n_points allows for more precise h, but increases the computational load. However, the problem mentions that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe keeping n_points at 45 is better.

But perhaps the initial_h_values has 45 points, and the code uses that. So changing n_points might not be possible unless we can generate a different initial guess. But the problem says to use initial_h_values if available, and not to reconstruct it as a literal.

Hmm. Maybe the key is to improve the initial guess. For example, instead of starting from the initial_h_values, generate a better initial guess using a different method. But without knowing what the initial_h_values is, I can't say.

Alternatively, the code could use the initial_h_values and then apply a more effective optimization strategy. Maybe using a more efficient solver, like using the SLSQP method with tighter constraints and better settings.

Another idea: the current code uses the 'ftol' parameter in SLSQP as 1e-11, which is very tight. Maybe increasing the tolerance could allow the solver to converge faster, but might not find a better solution. Alternatively, adjusting the tolerance could help in some cases.

Alternatively, using a different solver. The code uses SLSQP, but maybe another solver like COBYLA, which handles bounds well, could be better. However, the user has access to various solvers like CVXOPT, Gurobi, etc., but the code uses scipy's optimize, which might not support all of them. The initial code uses scipy's optimize, so maybe the solvers available within scipy are limited.

Another possible improvement: instead of optimizing the entire h vector, maybe use a more efficient representation. For example, group the points into segments where the values are the same, reducing the problem size. However, this might complicate the code.

Alternatively, use a genetic algorithm approach. But the code already uses differential evolution, which is a form of evolutionary algorithm. Maybe adjusting the parameters of DE could help.

Wait, in the code, the DE is run with popsize=100, maxiter=50, mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8. Maybe adjusting these parameters could improve performance. For example, increasing the population size or the number of iterations could allow for a better exploration of the solution space.

But given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to focus on refining the current approach. For example, increasing the number of DE iterations or using more diverse initial guesses.

Another thought: the current code uses multiple different guess functions. Maybe generating more of them could help. For example, adding more pulse, sawtooth, or triangle functions with varying frequencies and duty cycles.

Additionally, the code uses several refinements with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps could help, but again, time is a factor.

Alternatively, can we precompute the possible k values that contribute the most to the overlap and focus the optimization on those? For example, if we can find that certain shifts are more critical, then prioritize optimizing for those.

But how to determine which shifts are critical without knowing the function h. This seems challenging, but perhaps during the optimization, the maximum overlap is tracked, and the shifts that contribute to the maximum can be considered.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, which is a non-convex objective, maybe using a penalty method where we try to minimize the average overlap, which is easier, and then adjust the parameters. However, this might not directly target the maximum.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model, such as a neural network, to approximate the maximum overlap and optimize that. However, this would require significant computational resources and might not fit within the 100-second budget.

In summary, possible improvements to the existing code could be:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses to avoid local minima.
2. Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP solvers to improve convergence.
3. Increase the number of iterations for the differential evolution and refinement steps.
4. Use different types of initial functions, such as more complex waveforms or combinations.
5. Focus on optimizing critical shifts that contribute the most to the maximum overlap.

Considering all of this, the code could be modified to generate more initial guesses, especially those that are more varied and complex. Also, adjusting the parameters of the optimization solvers to allow for better exploration of the solution space.

Another idea: since the initial code uses a fixed set of guesses, maybe generating them in a more systematic way, such as varying frequencies and duty cycles, could lead to better results. For example, generating more pulse functions with different frequencies and duty cycles, and more sawtooth and triangle functions with varying parameters.

Additionally, the code currently uses a fixed number of guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help, but it's important to balance this with the time budget.

Another aspect to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The code computes the full correlation and takes the maximum value. Perhaps precomputing some of the necessary data or optimizing the way the correlation is computed could speed up the process, allowing for more iterations within the time budget.

In terms of code structure, maybe the previous code is already optimized sufficiently, and the main remaining factor is the choice of initial guesses and the optimization parameters. So to improve upon the existing solution, the code should be adjusted to generate more initial guesses and adjust the optimization steps to better explore the solution space.

Perhaps the current code's initial guesses are not diverse enough. So adding more pulse functions with different frequencies and duty cycles, as well as more complex waveforms, could help. Also, using more random initial guesses might help in finding a better solution.

In conclusion, to improve the existing code, I should:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses, including more types of waveforms with varying parameters.
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP solvers to allow for better exploration and convergence.
- Increase the number of iterations for the optimization steps within the time budget.
- Refine the solution further with more SLSQP refinements.

Now, translating this into code changes. The existing code has a section where guesses are generated with pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. To increase diversity, I can add more variations of these waveforms, perhaps with different frequencies and duty cycles. For example, adding more pulse functions with frequencies from 2 to 8, and varying duty cycles. Also, generating more random guesses could help.

Another idea is to use a combination of different waveforms. For example, a pulse function with a certain frequency and a triangle function with another frequency. However, this could complicate the code.

In terms of code structure, the previous code generates guesses like:

for freq in range(3, 9):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
for _ in range(5):
    guesses.append(gen_random())

This creates a set of initial guesses. To generate more guesses, maybe expand the frequencies and duty cycles. For example, increasing the range of frequencies, or adding more duty cycles. Also, adding more square wave or other waveforms.

Additionally, instead of just generating random guesses, maybe create a more structured approach to generate initial guesses.

Moreover, the code uses differential evolution with certain parameters. Adjusting these parameters, such as increasing the population size or the number of iterations, could help find better solutions.

Another possible change: using the SLSQP method with more iterations. The current code has maxiter=200, which is high. Maybe increasing this could help, but it would take more time.

In terms of code, the previous code's main loop generates guesses and applies optimizations. So perhaps modifying the code to generate more initial guesses and use different parameters for the optimization steps.

Also, the code has a refinement step. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or allowing more iterations could help.

Putting this all together, the modified code should generate more diverse initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters, and perform more iterations within the time budget.

So, the revised code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.
- Generate additional guesses with more frequencies and duty cycles for pulses, sawtooth, and triangle functions.
- Generate more random initial guesses.
- Adjust the parameters for the differential evolution and SLSQP solvers.
- Perform more iterations of optimization steps.

Now, translating these ideas into code changes. The original code uses gen_pulses with frequencies from 3 to 8 and duty cycle 0.5. Expanding this to include different duty cycles for pulses, and generating more frequencies could help. Similarly, for sawtooth and triangle functions, maybe varying the frequencies beyond 3.

Also, the random guesses could be increased. Instead of 5 random guesses, generate more, perhaps 10.

Additionally, the differential evolution parameters could be adjusted. For example, increasing the population size to 150 and the number of iterations to 70, to allow more exploration.

Another possible change: during the differential evolution phase, using a lower tolerance to allow for more exploration, then refining with SLSQP.

Finally, ensuring that the code tracks the best solution found and stops early if the time budget is near.

This approach should lead to a better solution, potentially lowering the C5 bound further.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 9):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(8):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=70,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```