<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and I need to see if I can get lower than that, ideally approaching 0.380876. The user provided a previous code that uses a combination of different initial guesses and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better approach.

Let me think about the problem. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)), and C₅ is the maximum of these integrals over all k. So, I need to minimize this maximum value.

The previous approach uses several initial guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random samples. Then it uses SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. But maybe I can improve this by using a different initialization or optimization strategy.

Hmm, the initial_h_values provided are for n=45 samples. Maybe trying larger n_points could help, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, the example code uses n_points=45, which is manageable. So perhaps I can stick with that or try a slightly larger n, but the code needs to be efficient.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP, maybe using a different optimization method. Or perhaps using a more structured approach. For example, considering that the optimal function h might have a certain symmetry or periodicity. Since the problem is over [0,2], maybe a function that repeats every 1 unit? Or maybe dividing the interval into segments where h is 0 or 1 in a way that balances the overlaps.

Wait, the current best is known to be around 0.38, which is close to 1/π². But how to find a better function? Maybe a more sophisticated construction. For example, using a combination of multiple pulses or a more complex waveform that better distributes the function's values.

Another approach is to use a greedy algorithm. Start with an initial guess, and iteratively improve it by adjusting certain points to reduce the maximum overlap. But how to implement this efficiently?

Alternatively, since the problem is a constrained optimization problem, perhaps using a gradient-based method with more careful handling of constraints. The previous code uses SLSQP with constraints, but maybe adjusting the optimization parameters or using a different method.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution as a global optimizer followed by local refinement with SLSQP. Maybe I can tweak the parameters of differential evolution, like population size, mutation rate, or the number of iterations. Also, maybe the initial guesses can be more targeted.

Another idea: instead of trying random initializations, create initial guesses based on known optimal structures. For example, if the optimal solution is a sum of functions that minimize the overlaps, perhaps a combination of step functions with certain spacing.

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of Fourier analysis. Since the integral involves convolutions, maybe analyzing the Fourier coefficients of h and 1 - h could help in minimizing the maximum overlap. But this might be too abstract to translate into an algorithm.

Wait, the overlap integral for shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). For the maximum over k, this is equivalent to the maximum over all shifts. So perhaps the function should be designed to have minimal variation when shifted. Maybe a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that when shifted, the overlap regions are minimized.

Another thing to consider: the constraints require the integral of h to be 1. So, the function has to be such that the area under it is exactly 1. So, if h is a step function with certain widths and heights, we can adjust those to meet the constraint.

Let me think about the previous code. It uses a combination of pulse, sawtooth, triangle functions as initial guesses. Maybe I can generate more varied initial guesses, such as using different frequencies or duty cycles. Or maybe generate functions that have multiple segments with different values.

Alternatively, use a genetic algorithm with more sophisticated mutation operators. But the user's code already uses differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm. Maybe optimize the parameters of the differential evolution to find better solutions.

Another thought: the current code's refinement steps use SLSQP. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement iterations could help, but the time budget might be a constraint. The previous code uses 3 iterations of differential evolution, followed by 5 refinement steps with SLSQP. Maybe adjusting the number of iterations or the method for refinement.

Wait, the previous code's initial guess is the initial_h_values, which is a 45-sample array. Let's assume that this is a starting point. However, maybe the starting point can be improved by applying some preprocessing. For example, smoothing the initial_h_values or adjusting the values to better balance the overlaps.

Alternatively, using a different starting point. The current code uses a few different generated functions as initial guesses, but maybe there's a better way to create these. For instance, generating multiple candidate functions with different patterns and trying to find the best among them.

But since the user wants to avoid long numeric literals, I need to generate these functions algorithmically. So for example, using functions like sine waves, sawtooths, or other periodic functions with different parameters.

Wait, the code includes gen_pulses, gen_saw, and gen_triangle functions. Maybe adding more variations, like using different waveforms or combining them. For example, combining a pulse with a triangle wave.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses by varying parameters. For instance, varying the frequency or duty cycle of the generated functions. But how to do that without generating too many?

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization strategy. Since the user's code runs within 100 seconds, perhaps the current approach is too slow. Maybe using a more efficient optimization method or reducing the number of parameters.

Wait, the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The function to minimize is the maximum of several integrals. So, the objective function is non-smooth, which may make gradient-based methods difficult. However, the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, which are suitable for such problems.

Perhaps the key is to improve the initial guesses. The current code uses a few handcrafted initial guesses, but maybe there's a better way to generate them. For example, creating functions that are designed to distribute the values evenly across the interval to minimize overlaps.

Another approach: the Erdős problem is similar to the problem of finding a function that has minimal maximum correlation with its shifts. In signal processing, this resembles finding a function with low autocorrelation. The optimal solution for such problems often uses a set of samples with certain spacing. For example, in the case of a binary sequence, the optimal autocorrelation is known, but this is for real functions.

But since we're dealing with continuous functions, maybe a similar principle applies. The function h should be designed so that the overlap with its shifted versions is minimized. This might involve placing the function's active regions (where h(x) is 1) in a way that they don't overlap much with their shifted versions.

So, for example, if the function has regions where it's 1, the shifts of these regions should not have significant overlaps. This could be achieved by spacing the 1s apart or overlapping them in a controlled way.

Wait, the integral of h(x) is 1, so the area under the curve is 1. If the function is a step function, then it's a series of horizontal lines. For example, if we divide the interval [0, 2] into several segments where h(x) is 1 or 0, but the total area is 1. The challenge is to arrange these segments to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted.

This seems similar to a covering problem or a scheduling problem where you want to schedule intervals in such a way that no two shifted intervals overlap too much.

But how to translate this into an algorithm? Maybe using a greedy approach: place the segments where hyp(x) is 1 in such a way that they are spaced out, but the total area is 1. However, this requires some optimization.

Alternatively, perhaps using a mathematical model where we partition the interval [0, 2] into different regions, each with a certain value of h(x), and then minimize the maximum overlap. But this would be complex.

Another thought: the current code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point, but perhaps this initial guess isn't the best. Maybe generating a better initial guess based on some heuristic. For example, a function that is shaped like a sine wave or a triangular wave with certain parameters.

But the user's previous code already uses different generated functions as initial guesses. Maybe adding more of them or modifying the parameters could help. For example, trying different frequencies and duty cycles.

Also, the user's code uses a fixed n_points of 45. Maybe trying a larger n_points, but that may take more computation time. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so maybe the current n_points is sufficient.

Wait, the code's initial_h_values is passed as a global variable. So the user's code starts with that as the initial guess. But maybe generating a better initial guess by modifying the initial_h_values could lead to better results. For example, applying some smoothing or adjusting the values to reduce overlaps.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a multi-objective optimization approach. That is, try to minimize the maximum of several integrals. However, this is already what the code is doing.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization method. For example, using Bayesian optimization to explore the parameter space more efficiently. But implementing that may require more code and time.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the full correlation (i.e., the convolution of h with 1-h). However, for the overlap integral, the correct computation might be different. Let me verify:

The integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) for each shift k. But when k is such that x + k is in the domain [0, 2], the integral is over x in [0, 2 - k]. So the correlation approach might be correct, but I need to confirm how it's calculated.

The code uses np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full'). For mode 'full', the result is of length 2n_points -1. However, the actual integrals for different shifts k would be over varying intervals. The code then multiplies by dx, which is 2.0 / n_points. But I'm not sure if this is correct.

Alternatively, perhaps the code should compute the integrals for each k in a more accurate way. For example, considering that when you shift h by k, the overlap in the integral is only over the region where both x and x + k are in [0, 2]. However, the current approach of using the full correlation might be an approximation, which could lead to errors in the objective function.

Maybe I should compute the overlap integrals more accurately. For example, for each shift k, compute the integral over x where x + k is within [0, 2], which would mean x ∈ [0, 2 -k] when k is between 0 and 2. Then, the integral is ∫_{0}^{2 -k} h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. Summing over all k in 0 to 2, but the code currently uses the full correlation which might include overlapping regions incorrectly.

This could be a problem. If the code's current approach to computing the integrals is incorrect, that would lead to a wrong objective function, thereby causing the optimization to find suboptimal solutions. So perhaps the way the code computes the objective function is not accurate enough.

To fix this, the code should accurately calculate each integral for each shift. However, for computational efficiency, this could be challenging. Alternatively, the code may be using the correlation as an approximation. But if this is not accurate, then the previous code's results are not reliable.

But given that the user mentions that the previous code achieved a result of 0.381142, which is close to the current record, perhaps the code is correct, and I should proceed with the same approach but try to optimize it further.

So, considering that, perhaps focusing on improving the initial guesses and the optimization steps could help.

Another angle: the previous code uses a fixed initial_h_values, but maybe generating a better starting point could lead to better results. For example, using a function that is designed to have a more uniform distribution of the values. For instance, using a sine or cosine function with a certain amplitude and phase.

Alternatively, since the function is defined over [0, 2], maybe the optimal function has a period of 1. So, creating a function that is periodic with period 1, such that the integral over [0,2] is 1.

For example, if the function is a triangular wave with period 1, then over [0,2], it would have two periods. The integral over each period would be 1/2, so the total integral would be 1. That would satisfy the constraint. Then, the overlap integrals for different shifts would depend on how the function behaves when shifted.

But how does this relate to minimizing the maximum overlap? For example, if the function is symmetric, shifting it by 1 would lead to overlapping regions, but perhaps the maximum overlap is minimized.

Alternatively, combining multiple step functions. For example, having certain intervals where h is 1 or 0, arranged in a way that when shifted, overlaps are minimized.

But again, how to model this algorithmically.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maxima, maybe using a more aggressive approach in the optimization steps. For example, using higher mutation rates in differential evolution, or more iterations. But the code already uses a certain number of iterations. However, the user's code may be constrained by the time budget.

Perhaps the refinement steps with SLSQP are not sufficient, and using more advanced algorithms or more iterations could help. But with the time budget being 100 seconds, the code must balance between the number of iterations and the time.

Another possibility is to use a different optimization library or method. For example, using the COBYLA method in scipy.optimize, which handles bounds and constraints. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which may be suitable.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution (DE) for global optimization, followed by SLSQP for local refinement. DE is good for finding approximate solutions, but might not find the global optimum. Perhaps using a combination of methods could help, like using a genetic algorithm first, then a local optimizer. However, the code already does that.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guesses are not diverse enough. The previous code includes several generated functions, but maybe adding more variations. For example, using different waveforms like square waves, or combinations of multiple pulses.

Another idea: instead of using fixed functions, generate initial guesses based on the current best solution. But since the user hasn't provided that, it's not possible.

Alternatively, the code could generate initial guesses by perturbing the initial_h_values. For example, adding small random noise to the initial guess and then optimizing from there.

But this is already implicitly done in the code by including the random uniform guesses.

Hmm. Maybe the best way forward is to try to improve the code by adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP steps, ensuring that they are optimized for the problem. For example, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters in DE to find better solutions. Also, increasing the number of generations or iterations, but within the time budget.

Also, the code uses a fixed number of iterations for DE and refinement. Maybe increasing the number of generations or the refinement steps could lead to better results.

Another thought: the current code's refinement steps use SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Perhaps allowing more iterations could help, but this depends on the time available.

Alternatively, the code could use a different method for refinement, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is derivative-free and might be more robust.

But the user's code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method, but may struggle with the non-smooth objective.

Another angle: the problem has a lot of symmetry. For example, the optimal function might be symmetric around the midpoint of the interval. So, initializing the search with symmetric functions could lead to better results.

The previous code's initial guesses include functions like triangles and pulses. Perhaps adding more symmetric functions to the initial guesses could help.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed n_points (45), maybe trying different values. However, the user says that smaller n is preferred for speed, so maybe sticking with n=45 is better.

But perhaps the initial_h_values is a 45-sample array. If it's the current best, maybe using that as the starting point and refining it further would be better.

Alternatively, generating more initial guesses based on the initial_h_values. For example, by applying some transformation, like smoothing or adjusting the values to create variations.

But again, without knowing what initial_h_values exactly is, it's hard to say. However, the user says that the initial_h_values is a global variable, and not to redefine it.

Another thing to consider: the code may be stuck in a local optimum. So, trying different initial guesses is crucial. The previous code has several initial guesses, including random ones. However, maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help break out of local optima.

But how to generate them algorithmically. For example, using different waveforms, varying frequencies and duty cycles.

Alternatively, using a combination of sine waves with different frequencies and phases. For example, creating a function that is a sum of sine waves, which could have a more complex shape and possibly better overlap properties.

But transforming this into code requires functions that generate such waveforms.

Another idea: using a Fourier series approach. Since the optimal function is a step function, perhaps its Fourier coefficients have certain properties that can be minimized. However, this is more of a theoretical approach and translating it into an algorithm is non-trivial.

Alternatively, since the problem is a minimax problem, perhaps using a gradient-based optimization where the gradients are approximated via finite differences. But this is what SLSQP already does.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best way to proceed is to tweak the previous code's parameters, add more initial guesses, and ensure that the optimization steps are as thorough as possible within the budget.

So, in the code, adjusting the number of guesses, the parameters of differential evolution, and increasing the number of refinement steps.

For example, in the previous code, the differential evolution runs for maxiter=70, with popsize=100. Maybe increasing the popsize or adjusting mutation parameters could help find better solutions. Also, the number of refinement steps could be increased, or the number of guesses.

Another point: the code uses a fixed number of guesses. Maybe generating more guesses by varying parameters.

Alternatively, using a more efficient method for initial guesses. For example, using a combination of a regular grid and randomized perturbations.

In conclusion, to improve the code, I can:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, such as different waveforms with varied parameters.
2. Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP optimizations to allow for more thorough searching.
3. Increase the number of refinement steps to further improve the solution.
4. Ensure that the objective function is correctly computed, though this may be already handled.

Now, translating these into code changes. The current code's guess generation includes pulse, saw, triangle functions with certain frequencies and duty cycles, plus random guesses. To make it more diverse, maybe adding more functions.

But the code already includes several. To add more, perhaps generate more functions with different frequencies or add other waveform types. However, to avoid code bloat, the code might be simplified.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values as the first guess, and then generate other guesses based on that. For example, creating a version that is smoother or more bumpy.

But given the time, I'll proceed to adjust the previous code to try a better initial guess, adjust the DE parameters, and increase the refinement steps.

So, in the code, perhaps use more initial guesses, adjust the differential evolution parameters (like mutation and recombination), and use more refinement steps.

For example, changing the mutation parameters to (0.3, 0.95), increasing the popsize to 200, and allowing more generations.

Alternatively, reducing the number of guesses to save time, but ensuring that the best initial guesses are used.

But the previous code already uses a fair number of guesses. Maybe the main issue is not the number of guesses, but the refinement steps.

So, the modified code would:

- Keep the same structure but tweak parameters.
- Increase the number of iterations in the differential evolution loop.
- Add more refinement steps.

Also, maybe adding more generated functions as initial guesses.

Another thing to try is to use the initial_h_values as one of the guesses and then generate others based on perturbing it.

But given the time, I think the best way is to adjust the previous code's parameters and structure to try to find better solutions.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    def gen_saw2(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x) * 0.5 + 0.5, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 8):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    guesses.append(gen_saw2(3, 0.5))
    guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))
    guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(2, 0.3))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(7):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```