<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code tried using different optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, I should understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0, 2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap when shifted. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The lower the C₅, the better.

The previous solution used a starting guess with 45 points and tried various pulse, sawtooth, and triangle wave patterns. Then it used SLSQP and differential evolution for optimization. But maybe we can do better.

Hmm. Maybe using a different initial guess could help avoid local optima. For example, maybe a more uniform distribution? Or perhaps a pattern that's more optimal for the overlap. The initial_h_values might not be the best starting point. Also, the previous code used a fixed number of points, maybe increasing the number of points could lead to better solutions? But the user prefers smaller sequences with less than 1k samples, so maybe 45 is okay, but maybe trying with more points could be better. Wait, the current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876, so a very small improvement.

Alternative idea: Instead of using a step function, perhaps model h as a piecewise linear function or use some symmetry. But since h is a step function, maybe using a structure that's symmetric or has certain periodicity could help.

Another approach: Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe using a greedy algorithm where at each step, adjust h to reduce the worst-case overlap. But greedy methods might not find the global minimum.

Alternatively, maybe use a genetic algorithm with a better mutation strategy. Or use a combination of different optimization methods. Also, the previous code tried to generate multiple initial guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help.

Wait, the current code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the population size could help, but that might take more time.

Another thought: The overlap integral is similar to cross-correlation. The maximum over all shifts. So perhaps the problem is related to the concept of a binary sequence with certain autocorrelation properties. Maybe some known sequences in coding theory or signal processing could be adapted here.

But since h is a step function, maybe it's better to think of it as a binary sequence with certain properties. However, the step function can take any values between 0 and 1, not just 0 and 1, which might allow for more flexibility.

Wait, the previous code used a 45-point initial guess. Let's see, the target is to get C5 below 0.380876. The current record is 0.38085, so the target is slightly higher. So even a small improvement would be useful.

Maybe the key is to improve the initial guess. The previous code used various pulse and triangle functions. Maybe trying to create a more optimal initial guess. For example, using a "sawtooth" pattern that has lower maximum overlap.

Alternatively, using a pattern that is periodic in a way that the shifted versions have minimal overlap. Like a binary sequence with low autocorrelation.

Wait, the problem is a bit different from usual autocorrelation. Here, for each shift k, we integrate h(x) (1 - h(x +k)). For certain k, this could be large. The maximum over all k is what we want to minimize.

So, perhaps choosing h such that it's spread out in such a way that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much. Maybe a more uniform distribution.

But how to model this? Maybe using a function that is piecewise constant with specific intervals, arranged so that their shifts don't overlap much.

Another thought: Since the integral over the entire [0, 2] is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So, maybe the optimal function has regions where it's 1 and 0, arranged in such a way that when shifted, the overlapping regions are minimized.

But how to model that? Maybe using a set of intervals where h is 1, and the rest 0. The number of such intervals could vary. For example, if there are m intervals of length l, then m*l = 1, so m = 1/l. But since the total length is 2, perhaps that's not directly applicable.

Alternatively, the function h is made of multiple segments with different values, but since the previous code uses step functions, maybe the idea is to model h as a combination of different pulses.

Another approach: Since the correlation is calculated between h and 1 - h shifted by k, perhaps the maximum occurs when the shift k is such that the overlap between h and 1-h is maximized. So, maybe we need to ensure that for all k, the overlap (integral) is as small as possible.

But how to model this? Maybe using a more structured approach, such as defining regions where h is 1, and ensuring that these regions are spaced apart so that their shifts don't overlap much.

Wait, perhaps using a binary sequence where the 1s are placed in a way that their shifts don't overlap. But since we can have fractional values, maybe a better approach is to use a more continuous distribution.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a resource allocation: the integral of h is 1, so we need to allocate 1 unit of "mass" over [0, 2]. For any shift k, the overlap between h and 1 - h(k) is the mass of h where h(x) is 1 and (1 - h(x +k)) is 1, i.e., where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. So, the overlap integral is the integral over x where h(x) = 1 and h(x +k) = 0, and similarly for other values. But since h is a step function, maybe we can model this as overlapping intervals.

But this seems complex. Maybe the previous approach is better, but perhaps with some modifications.

In the previous code, the initial guesses included various waveforms. But maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using different frequencies and duty cycles. Also, the code uses a differential evolution step, which might need more iterations or population sizes, but within the time budget.

Another idea: Maybe use a better optimization method. For instance, using a more sophisticated local optimizer after differential evolution. Alternatively, parameterizing the function h as a combination of segments and optimizing the positions and widths of these segments.

But how to implement that efficiently. For example, if h is composed of m intervals where it is 1 and the rest 0, then we could model the problem with variables for the start and end of each interval. However, with m intervals, the number of variables would be 2m, and the constraints would be that the total area is 1. But optimizing this could be complex.

Alternatively, using a structured approach where the function h has certain symmetry or periodicity. For instance, if h is symmetric around 1.0, then shifting by certain amounts might lead to lower overlap.

But how to model that. Maybe the previous code can be modified by adding more initial guesses that are symmetric or have certain patterns.

Another thought: The current code's initial guess is from initial_h_values (n=45), which might be a specific construction. If we can generate a better initial guess, that would help.

Wait, the user mentioned that the initial_h_values might be available, and we should reference it directly. So maybe the current code's initial guess is not optimal, and generating a better initial guess could lead to better results.

Alternatively, perhaps trying different optimization algorithms. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe combining them with a better setup.

Another approach: Since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, perhaps using a multi-objective optimization approach, but that's tricky.

Alternatively, the problem can be seen as a convex optimization problem? However, the max of concave functions would be non-convex, so it's not straightforward.

But given that we're using numerical optimization, maybe the previous approach is the best, but with some tweaks.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code uses scipy.optimize's SLSQP and differential evolution. The main steps are: generate initial guesses, optimize them, and then refine. Maybe the number of iterations is not enough. For example, the differential evolution runs for 50 iterations, but maybe more is needed, but within the time budget.

Alternatively, use more efficient optimization steps, such as using a gradient-based method with better initial guesses.

Another idea: Since the overlap integral is the max over k of the correlation, which is the same as the maximum over all possible shifts. The maximum could occur at specific shifts, perhaps the ones that are multiples of the function's period.

But without knowing the structure of h, it's hard to predict.

Alternatively, perhaps the maximum overlap occurs when k is such that the shift brings a part of h into another part of h. For example, if the function is too clustered, shifting by certain amounts will cause overlap.

So, the goal is to arrange h such that these overlaps are minimized.

Maybe using a more spread-out structure. For example, if h is a series of narrow pulses placed at different positions, their shifts would cause minimal overlap.

But how to model this. Maybe the previous code's approach of generating pulses with different frequencies and duty cycles is a good start.

Another thought: The previous code uses the same n_points (45). Maybe trying with more points could lead to better solutions. For example, if we double the number of points to 90, but that would take more time. However, the problem says to prefer smaller sequences, so maybe sticking with 45 is better.

Alternatively, maybe there are certain patterns that can be generated with a smaller number of points. For example, using a structured approach like dividing the interval into equal segments and setting h to 1 in certain segments.

But the initial code may already be trying that.

Another idea: The previous code uses random initial guesses, but perhaps generating more structured random initial guesses could help. For example, instead of completely random, use a certain pattern with randomness added.

But this is similar to what the current code does.

Perhaps the key is to improve the initial guesses. Let's think: what are the current initial guesses? The code includes:

- gen_pulses with various frequencies and duty cycles
- gen_saw with different duty cycles
- gen_triangle with different duty cycles
- gen_random

Maybe generating more initial guesses, like using different types of waveforms, including cosine-shaped or other functions. Or modifying the existing ones to have different parameters.

Alternatively, trying to use a combination of pulse and triangle waves for better overlap.

But how to implement that efficiently.

Another thought: The current approach uses multiple optimization steps. Maybe combining differential evolution with a more powerful local optimizer, like SLSQP, with more iterations.

Also, the code uses a fixed number of iterations for optimization. Maybe increasing the number of iterations would help, but again, time is limited.

Another possible improvement: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, which are all over the same domain, perhaps the optimization can be done with a better objective function. For example, using a penalty method where the objective is the maximum of the correlations, and then using the optimization to minimize that.

But that's what the code is already doing.

Another idea: the current code computes the correlation for the full mode, which gives the convolution. But the maximum C5 is the maximum over k of the correlation at shift k. But the full mode of np.correlate gives the correlations for all possible shift values. So the code is correct.

But maybe the way of evaluating the correlation is computationally intensive. Could that be optimized? For example, using FFT-based convolution, but the code is using numpy's correlate function, which is efficient enough.

Hmm. So, perhaps the previous code is already using efficient methods, but the optimization is not sufficient.

Another thought: Maybe the code can be modified to use a different initial guess. For example, generating a more optimal initial guess by using a specific pattern. For instance, a binary sequence with low autocorrelation, but adjusted for the step function.

Alternatively, using a construction inspired by the known optimal solutions for similar problems. For example, the known best known C₅ is 0.38085, which is achieved by a certain construction. Maybe the initial_h_values is based on that, but we can tweak it further.

But without knowing the exact construction, it's hard to say. However, the user mentioned that the previous code achieved a C₅ of 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. So even a small improvement is needed.

Perhaps there's a way to improve the optimization process. For example, using more sophisticated parameter tuning for the optimization algorithms, or using a different method.

Wait, the code uses SLSQP with 'ftol' of 1e-11. Maybe that's too strict, causing slow convergence. Or maybe the constraints are not being properly handled.

Another idea: Since the problem has a constraint (the integral of h is 1), and the objective is to minimize the maximum correlation, maybe using a different optimization strategy, such as a penalty method where the objective is the maximum correlation plus a penalty term for violating the constraint.

But the code already uses a constraint in the SLSQP method, so that's handled.

Alternatively, using a different optimizer, such as COBYLA or Nelder-Mead, which might be more efficient for this problem.

But again, without testing, it's hard to tell.

Another possible approach: The problem resembles a resource allocation problem where each shift's overlap must be minimized. Maybe using a gradient-based method with a more effective objective.

But again, without knowing the exact gradient, it's difficult.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum of the correlations can be modeled as a function that can be approximated, and using a metaheuristic to find the minimum.

But I'm not sure.

Another idea: The previous code uses multiple initial guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves), but maybe generating more structured initial guesses could help. For example, using a combination of pulses with varying positions and widths.

For instance, generating a set of initial guesses where the function h is composed of several pulses arranged to minimize the overlap. But how to generate that algorithmically.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with a mutation strategy that preserves certain properties.

But implementing a genetic algorithm may be time-consuming, especially within the time budget.

Alternatively, the code could use a smarter way to generate initial guesses. For example, for the initial_h_values, maybe it's a specific pattern that's not optimal. If we can create a better initial guess, perhaps by modifying it.

But without knowing the exact structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to know.

Another thought: Maybe the code can be optimized by reducing the number of parameters or changing the way the initial guesses are generated. For example, using a multivariate approach where each initial guess is generated with a parameter that controls the frequency or duty cycle.

But the current code already does that.

Another possible improvement: The code uses 45 points. Maybe trying with a different number of points could yield better results. For example, using 60 points might allow for more precise adjustments. But the user prefers smaller sequences, so maybe 45 is acceptable.

Alternatively, trying multiple numbers of points and choosing the best.

But again, this might not be feasible within the time budget.

Another idea: The previous code uses a fixed number of iterations for SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a more aggressive search space could help. For example, in the differential evolution step, increasing the maxiter from 50 to 100, but this would take more time.

However, the code has a budget of 100 seconds, so time management is crucial.

Given all these considerations, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code by generating more diverse initial guesses, increasing the number of iterations for the optimization steps, and using different methods or parameters.

Alternatively, using a combination of different initial guesses, such as more random ones, and more structured ones.

Let me think about how to adjust the code. The previous code uses a few different functions to generate initial guesses. Maybe expanding that to include more types of functions or more parameters for the existing ones.

For example, adding more frequencies for the pulses, or varying the duty cycle more. Also, generating more random initial guesses.

Another possibility is to use a more sophisticated method for the initial guesses, such as generating them based on some mathematical properties that could lead to lower overlap.

Alternatively, perhaps a better way to generate the initial guesses is to use a combinatorial approach, like placing pulses in certain positions that are calculated to minimize overlap.

But without knowing the exact positions, it's difficult.

In conclusion, the main possible improvements to the previous code are:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses (e.g., more waveforms, more parameters).
2. Increase the number of iterations for the optimization steps within the time budget.
3. Use different optimization methods or parameters for better convergence.
4. Explore different numbers of points (but preferably smaller sequences).
5. Improve the initial guess by using a better structure.

But given the time constraints and code requirements, I need to adjust the previous code in a way that's manageable.

So, in the code, perhaps:

- Increase the number of initial guesses by adding more patterns.
- Use a more aggressive differential evolution setup.
- Increase the number of refinement steps.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods, such as using a lower ftol value for better convergence.

However, making the code too complex might exceed the token limit. So I need to keep it concise.

Another idea: Since the current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, maybe combining them in a way that uses differential evolution to find a good initial guess and then SLSQP to refine it further.

Alternatively, using the previous approach but with more iterations and better subtle adjustments.

Another possible tweak is to use a different initial guess. For example, using a sinusoidal waveform that's designed to have low overlap. For instance, a sine wave that's modulated to have certain properties.

But how to generate that.

Alternatively, in the 'gen_pulses' function, maybe increasing the number of frequencies or varying them more.

In the previous code, the frequencies are from 3 to 8, which might be a good range.

Another thing: the code uses a loop to generate guesses, but could that be optimized by using more varied functions.

In summary, the modified code would include the previous approach but with more initial guesses and more aggressive optimization steps.

But given the code's constraints, I need to implement these changes.

Also, the user wants the code to be compact, under 300 lines and 12k characters. So the previous code is already quite lengthy, but perhaps I can make minor changes to improve the solution.

For example, in the previous code, the initial guesses are generated with frequencies 3 to 8, but maybe adding more frequencies could help. Also, the number of guesses could be increased.

Alternatively, in the code, the 'guesses' list could have more entries, such as adding more random guesses, or different structured guesses.

Another idea: Using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, generating multiple random guesses with different parameter setups.

But the code already includes some random guesses.

Another possible improvement is to use a better initial guess. For example, using the initial_h_values, but modifying it slightly. However, since the initial_h_values is provided, perhaps using that as the initial guess and then optimizing it further.

But that might not help if the initial guess is already suboptimal.

In conclusion, the best approach is to modify the previous code by increasing the number of initial guesses, tweaking the optimization parameters, and using more sophisticated methods. However, since the code is already complex, I will proceed to adjust the code as much as possible within the constraints.

The final code would look similar to the previous one but with more initial guesses, possibly more iterations, and possibly some changes in the way the initial guesses are generated. For example, adding more random guesses or more structured guesses.

Additionally, I'll adjust the time management to ensure that the code runs within the budget.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=60,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 70, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(8):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```