<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get even lower, like 0.380876. The previous approach used a combination of initial guesses and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. My goal is to find a better construction.

First, I should think about the problem. The overlap integral is maximized over all shifts k, and we want to minimize this maximum. The function h(x) is a step function over [0,2] with integral 1. So, it's a probability distribution over the interval. The challenge is to arrange the support of h such that when you slide it over the interval, the overlap with itself (after subtracting) is minimized.

The previous code used initial guesses based on pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Then it optimized using SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's room for improvement. Let me think about different strategies.

One idea is to use a more structured approach, like a periodic function or a piecewise constant function with specific patterns. Since the interval is [0,2], maybe a function that is symmetric or has certain periodic properties could be better. For example, maybe using a function that has multiple regions where h(x) is 0 or 1, arranged to spread out overlaps.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal solution has certain symmetries. For example, the function might be periodic with some period that divides 2, but given that the integral is 1, it's not straightforward. Alternatively, maybe the optimal function has several peaks and valleys arranged to prevent overlapping too much.

The initial H_VALUES was 45 samples. Maybe using a larger number of points could help, but the problem says that smaller sequences (under 1k) are preferred for speed. However, maybe the current approach is bottlenecked by the initial guess. So perhaps starting with a better initial guess is important.

Another approach could be to use a genetic algorithm, which is a population-based optimization method. It might avoid getting stuck in local minima better than SLSQP or DE. However, the previous code used differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe combining them with more sophisticated mutations or crossover strategies could help.

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of a convolution, perhaps there's a way to model this as a convex optimization problem. But the objective is non-convex, so that might not be feasible. However, maybe using a more efficient optimization method, like a gradient-based approach with better step sizes, could help.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP with constraints, which works well for certain problems. But maybe the initial guess is not good enough. Perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could lead to better results. For instance, varying the frequency and duty cycle of the pulses, or other waveforms, might yield better starting points.

Another idea: since the overlap is a convolution, maybe the optimal h is such that the convolution with itself is minimized. This is similar to a signal processing problem where you want to minimize the maximum autocorrelation. In that case, certain window functions like the Dolph-Chebyshev window are used. Maybe those could be adapted here. However, those are typically used for minimizing the maximum sidelobes in a window, which is related but not the same problem.

Alternatively, perhaps using a ternary function, where h(x) takes on three values (like 0, a, 1), which might allow for better control over the overlap. But this would complicate the optimization.

Another angle: the problem is similar to designing a binary or multi-level signal with certain properties. Since the current code uses step functions, maybe trying different patterns like alternating 0s and 1s with some spacing, or other periodic structures, could lead to better results.

Wait, the initial code uses a lot of different waveforms. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, generating different pulse shapes, triangle waves, or even random functions with specific properties. Also, considering that the current best is around 0.38, trying to push that lower by a small margin requires more precise optimization.

Let me think about the previous code's structure. It starts with the initial H_VALUES, then generates various guesses based on frequencies and duty cycles, then applies optimization methods. The problem is that the initial guesses might not be optimal, and the optimization might get stuck in local minima.

Perhaps introducing more sophisticated mutation strategies in differential evolution, or using a combination of methods. Also, maybe using a hybrid approach where initial optimization is done with a global method (like DE) and then local refinement with SLSQP.

Another thing: when generating guesses, the code uses frequencies up to 8, but perhaps higher frequencies could help in creating more complex patterns that minimize overlap. However, with limited time, trying higher frequencies might not be feasible.

Alternatively, maybe focusing on specific structures. For example, a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged in a way that overlapping shifts don't have much overlap. For instance, if the function has multiple regions of high and low values spaced apart.

But how to generate such structures algorithmically? Perhaps using a regular pattern with certain spacing. For example, placing intervals of 1 and 0 in a periodic way, but ensuring the integral is 1.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is 1 over [0,2], the average value of h is 1/2. So maybe a function that has regions where it's 0 or 1, but with a balance to maintain the integral. For example, alternating between 1 and 0 with certain lengths.

But how to design that? Let's think of a simple case: suppose h(x) is 1 for intervals of length a, and 0 otherwise. Since the integral is 1, the total length of 1 regions must be 1. For example, if there are two intervals, each of length 0.5, separated by some distance. But this would lead to certain overlaps when shifted.

But this is getting a bit too abstract. Maybe trying to model the problem with more structured initial guesses. For instance, creating functions with specific numbers of peaks or valleys.

Another idea: the current code uses a lot of frequencies and duty cycles, but maybe varying the frequency in a more systematic way, or generating functions that are combinations of different waveforms.

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm approach with a population of candidate solutions, where each solution is a vector of h values, and the fitness is the maximum overlap integral. Then, the algorithm would evolve the population over generations, using crossover and mutation. However, implementing a genetic algorithm might be more complex and may take more time, but given the time constraints, maybe it's worth trying.

But the previous code already uses DE. Maybe combining DE with some local optimization steps could help.

Another thing to consider is that the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=45), but maybe using a different number of points could yield better results. However, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred, but maybe a longer sequence (up to 1k) could be better. However, the user's previous code used 45 points, and the current code is supposed to return the same n_points. Wait, but the problem allows for any n_points under 1k, so maybe experimenting with different n_points could help. However, since the initial code uses 45, maybe sticking with that is better for speed.

Alternatively, using a different number of points, but that requires more careful consideration. For example, if n_points is 90, the dx would be 2/90 = 0.0222, which might allow for finer control.

But without knowing the exact path forward, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code. For instance, generating more diverse initial guesses, using better optimization strategies, or adjusting the parameters of the existing methods.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed number of guesses, perhaps use a more adaptive approach where the guesses are generated based on some heuristics. For example, generating functions with varying frequencies and duty cycles, or other waveforms, and then optimizing them.

Also, considering that the current code uses a limited number of initial guesses, maybe adding more guesses, such as different combinations of functions, could help. For example, adding functions that are combinations of pulses and triangles, or other more complex shapes.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a covering problem, where the function h needs to avoid overlapping too much with its shifted versions. So, maybe using a function that is designed to spread out its mass as much as possible over [0,2], so that when shifted, any overlap is minimized.

But how to translate that into a function? Maybe using a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, with the intervals placed in such a way that shifts don't align them. For example, placing intervals of 1 at positions that are spaced apart, but ensuring that the total length of 1's is 1.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 in a single interval, but that's probably not optimal because sliding it over would cause overlap.

Perhaps another approach is to use a function that is 1 in multiple intervals, arranged to minimize overlap when shifted. For example, two intervals of length 0.5, spaced such that shifting by the distance between them would cause the overlap to be minimized.

But then, when you shift by that distance, the overlap would be the sum of the intersections of the first interval with the second one. So, for example, if the two intervals are placed with a gap, shifting by the gap would create no overlap. But for other shifts, there would be some overlap. However, the maximum overlap would depend on the spacing.

But designing such intervals optimally might be complex. For instance, if you have three intervals, each of length 1/3, spaced apart, but that's getting complicated.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal solution for C₅ is known to be around 0.38, perhaps trying to find a function that achieves this lower bound. But how?

Given the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to enhance the existing code by:

1. Generating more diverse initial guesses.
2. Using a more efficient optimization strategy.
3. Refining the solution further with more local optimization steps.

Let me think about modifying the initial code. For instance, adding more types of waveforms. The current code uses pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more types like square waves, or modulated signals, or other periodic functions.

Alternatively, generating functions based on some optimal parameters. For example, using a sine wave with certain frequencies, or other functions that have known properties.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed frequency range (3-8), but perhaps exploring frequencies beyond that could yield better results. However, with limited time, it's better to use existing parameters.

Another idea is to use a more sophisticated mutation strategy in differential evolution. The current code uses a mutation parameter of (0.5, 0.95), but maybe adjusting this could yield better results. Also, increasing the population size or mutation rate might help, but that could take more time.

Alternatively, combining differential evolution with local optimization (like SLSQP) in a better way. For instance, after finding a good candidate with DE, refine it with SLSQP.

Another possible improvement is to use a different initial guess. For example, the current code starts with the initial_h_values, then generates other guesses. Maybe generating a better initial guess based on some mathematical reasoning.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, which is a known starting point. Maybe the best approach is to use this as a starting point and then perturb it in some way. For example, adding small variations to it and then optimizing.

Alternatively, using a simplex method for optimization, but the current code uses SLSQP and DE.

Another angle: since the overlap integral depends on the convolution, maybe the optimal function is such that the maximum of the convolution is minimized. This is similar to the concept of a "optimal" window function in signal processing. For example, the Chebyshev window minimizes the maximum sidelobes. Maybe adapting such a window to the problem.

However, the Chebyshev window is designed for minimizing the maximum deviation from zero in the sidelobes, which is similar to what we need here. Maybe constructing a window function that has a minimal maximum overlap when shifted. If this window's properties can be adapted to our problem, it could lead to a better solution.

But how to model that? For instance, a Chebyshev window of length 2, with certain parameters. However, the specifics would require some mathematical formulation.

Alternatively, perhaps using a window that is 1 in certain regions and 0 elsewhere, arranged to have the minimal maximum overlap. For example, placing the 1 regions in such a way that their overlaps are minimized when shifted by any k. This seems like a covering problem with geometric constraints.

But without concrete mathematical tools, this might be challenging. So perhaps focusing on the code implementation.

Another idea: in the previous code, when refining, it applies SLSQP for 200 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could yield better results. Similarly, increasing the number of DE iterations or population size.

Also, the code uses a fixed number of guesses, but maybe generating more guesses could help. For example, adding more frequency ranges, or different duty cycles, or other waveforms.

Another thought: the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap. The overlap for a given shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)), which is the same as the expectation of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) over x (since the integral over x is 1). This can also be thought of as the integral of h(x) - h(x)h(x +k), which is the same as the integral of h(x) minus the integral of h(x)h(x+k). Since the integral of h(x) is 1, the overlap integral is 1 - integral of h(x)h(x+k). So, minimizing the maximum overlap is equivalent to maximizing the minimal integral of h(x)h(x +k). 

This suggests that the problem is equivalent to maximizing the minimal value of the cross-correlation between h and itself. So, perhaps using techniques from cross-correlation maximization could be helpful.

But again, how to translate that into an optimization strategy.

Another approach could be to model this as a convex optimization problem. However, since the maximum of the convolution is non-convex, it's not straightforward. But maybe using a convex relaxation or other approximations.

But given the time, perhaps the best way is to refine the existing code by:

1. Using more diverse initial guesses.
2. Using more advanced optimization parameters.
3. Applying multiple rounds of refinement.

Let me think about how to implement this. For example, in the code, the initial guesses are generated with pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Maybe adding more types like square waves or other modulated functions.

Alternatively, using a combination of functions. For example, generating functions that are combinations of different waveforms.

But for code brevity, perhaps generating more diverse functions by varying parameters. For example, in the previous code, the pulses and sawtooth are generated with frequencies between 3-8 and duty cycles of 0.2 to 0.5. Maybe adding more frequencies or more duty cycles could help.

Also, the code uses a small number of guesses. Perhaps increasing the number of guesses to explore more of the solution space.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient optimization method. For instance, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm for some initial steps, then switching to SLSQP.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to guide the search, but that might be complex to implement within the time.

Considering the time budget, perhaps focusing on the following changes:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses by increasing the number of frequencies and duty cycles.
- Adjust the parameters of DE (such as population size, mutation rates, etc.) to find better solutions.
- Increase the number of refinement steps with SLSQP.

Let me try to implement these changes.

First, in the current code, the initial guesses are generated with frequencies from 3 to 8, and duty cycles of 0.2 to 0.5. Maybe extending the frequency range to include more values, or adding more duty cycles.

For example, adding frequencies from 1 to 10, and duty cycles from 0.1 to 0.6. This would generate more diverse functions.

Also, the code uses a fixed number of guesses. Maybe adding more guesses by varying other parameters, like the type of waveform.

Another idea: include a square wave, which is a special case of a pulse wave with duty cycle 0.5. The current code already has a pulses function with 0.5 duty, but maybe including a square wave as a separate guess.

Alternatively, generating functions with different shapes, such as a sine wave modulated with a square wave.

But for the code's complexity, perhaps sticking to the existing waveforms but adding more variation.

Also, the code uses DE for a limited number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of DE iterations or allowing more generations.

Another idea: after generating initial guesses, using a more aggressive optimization method, like using SLSQP with tighter tolerances, to refine the solutions further.

In the previous code, after the initial guesses, it runs DE and then SLSQP for refinement. But maybe adjusting the parameters of DE, such as increasing the population size or the number of iterations, could help.

Now, putting all this together, here's a possible approach for the code:

- Generate more initial guesses with varied parameters (more frequencies, more duty cycles).
- Use DE with increased population size and more iterations.
- Refine with SLSQP using more optimization steps.
- Use better optimization parameters, like tighter tolerances.

Additionally, considering that the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but the code starts with that. So, perhaps starting with the initial guess and then doing a more thorough optimization.

But the previous code already uses the initial_h_values as the first guess. So, maybe that's already accounted for.

Another point: the previous code checks if the time is running out and breaks early. Maybe adjusting the timing parameters to allow more DE iterations or refinement steps before time runs out.

Putting all this together, the code needs to:

- Generate more initial guesses.
- Use DE with more iterations.
- Use SLSQP with more optimization steps.
- Refine the best solution with more iterations.

So, modifying the code to generate more guesses, adjust DE parameters, and increase the number of refinement steps.

Now, translating this into code changes.

For example, in the code's guesses section:

- Add more frequencies for pulses and sawtooth.
- Add more duty cycles for these waveforms.
- Add more random guesses.

For instance, changing frequencies from 3-8 to 1-10, and duty cycles from 0.1 to 0.9.

Also, in the DE steps, increasing the number of iterations.

Another thing: the DE uses popsize=100, which might be too large for the time budget. Maybe reducing the population size to 50 and increasing the number of iterations could help.

In the previous code, DE is run for 50 iterations. Maybe increasing that to 100 or so.

Also, the refine steps are run 5 times, but maybe increasing this number.

Another thing: the code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. Perhaps adding other starting points, like a uniform distribution or other patterns.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values as the first guess and then perturb it slightly to create new guesses.

But for the sake of code brevity, perhaps focusing on increasing the number of guesses and adjusting the DE parameters.

Another possible change: using a different optimization method for some steps, like using a global search followed by a local search.

In summary, the revised code would:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses.
- Use DE with more iterations and larger population size.
- Use SLSQP with more iterations and tighter tolerances.
- Refine the solution multiple times.

Now, implementing these changes in the code.

But considering the token limit and code brevity, I need to write the code efficiently. The previous code already had a structure, so modifying that.

So, in the code, the guesses section can be expanded with more frequencies and duty cycles. For example:

for freq in range(1, 10):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))

This would generate more diverse guesses. Also, adding more random guesses.

Also, increasing the number of DE iterations and population size. For example, in the DE call:

res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)

And in the refine steps, increasing the number of iterations.

Also, perhaps using more aggressive options for SLSQP, like higher maxiter.

Another change: in the previous code, the refine function is called 5 times. Perhaps increasing this number to 10.

Additionally, the initial guess might be better if we use the initial_h_values and then generate other guesses based on that. However, the code already does that.

Now, writing the code with these changes.

Also, considering that the current code uses SLSQP with maxiter=200, maybe increasing that to 500 for more refinement.

Another addition: using a more efficient initial guess. For example, using the initial_h_values and then perturbing it slightly.

But given the time, perhaps the best way is to adjust the code as described.

Finally, ensuring that the code stays within the token limit and runs within the time budget.

Now, putting all this into code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(1, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(7):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```