<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution with some initial guesses. The current best is around 0.38085, but the target is 0.380876. So the goal is to find a better solution that's even lower.

First, I need to understand the problem again. The task is to find a step function h: [0,2] → [0,1] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by k. The integral is computed as the correlation between h and 1-h, multiplied by dx. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and each h[i] is between 0 and 1.

The previous approach used a starting point from initial_h_values (n=45), then tried various guesses like pulses, sawtooth, triangles, and random. Then applied SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. But maybe there's a better way to approach this.

Hmm. What if I can find a better initial guess? The previous code used some generated functions, but maybe there's a different pattern or structure that could be more optimal. For example, maybe using a more complex waveform or a more efficient allocation of the 1's in h.

Another thought: the problem resembles a covering problem where we want to distribute the mass of h such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. So maybe splitting the interval into segments where h is 1 and 0 in a way that minimizes the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more structured optimization approach. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, so maybe getting stuck in local minima. Maybe using a global optimizer like differential evolution with better parameters or a different strategy would help.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution in parallel with SLSQP. Maybe I can tweak the parameters of differential evolution, like mutation and recombination rates, to explore the space better. Also, the number of generations and population size.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum over k, maybe focusing the search on the k values that contribute the most to the integral. For example, if we can find the k that gives the maximum overlap, and then optimize h to minimize that specific k's value.

But how to do that? The objective function is the maximum over all k of the integral. So perhaps, instead of optimizing the max, we can try to model this as a min-max problem. But that's probably not straightforward.

Alternatively, maybe using a grid search on the optimal shifts, but with the given constraints.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a finite-dimensional optimization problem. Since the initial code uses n=45 points, which is manageable, but perhaps using a different sample size. Wait, the user mentions that smaller sequences are preferred. The current initial is n=45. Maybe trying a larger n would help? But the budget is tight. Also, the code must run within 100 seconds.

Wait, the previous code uses 45 points, but the sample code for initial_h_values is n=45. Let me check the code again. The previous code uses n_points = len(h), and initial_h_values is the starting point. So perhaps the user wants to explore other starting points for h.

But how? The problem is that the current approach may not find the global minimum. So maybe trying different starting points, such as random, or structured functions like the previous pulses, but with different frequencies or parameters.

Alternatively, maybe using a more sophisticated initial guess. For example, using a better initial guess that's known to be close to optimal. For instance, maybe initializing with a function that has a Fourier series representation with certain coefficients that minimize overlap.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the max overlap, perhaps we can model this as a convex optimization problem. However, the max function is non-convex, making it challenging. But maybe using some approximation techniques or transforming the problem.

Alternatively, considering the integral as a convolution. Since the overlap integral is equivalent to the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. So the problem is to minimize the maximum value of this cross-correlation.

But how to optimize that? Maybe using gradient-based methods, but the non-smooth max function complicates things. However, in practice, the maximum might be achieved at a certain shift, so perhaps the optimizer can focus on that.

Wait, the previous code uses the correlate function with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation for all shifts. The maximum of these is the value of C₅. So, during optimization, we need to minimize that maximum.

But the current code uses a numerical approach with SLSQP and DE. Maybe the problem is that the initial starting points are not very effective. Let me think about the structure of the initial_h_values. If I can generate a better initial guess, perhaps I can find a better solution.

Another thought: since the problem involves shifting the function h, the optimal h might have some symmetry. For example, maybe a symmetric pattern that evenly distributes the ones and zeros to avoid overlaps.

Alternatively, considering the problem in terms of covering the interval [0,2] with regions where h is 1 and 0 such that when shifted, the overlap between h and 1-h is minimized. This sounds like a covering problem, but with shifts.

Wait, the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, which is half of the interval length. So the density of h is 1/2. If we can arrange h in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized, perhaps by placing the 1s in regions that are as spread out as possible.

This might resemble a binary code design where the goal is to maximize the minimum distance between codewords. However, it's a bit different, but maybe similar principles apply.

Perhaps using a periodic pattern. For example, a sawtooth or triangular wave with certain parameters. But the previous code tried some of those.

Alternatively, using a more complex function that has multiple peaks and valleys. For instance, a pattern that has several 1s and 0s arranged in a way that avoids overlapping when shifted.

Another idea: since the current best is around 0.38, perhaps trying to find a structure that could bring this down to 0.38. For example, a more evenly spaced pattern.

Alternatively, considering the problem in terms of Fourier analysis. The maximum overlap might be related to the Fourier transform of h and 1-h. But I'm not sure how to use that directly.

Wait, the Fourier transform of the cross-correlation is the product of the Fourier transforms. So the maximum value of the cross-correlation might relate to the maximum of the product of the Fourier transforms. However, I'm not sure how to use this for optimization.

Another angle: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps using a simulated annealing approach. However, that might be computationally intensive for the given time budget.

Alternatively, trying to use a different optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach could be more efficient, but I'm not sure how to implement that quickly.

Alternatively, the previous code uses a small n (45 points). Maybe trying a larger n? But the user prefers smaller sequences. Also, with n=45, the sample size is manageable.

Wait, the user mentions that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe using n=45 is okay. However, perhaps the initial_h_values is not the best starting point. For example, generating other initial guesses that are diverse.

But the previous code added various guesses like pulses, sawtooth, etc. Maybe generating more initial guesses based on different parameters or combining them.

Alternatively, maybe using a multistart approach with different initial points, such as random ones, but with constraints.

Another thought: the previous code uses the initial_h_values, but maybe there's a way to generate other initial points that could be better. For example, instead of random, using a grid-based approach or a grid of different waveforms.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as a starting point and then trying to perturb it in different directions to find a better minimum.

Another possible improvement: since the previous code uses SLSQP after DE, maybe adjusting the SLSQP parameters to get better convergence. For instance, increasing the number of iterations or using a different tolerance.

Also, the previous code has multiple refinement steps. Maybe combining different optimization techniques or using a hybrid approach.

Wait, the current code uses Differential Evolution (DE) with a population size of 100 and maxiter 70. Then uses SLSQP for refining. Maybe adjusting the DE parameters, like the mutation and recombination rates, or trying different strategies.

Alternatively, trying a different optimization algorithm altogether. For example, using genetic algorithms, but with DE being a type of evolutionary algorithm.

Another idea: the max function in the objective is non-smooth. So the gradient-based optimizers like SLSQP might have trouble. Maybe approximating the max with a smooth function, or using a penalty method.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model that approximates the objective function and uses it for optimization. But that's more complex.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is achieved at certain shifts, maybe focusing on optimizing for a subset of shifts. For example, if we can find which shifts are most critical, and then optimize h to minimize those.

But how to determine which shifts are critical without knowing the optimal h beforehand? That seems like a chicken and egg problem.

Hmm. Maybe trying to compute the gradients of the objective function with respect to h. The problem is that when the maximum is achieved at a particular shift, the gradient would be the derivative of the integral with respect to h at that shift. But since the maximum can change depending on the h, this could get complicated.

Alternatively, using the previous code's approach but with more aggressive optimization steps. For example, increasing the number of iterations in DE or using a higher population size.

Wait, the initial code runs DE for 70 iterations with population 100. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help, but that would take more time. However, the budget is 100 seconds, and the code has to stop before that.

Another idea: using parallel optimization. But with 1 CPU available, that's not possible. So maybe the code is already using as much as possible.

Let me think about the structure of the code again. The code starts with initial_h_values and then generates several other guesses. Then applies SLSQP to each guess, and then uses DE to explore the space. Then refines with SLSQP again.

Perhaps the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. Maybe generating more varied initial guesses. For example, using different waveforms with varying parameters, or generating random points with constraints.

Alternatively, trying to use more sophisticated initial guesses. For example, using a binary pattern with specific intervals.

Another possible improvement: since the current code uses a combination of different waveforms (pulses, saw, triangles), perhaps adding more waveforms or varying the parameters more.

But how to generate these? For example, the generate_pulses function uses sine waves. Maybe varying the frequency and duty cycle more.

Alternatively, trying to use a more complex waveform that has multiple peaks and valleys. For example, a combination of different frequencies.

Alternatively, using a piecewise function with multiple intervals where h is 1 or 0, arranged in a way that avoids overlaps. For instance, placing 1s in non-overlapping intervals when shifted.

But how to model that? It's challenging to find such a pattern without knowing the optimal h.

Perhaps the key is to find a better initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe another structure is better. For instance, a step function that alternates 1 and 0 in a specific pattern.

Alternatively, using a greedy algorithm to distribute the 1s in h so that their shifts don't overlap too much. But this might not be optimal.

Another thought: the current upper bound is C₅ ≤ 0.38085. The target is 0.380876, which is very close. So maybe the solution is to find a slightly better structure than the previous one. For example, a more optimal arrangement of the 1s in h.

Alternatively, considering that the previous code uses n=45 points. Maybe increasing n could lead to a better solution. But the user says smaller sequences are preferred. However, if we can find a good solution with a lower n, that's better. However, the code uses the initial_h_values which is n=45, so maybe trying to stick with that.

Another idea: using a different objective function approximation. For example, instead of using the maximum of the correlations, maybe using a weighted sum or another measure. But that's not the actual problem.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is over x, and when shifted by k, the overlap is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So for each k, we have a value. The maximum over k is C₅. To minimize this, perhaps the optimal h balances the overlaps across all k.

But how to find such a balance? It's a challenging optimization problem.

Another possible approach is to use symmetry. For example, ensuring that the function h has certain symmetries that help minimize overlaps. For example, a symmetric function around the midpoint of [0,2], or other periodic symmetries.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal solution might be a binary function with a certain number of 1s and 0s arranged in a way that minimizes maximum overlap. But how to determine the optimal arrangement?

This is a complex problem, but given the time constraints, the best approach might be to improve the previous code's search strategy by:

1. Using more diverse initial guesses.
2. Adjusting the DE and SLSQP parameters for better convergence.
3. Exploring different optimization methods in parallel.

In the previous code, the initial guesses were generated with various waveforms. But maybe adding more guesses, like random patterns, or using a different approach to generate them.

Alternatively, using a different method to generate initial guesses. For example, generating random 0-1 vectors that sum to the required total (n_points/2) and then applying some smoothing.

Another possible improvement: using the DE algorithm with a smaller population size but more iterations, to explore the space more thoroughly.

Alternatively, combining different optimization steps. For example, using DE to find a good solution, then using SLSQP to refine it, and then applying some other method.

But I need to code this in Python, given the constraints.

So, to modify the previous code:

- Maybe increase the number of initial guesses, or use different types of functions.
- Adjust the DE parameters: mutation rate, recombination, etc.
- Use a different optimization strategy, perhaps with a different method like basin-hopping.

But the code must run within 100 seconds.

Given that, maybe the previous approach is already good, but can be adjusted. For example, using a higher number of DE iterations or a different mutation strategy.

Another idea: since the user wants to start from the initial_h_values, but also explore other starting points, perhaps generating more initial guesses by perturbing the initial_h_values. For example, adding noise to the initial_h_values and seeing how that performs.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values and generating several variations by applying some transformations, like scaling, shifting, or other operations.

Alternatively, trying to use the previous code's approach but with more aggressive DE parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations in DE from 70 to 100, or changing the mutation strategy.

Also, the previous code uses 'SLSQP' with 300 iterations. Maybe reducing that number to save time, but ensuring sufficient refinement.

Another possible optimization: in the previous code, the DE is run 3 times with some iterations. Maybe increasing the number of DE runs or adjusting the popsize.

Also, the code uses the 'full' mode for the correlation. Perhaps checking the correct calculation of the correlation. Wait, the correlation is for all shifts, so the length of the correlation result is 2n-1. But for the original problem, the shifts k can be from -n+1 to n-1, but the integral is computed over the overlapping regions. However, in the code, the 'full' mode returns the correlation for all possible shifts, which is correct.

Another thing to check: the integral is computed as the maximum of the correlations multiplied by dx. The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full' which gives the cross-correlation for all lags, and then multiplies by dx. That seems correct.

So, the code's calculation of the objective function is correct.

Another possible improvement: using the initial_h_values as a starting point, but also generating other initial points by randomizing, and then applying the optimization steps to them.

Alternatively, using the initial guess and then performing a random search around it.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include the initial_h_values, pulses, sawtooth, etc. But perhaps generating more guesses, like random binary vectors that meet the sum constraint.

But generating random binary vectors with sum n_points/2 is possible. However, with n_points=45, n_points/2 is 22.5, which must be an integer. So the sum must be 22 or 23. But for n=45, the required sum is 22.5, which is not possible. Wait, the code says sum(h) * dx = 1, which is equivalent to sum(h) = n_points / 2. But n_points must be even, or the sum can be a float. For example, if n_points is 45, then n_points / 2 is 22.5. So in the code, the sum is set to exactly that value. However, the h is a numpy array of floats. So when generating initial guesses, the code ensures that the sum of h is exactly n_points / 2.

So, for example, in the previous code, the initial_h_values is a float array with sum = 45/2 = 22.5.

So generating other initial guesses with sum exactly n_points/2 is necessary.

In the previous code, the guesses include some generated functions, but perhaps generating more of them, including random ones that meet the sum constraint.

Another idea: generate multiple random initial guesses using a random distribution, then apply DE and SLSQP to each. This could increase the chances of finding a better solution.

But with the time budget, this might be computationally expensive. However, since the code is allowed to stop early if time is up, this could be feasible.

So, to sum up, the steps to improve the code could be:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, including random ones with constraints.
2. Adjust DE parameters to explore the search space better.
3. Use more refinement steps, or different optimization methods.
4. Possibly increase the number of DE iterations or population size.
5. Ensure that all steps are within the time budget.

Now, considering all this, the code can be modified to include more initial guesses, perhaps by adding a random generation step. Also, adjusting the DE parameters for better performance.

Another possible optimization: using the initial_h_values and generating a few random perturbations of it, then optimizing each.

But how to generate these perturbations? For example, adding small random noise to the initial_h_values, ensuring that the sum constraint is maintained.

Alternatively, generating random vectors that meet the sum constraint.

In the previous code, the guesses include random uniform samples. But perhaps adding more such guesses.

In any case, the code must be written within the token limit. So I need to make concise changes to the existing code.

Let me think about modifying the previous code. For example, adding more random guesses, or changing the DE parameters.

Alternatively, trying a different approach. For example, using a random search combined with local optimization. But I need to code this.

But given time constraints, perhaps modifying the previous code to increase the number of DE iterations, and/or use different parameters.

Alternatively, trying to use a different starting point. For example, using a different initial_h_values. But since the user says to start from the current construction (initial_h_values), which is n=45, I can't change that.

But the previous code already uses that.

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization method for the SLSQP step, but I don't see a direct way to do that without changing the method.

Another thought: the current code uses the initial guess and then applies SLSQP to it. Maybe the optimal solution is found by applying more aggressive steps, like using a higher number of iterations in SLSQP, but that could take more time.

Alternatively, the code's refinement steps could be improved by running multiple iterations of SLSQP on the best solution found so far.

In summary, the main points for code improvement would be:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses.
- Adjust DE parameters for better exploration.
- Use more refinement steps with SLSQP or other methods.
- Ensure that the code runs within the time budget by optimizing the hyperparameters.

Now, how to implement this in code.

The original code had some guesses generated from pulses, saw, triangle, and random. Maybe adding more random guesses.

Alternatively, generating a few more random vectors that meet the sum constraint.

So, modifying the code to generate more initial guesses by adding more random vectors.

Another idea: using the 'initial_h_values' as the initial guess and generating other guesses by applying some transformations, like reversing, shifting, or modifying the initial guess.

But for the sake of time, perhaps adding more random guesses.

In code, this could be done by adding more entries to the guesses list, such as:

guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))

But ensuring that the sum is maintained. However, the previous code already has two such random guesses. Maybe adding more.

Alternatively, generating random guesses but then adjusting them to meet the sum constraint. For example, generating a random vector and then scaling it to meet the required sum.

But for a quick fix, perhaps just adding more random guesses.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of DE runs. Maybe increasing that number.

Alternatively, in the code, after finding a good solution, perform more refining steps with SLSQP.

Another thought: using the 'nelder-mead' method for optimization, which is derivative-free and can handle non-smooth functions. But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is gradient-based. So perhaps switching to nelder-mead for certain steps.

But given the time constraints, it's difficult to try multiple methods.

Another possible optimization: using the 'SLSQP' method with a higher number of iterations, but that could take more time. The previous code uses 300 iterations, which is a lot. Maybe reducing that to 100 or 200 to save time.

Alternatively, combining multiple optimization steps.

In conclusion, the main changes to the code would be:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses by adding more random vectors or other structured patterns.

2. Adjust the differential evolution parameters, such as increasing the population size or the number of generations, to better explore the search space.

3. Increase the number of refinement steps with SLSQP to polish the solution further.

4. Ensure that the code runs within the time budget by carefully scheduling the steps and early termination if necessary.

Now, translating these ideas into code modifications.

The previous code's guesses section can be expanded by adding more random guesses. For example, adding three more random guesses.

Also, the DE parameters can be adjusted. For example, changing the mutation strategy or increasing the number of iterations.

In the code, the differential evolution is called with maxiter=70. Perhaps increasing this to 100.

Also, in the refinements, running more SLSQP steps could improve the result.

Now, let me try to code these changes.

The previous code's DE call is:

res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=70,
                                     mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)

Perhaps increasing maxiter to 100.

Also, adding more random guesses, like:

guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))
guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))
guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))

This would add three more random guesses.

Additionally, in the refinement steps, after the DE steps, running more iterations of SLSQP.

So, in the code, after the initial guesses, we can add more random guesses. Then, during the DE steps, run more iterations.

Also, adjusting the DE's mutation parameters to explore the space better.

Another possible change: using a different mutation strategy, like 'best/1' or 'current-to-best/1', but modifying the mutation parameter to (0.8, 1.0) for a higher mutation rate.

But without knowing the exact settings, it's difficult to say.

In summary, the modified code would have:

- More initial guesses (including more random ones).
- DE with higher maxiter and possibly adjusted parameters.
- More refinement steps with SLSQP.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

But since the code must be concise, let me write the modified code accordingly.

I'll proceed to write the code with these modifications.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(3):
        guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points) * 2 - 1)
        guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 1.0), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```