<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP optimization and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess. But the user wants a better approach. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral over shifts k. The current record is around 0.38085, and we need to get lower than that.

The previous code used several guess functions: pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. It then optimized them with SLSQP and DE. But perhaps this is too slow or not effective enough. Maybe we can use a different optimization strategy or better initial guesses.

Wait, the user says that the previous program achieved C₅ bound of 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. So we need to get even lower.

An idea: maybe the current initial guess is not optimal. Let's think about the initial_h_values. If that's provided, we can use it as a starting point. But maybe we can generate better initial guesses by considering patterns that are known to have good overlap properties. For example, using a periodic function with certain symmetries.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, which might not be the fastest. What about using genetic algorithms with more tailored mutation and crossover strategies? Or using gradient-based methods with better hyperparameters?

Another thought: the overlap integral involves max_k ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. To minimize this maximum, perhaps the function h should be designed to avoid overlapping with itself as much as possible. So, maybe creating a function that has regular intervals where it is 1 and 0, but offset in such a way to minimize the overlap when shifted. For example, a periodic function with a certain duty cycle.

Wait, the initial guesses in the previous code include pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. But maybe combining these or using a more sophisticated approach to generate initial points.

Another idea: use a different approach for generating the initial guesses. For example, using a combination of multiple waveforms with different frequencies and phases. Or maybe using a more structured approach, like dividing the interval [0,2] into segments and assigning h(x) to be 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, such that the shifts don't align the 1s with the 0s.

But how to model this? Maybe using a piecewise constant function with specific intervals. For example, if h(x) is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, the overlap would be the integral of h(x) where h(x +k) is 0. So to minimize the maximum overlap, the intervals should be arranged such that shifting them by k causes minimal overlap.

Alternatively, the problem resembles a covering problem, where we want to cover the interval [0,2] with intervals of 1s such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. But this is a bit abstract.

Another approach: Since the integral is over x from 0 to 2, and the shift k is such that x +k is within [0,2], then for each k in [0, 2], the integral is over the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k. But the maximum over all k is what we need to minimize.

This seems similar to finding a function h where the maximum convolution with 1-h is minimized. So, maybe using Fourier analysis? The correlation (which is similar to convolution) can be analyzed in terms of Fourier transforms. However, the problem is non-linear and involves optimizing a function over a space of step functions.

But given the constraints, perhaps a better way is to use a more efficient optimization approach. For example, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is global optimization, but might be slow. Maybe using a local optimizer with better convergence, but needing a good starting point.

Another idea: instead of using random initial guesses, generate deterministic initial points based on some theoretical construct. For example, a function that's 1 on intervals spaced to avoid overlap when shifted. For instance, if h is 1 on intervals of length L, spaced in such a way that shifting by k= L/2 would cause overlap. But how to model this?

Alternatively, think of the problem as a scheduling problem where we want to place intervals (1s) in [0,2] such that when shifted by any k, the overlap is minimized. The total area is 1, so the total length of 1s is 1*dx, which with dx=2/n_points, is (n_points)/2. Hmm.

Wait, the integral of h(x) is 1, so the area under h is 1. If h is a step function with n_points samples, then the sum of h[i] * dx equals 1. So the average value of h is 0.5.

Now, the previous approach used a variety of guess functions. Maybe we can generate more structured initial guesses. For example, combining multiple periodic functions or using a more efficient way to explore the search space.

Another thought: since the problem is to minimize the maximum correlation, maybe we can use a grid search over possible patterns, but for high n_points this is impractical. Alternatively, use a metaheuristic like simulated annealing, but again, the time constraints are tight.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a game between h and the shift k. For each possible shift k, the overlap integral should be as small as possible. Therefore, maybe the optimal h is such that for all k, the overlap is equal, leading to a balanced distribution. But how to achieve this?

Alternatively, use a genetic algorithm. The previous code uses differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe a genetic algorithm with a different mutation strategy would find better solutions faster.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds and only one CPU, we need an efficient approach. Let me think about possible adjustments to the previous code.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include several waveforms: pulses, saw, triangle, and random. Maybe adding more sophisticated initial guesses, such as functions with multiple peaks or specific patterns. Also, the code uses SLSQP after differential evolution, which might refine the solution further.

Another idea: instead of starting with the initial_h_values, maybe generate a better initial guess by using a more structured approach. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal segments and setting h(x) to 1 in some of them. However, the initial_h_values may already be a good starting point.

Wait, the user says that initial_h_values is available. So we can use it as the starting point, but maybe we can combine it with other initial guesses. For example, using the initial_h_values and then generating other guesses based on it, like shifting or modifying it.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method. For example, using a gradient descent method with a penalty for violating the integral constraint. But the function to minimize is non-differentiable due to the max operation, making it challenging.

Another thought: the correlation is calculated using np.correlate with mode 'full'. The max of this is what we're trying to minimize. To make this more manageable, perhaps we can sample k at certain points. However, for a continuous k, this is not feasible. But in practice, the maximum might be achieved at certain discrete shifts. However, the exact maximum depends on the function's structure, so it's hard to predict.

An alternative approach could be to discretize the shifts k. For example, considering k in the set {0, 1/n_points, 2/n_points, ..., 2}. But the original code uses the full convolution which includes shifts for all k. However, for a step function, the maximum might be achieved at k values that correspond to the shifts between the step points. But I'm not sure.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h has some symmetry. For example, it might have a certain number of 1s and 0s arranged periodically. If that's the case, then generating a function with periodic components could be beneficial.

But how to implement this? Maybe create a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a certain pattern. For example, if the function is 1 for a proportion of the interval, then 0, and repeats. However, the total integral must be 1, so the proportion would depend on the number of intervals.

Alternatively, think of the problem as covering the interval with intervals where h is 1 such that no two intervals are too close to each other. For example, if h is 1 on intervals spaced in such a way that shifting by any k causes minimal overlap. However, this is vague.

Let me think about the previous code again. It uses a combination of SLSQP and DE, with several initial guesses. Maybe the issue is that the optimization is too slow or getting stuck in local minima. To improve this, maybe we can use a different optimization strategy.

What if we use a Bayesian optimization approach? However, that might be complex to implement quickly. Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimizer with better hyperparameters.

Another idea: since the correlation function is being maximized, perhaps the maximum occurs when k is such that the overlap of h and 1-h is maximized. So, the problem is to minimize the worst-case overlap. 

An alternative approach is to use a branch and bound method, but that's likely too slow for this problem.

Let me think about the constraints again. The integral of h is 1, and h is between 0 and 1. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral for shifts k.

Maybe the key is to find a function that has a certain "spread" to avoid overlapping when shifted. For example, a function that is 1 on a set of points spread out in a way that shifting it by k causes the areas where h is 1 to align with areas where 1-h is 0. 

For example, if h(x) is 1 on intervals that are spaced with a certain period, such that shifting by that period would align the 1s with the 0s. However, this might be possible only if the total length of h is 1, which for the interval [0,2], would mean a certain density.

Wait, for example, if the function h is 1 on intervals of length L, spaced appropriately. Suppose the function is made of L-length intervals repeated every T units. The total area would be (L / T) * T = L. So, L = 1, since the integral is 1. Therefore, the length of the intervals where h is 1 is 1. 

If the intervals are spaced such that shifting by T/2 would cause no overlap. But if the intervals are of length L=1 and spaced every T units, then T would need to be such that T - L >> 0. For example, if T=2, then the intervals are of length 1, spaced every 2 units, but that would cover the entire interval [0,2], so that's not possible. 

Alternatively, maybe the function h is a set of non-overlapping intervals where the total length is 1. For instance, if we have two overlapping intervals that are just right to prevent maximum overlap. But how to design this?

Another idea: consider the function h being a union of intervals, and then for each possible shift k, the overlap integral is the measure of the set where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. To minimize the maximum of this over k. 

This seems like an optimal covering problem. For example, arranging intervals so that for every k, the overlap is minimized. However, this is abstract and difficult to translate into an algorithm quickly.

Alternatively, take inspiration from the previous code and improve upon it. The previous code used several guess functions and a combination of SLSQP and DE. Perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses or using more sophisticated guess functions could help. 

For example, in the previous code, the guesses are generated with various frequencies and duties. Maybe adding more guess functions, such as square waves, or other waveforms with different characteristics. 

Alternatively, use a different method for generating initial guesses. For instance, using random permutations of the samples, or other structured patterns.

Another possible optimization is to reduce the number of points. The previous code uses n=45 points (the initial_h_values). The user says that smaller sequences are preferred, as they are faster to optimize. So maybe testing with fewer points, like 30 or 50, could speed up the optimization and allow more iterations within the time budget.

Wait, the initial_h_values is probably for n=45. But if I can generate a better initial guess with fewer points, that could be better. However, the user says that the previous program uses that. 

Alternatively, think about using a different approach for the optimization. For example, using a gradient-based method with a proper objective function. But the objective function is non-differentiable due to the max operation. So we need to approximate it, or use subgradients. However, that's complex to implement.

Alternatively, use a surrogate model to approximate the objective function. For instance, if we can model the max correlation as a sum of terms with weights, but that seems unclear.

Alternatively, use a different way to calculate the overlap. For example, instead of using the full convolution, maybe approximate the maximum over k by checking a few key shifts (like the ones where the function h(x) has discontinuities). But this is not guaranteed to work.

Wait, the previous code uses np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full'), which for a step function might give the maximum overlap. But maybe there are specific k values where the maximum occurs. For example, when k is such that the shifts align the steps. So, if we can sample k around these critical points, maybe we can focus the optimization on those. However, this requires knowing which k's are critical, which we don't have.

Another thought: the current code may not be efficiently using the initial guess. The initial_h_values could be a good starting point, but maybe the optimization needs to explore more in that area. Using a better method to refine the initial guess could help. 

In the previous code, after some DE, they refine with SLSQP. Maybe using a different refinement strategy, like using Bayesian optimization, or more sophisticated local search.

Alternatively, consider the problem as an optimization over the step function, and use a more structured approach to find the minimum. For example, if the optimal h is a combination of a few intervals, maybe we can parameterize the function with a small number of variables and optimize over those.

But for programming purposes, this might be complex. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code by:

1. Using a better initial guess by generating more patterns, especially those that are structured and have symmetries.

2. Using a different optimization method, such as a more efficient local search with better convergence.

3. Reducing the number of points to allow more iterations (but the user might prefer smaller n_points, so perhaps keeping it around 45-50).

4. Using better hyperparameters for the optimization methods, like increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the mutation parameters.

Let me think about possible changes to the code.

First, the initial guesses. The previous code includes pulses, saw, triangle, and random. Maybe generating more guess functions with different parameters. For example, using more complex shapes like square waves, or a combination of multiple waveforms.

Alternatively, maybe using a mosaic of multiple waveforms combined with the initial guess.

Second, the optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP and DE. Maybe the DE is too slow for the given budget. If we can use a more parallel approach or a different optimization method that is faster.

Alternatively, replace DE with a genetic algorithm with better parameters, but without using too much time.

Third, the refining step. The code refines using SLSQP, but maybe using more iterations or better constraints.

Another idea: instead of using all the previous guess functions, focus on a few promising ones. For example, generate a few different structured functions and optimize them, then select the best.

Alternatively, use a multi-start approach with the initial guess and a few other guesses generated based on it.

In code terms, perhaps the previous approach can be improved by:

- Using more structured initial guesses, such as functions with specific patterns.

- Increasing the number of iterations for the optimization steps, but carefully to not exceed the time budget.

- Using a better objective function evaluation, maybe with some approximations.

But how to do this within the code? Let me think of code changes.

For example, in the code, the initial guesses are generated as:

guesses = [h]
for freq in range(3, 10):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))
guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))

Maybe adding more structured guesses, such as different frequencies, different duties, or other waveforms.

But how to generate them? For example, perhaps adding more pulse shapes, or using combinations of different waveforms.

Another idea: instead of using the initial_h_values as the first guess, use it as a baseline and then generate other guesses by modifying it. For example, shifting the intervals, or adjusting their widths.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values and then randomly perturb it to create initial guesses.

But given the time, it's hard to think of all possibilities. Let me think of code changes that can be made to the previous code.

In the previous code, after generating the guesses, they loop through them, optimizing each with SLSQP, then do DE, then refine. The code uses a small number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for DE, or using more guesses.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, the code needs to be efficient.

Another idea: using a combination of SLSQP and a more efficient global optimization method. For example, using a genetic algorithm for the global search and SLSQP for local refinement.

However, the previous code uses DE and SLSQP. DE is a global optimizer but can be slow. Maybe replacing DE with something like a covariance matrix adaptation (CMA-ES), but that's complex.

Alternatively, perhaps the code can be modified to use a different initial guess, such as a function that is 1 in certain intervals spread out.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's challenging.

Let me try to think of a different approach.

Assume that the optimal h is a step function with certain intervals. For example, if h is 1 in intervals that are spaced such that shifting by a certain amount causes the 1s to align with 0s. However, designing such a function is non-trivial.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a constrained optimization problem, where the objective is to minimize the maximum correlation. Let's consider that the maximum correlation is the maximum over k of ∫ h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. For each k, this integral can be rewritten as ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x+k)) dx. Since h is a step function, the integral can be computed by summing over all intervals where h(x) is 1 and 1-h(x+k) is 1 or 0.

But for a step function, this might be computationally feasible. However, this is getting complicated.

Given time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code by using a different initial guess and more efficient optimization steps.

For example, in the initial guesses, instead of using random, maybe use a structured guess such as a set of intervals with certain spacing. Or generate a guess based on the initial_h_values, but with certain modifications.

Another idea: the initial_h_values might already be a good candidate. Instead of using multiple guesses, focus on refining it with more aggressive optimization steps.

Alternatively, in the code, after generating the initial guesses, instead of doing DE and then refining, just perform SLSQP with more iterations and better parameters.

Let me think of possible code changes:

1. Use a better initial guess. The current code uses the initial_h_values plus other guesses. Maybe the initial_h_values is already a good starting point, and the rest of the guesses are redundant. Maybe using only the initial_h_values as the starting guess and then optimizing it with SLSQP.

But this may not be effective. So perhaps combining the initial guess with other guesses.

2. Change the DE parameters. For example, increasing the popsize, but this may take more time. Alternatively, using a smaller popsize but more iterations.

3. Use a different optimization method. Perhaps using a genetic algorithm with a tailored mutation function.

But without implementing a full genetic algorithm, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, use a simpler approach: since the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, but the initial guess might be in a local optimum. Maybe performing multiple runs with different initial guesses can help avoid this.

But again, this is what the code is already doing.

Another thought: in the code, after DE, it does a few refinements with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps could help.

Alternatively, use more aggressive mutation in DE.

But given that the previous code already did some refinements, perhaps making the refinement steps more extensive would help.

Another possibility is to use the initial_h_values as the first guess, and then perturb it to generate new guesses, then optimize each of them, which might help escape local optima.

But again, this is what the current code attempts.

Given that, perhaps the main improvement is to use a better initial guess and optimize it more thoroughly.

Alternatively, perhaps the previous code's initial guesses are not effective enough. For example, the pulse and sawtooth functions may not lead to optimal solutions.

Another idea: try to use a different waveform for the initial guesses. For example, using a function that is 1 for a longer period and then 0, but with a specific duty cycle that is optimal.

But without knowing the optimal duty cycle, this is difficult.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal h is such that the overlap for all k is equal. This would imply that the maximum overlap is minimized. So, perhaps the optimal h has a certain symmetry.

For example, if the overlap for all k is the same, then the function h might have a periodic structure. For instance, if h(x) is periodic with period T, then the overlap integral might have a constant value for all shifts. 

If this is the case, then designing such a periodic function could be a way to achieve a lower C₅.

Assuming that, maybe the optimal h is a periodic function with a certain period T. Let's say T=2, then h(x) is periodic with period 2. But the integral over [0,2] is 1, so the average value of h over the period is 0.5. 

If h(x) is periodic with period T=2 and consists of a repeating pattern, then shifting by periods would not change the overlap. But this might not help as the maximum overlap could still be high.

Alternatively, the period could be something else. For example, if the function is 1 for 1 unit and 0 for 1 unit, repeated. However, the integral over [0,2] would be 1, which matches the requirement. But this would lead to a certain overlap when shifted by k=0.5. For example, shifting by k=0.5 would cause the 1s and 0s to overlap, leading to an overlap integral of 0.5 * 1 = 0.5, which is worse than the current target.

But this is a simple example. The previous target is 0.38, which is lower than 0.5. So this suggests that more complex patterns are needed.

Another idea: use a function that has multiple intervals where it is 1, arranged such that shifting by any k leads to minimal overlap. For example, if there are several intervals spaced in a way that their shifts do not overlap much. This is similar to a covering code problem.

But without further insight, it's hard to model this into code.

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different initial guess and optimize it better. For example, replacing the initial guess with a structured function, or adding more guesses with different structures.

But how to generate them?

Perhaps the previous code uses gen_pulses, gen_saw, and gen_triangle. Maybe adding more guesses such as a function with a more complex shape, like a square wave with varying duty cycles, or a function that combines multiple waveforms.

Alternatively, generate guesses based on the initial_h_values. For example, shifting it or compressing it.

Alternatively, use a different method to generate initial guesses. For instance, generating a function with a set of fixed intervals, such as equally spaced intervals. 

But how to implement this? For example, if the function h is 1 on n_points intervals, equally spaced, but with overlaps adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

But given the time, perhaps it's better to proceed with modifying the previous code to use more effective initial guesses and better optimization parameters.

Another possibility is to increase the number of initial guesses, but this might take more time. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, it's possible if the code is optimized.

In summary, the previous code may not be achieving the desired result due to the initial guesses not being diverse enough or the optimization methods not being efficient enough. Improving these aspects would likely lead to a better C₅ bound.

Now, considering the code structure, the key changes would be:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses that could potentially lead to better solutions.

- Adjust the optimization parameters, such as increasing the number of iterations or using different methods.

- Ensure that the code doesn't exceed the time budget by optimizing the number of iterations.

Given that, let's think about modifying the code. Here's an idea:

Instead of using random guesses, generate a few structured guesses based on the initial_h_values. For example, take the initial_h_values and create variations by shifting, scaling, or modifying certain parts. This could help explore the search space more effectively.

Alternatively, generate guesses that are combinations of the initial guess and other structured functions.

But how to implement this in code?

Alternatively, focus on the initial guess and apply more aggressive optimization. Like increasing the number of refinement steps with SLSQP.

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code by increasing the number of iterations in SLSQP, and using more structured initial guesses.

Another idea: instead of using DE, use a different global optimization method that is faster. But without knowing the right one, it's hard.

Alternatively, in the previous code, after DE, it runs refinement steps with SLSQP. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps would help.

Another thing: the code uses the same bounds for all points, but perhaps the function can have certain patterns where certain points are fixed or have certain constraints. But this is complex to implement.

In conclusion, the plan is to modify the previous code by:

1. Using more structured initial guesses that could lead to better solutions.

2. Increasing the number of optimization steps to allow better refinement.

3. Optimizing the DE and SLSQP parameters to be more efficient.

But how to implement this concisely in code?

Let me think about possible code changes:

In the guesses section, perhaps replace some of the random guesses with more structured ones. For example, create a guess function that generates a wave with a certain frequency and duty cycle, but with different parameters.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values and generate other guesses by perturbing it.

For example, adding a few different guesses that are small variations of the initial_h_values.

But the previous code already has some guesses.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values and then generate guesses by shifting certain intervals.

But given the time, perhaps it's better to increase the number of refinement steps and optimize the parameters.

Let me consider the code's time usage. The previous code runs DE for 70 iterations with a popsize of 100, then refines with SLSQP for 5 steps. Perhaps increasing the number of DE iterations or the mutation parameters could help.

But I'm not sure. Another idea is to use a smaller popsize for DE to reduce computation time.

Alternatively, reduce the number of guesses, but focus on more effective ones.

In summary, to improve the code, here's what I'll do:

- Keep the initial_h_values as the first guess.

- Add more guesses with structured functions, such as different duty cycles or frequencies.

- Increase the number of refinement steps with SLSQP.

- Use better hyperparameters for the optimization methods.

Let me try to code this.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    def gen_square(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * (1 - duty), 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(4, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.4))
    for duty in [0.3, 0.45, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_square(3, duty))
    for _ in range(2):
        guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=80, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```