<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the goal is to get even lower. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimizations starting from some initial guess. But maybe there's a better approach. Let's think about how to improve this.

First, the problem is to find a function h(x) on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by k. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h(x) is between 0 and 1.

The previous approach used several different pulse and waveforms as initial guesses, then optimized them with SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe I can find a better initial configuration. The current initial_h_values is a 45-sample array. Let me think about how to construct a better starting point.

One idea is to use a more structured pattern. For example, using multiple overlapping pulses or a more uniform distribution. Since the problem is about minimizing maximum overlap, perhaps distributing the mass of h(x) in a way that avoids concentrating too much in regions that would cause high overlaps when shifted.

Alternatively, maybe using a piecewise constant function with multiple segments. For example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into several intervals and assign h(x) to be 1 or 0 in those intervals, but that might not be optimal. Wait, but the problem allows h to be any step function, so maybe we can model it as a grid with certain regions active.

Another approach is to consider the dual problem. Since the overlap integral is maximized over k, we need to ensure that for all shifts k, the integral is minimized. This is similar to a covering problem where we want h(x) to be as spread out as possible.

Wait, maybe using a Fourier analysis approach. The overlap integral is related to the autocorrelation of h(x) multiplied by certain factors. Since the integral of h(x) is 1, maybe we can analyze the Fourier transform of h(x) and find a function with small autocorrelation. However, since h is a step function, maybe this approach is a bit too abstract.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap integral can be thought of as the maximum of the convolution of h with 1 - h over certain shifts. So optimizing h to minimize this maximum.

The current code uses differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe the problem is that the initial guess is not good enough, leading to local optima. So perhaps trying different initial guesses could be beneficial.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given, but maybe we can construct better initial guesses. For example, using a set of pulses with different frequencies and duty cycles, similar to the previous code but perhaps trying more combinations or different functions.

Alternatively, using a probabilistic approach, like using a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint, but with some structure to avoid initial bad configurations.

Another idea is to use a genetic algorithm, where we evolve the step function over generations. But the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm. Maybe tweaking the parameters of the differential evolution could help, like increasing the population size or the number of generations, but within the time budget.

Wait, the current code uses differential evolution with popsize=100, maxiter=100, and then a refinement step with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting mutation and recombination rates could improve the result. However, the time budget is limited to 100 seconds, so we need to balance between exploration and refinement.

Alternatively, maybe combining different optimization methods. For example, first using differential evolution to find a good candidate, then using SLSQP to refine it. The previous code does this, but perhaps the number of iterations is not sufficient.

Another thought: the maximum overlap integral can be rewritten as the maximum over shifts k of the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be related to the convolution of h with (1 - h) evaluated at different lags. But for step functions, the convolution is piecewise constant, so maybe we can find a way to model this more efficiently.

Wait, the problem says that the overlap integral is calculated as the max of the correlate, which is equivalent to the convolution. But for the function h, the correlate with 1 - h is computed over the full mode, which gives the convolution for all possible shifts. The maximum value among these is what we need to minimize.

So the goal is to find a step function h that minimizes this maximum value. The current approach is to use numerical optimization with constraints. But perhaps there's a better way to structure the step function.

Let me think about how to construct the step function. Maybe using multiple overlapping pulses with certain spacing. For example, if the pulses are spaced apart such that shifting them by a certain amount doesn't cause overlaps. However, since the integral is fixed, the pulses need to be arranged carefully.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution is a step function that is as uniform as possible, avoiding peaks that would lead to high overlaps when shifted. Alternatively, maybe using a function with multiple levels, where the function is 1 in certain regions and 0 in others, but arranged in such a way that the overlaps are minimized.

Wait, the initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point. Maybe there's a way to refine that further. For example, using a genetic algorithm with mutation steps that alter the initial h values, but again, under time constraints.

Alternatively, considering that the problem has a known lower bound of around 0.38, perhaps there's a way to construct a step function that is known to achieve this. For example, using a specific spacing or pattern that's been studied in similar problems.

Alternatively, maybe focusing on the structure of the optimal function. For the Erdős constant, the optimal function is a measure that minimizes the maximum overlap. Some research suggests that the optimal function is related to the binary sequence with certain properties, like the one used in the previous code. However, without specific knowledge of the exact construction, it's hard to proceed.

Wait, the user mentioned that the current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and the previous program achieved 0.381142. So the goal is to get below 0.38085. The previous code used a combination of initial guesses and differential evolution. To improve upon that, perhaps we need to explore more varied initial guesses and better optimization strategies.

Another thought: the current code uses SLSQP, which can get stuck in local minima. Maybe using a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is more robust to local optima. Or using a Bayesian optimization approach, but that might be more complex.

Alternatively, maybe we can increase the number of initial guesses or try different patterns. For example, generating initial guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles, as the previous code did, but with more variations.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the current code by adjusting parameters, increasing the number of iterations, and using better initial guesses.

Wait, the initial code uses a few different functions as initial guesses. Maybe adding more types of functions or varying their parameters. For example, using more sine waves with different frequencies, or sawtooth waves with different duty cycles.

Additionally, the current code starts with the initial_h_values, which may be a good baseline. However, maybe there's a way to generate more structured initial guesses based on that.

Alternatively, using a grid search over possible parameters for generating the initial guesses. But again, time is limited.

In terms of the code structure, perhaps increasing the number of guesses, and using a more efficient optimization process. Also, ensuring that the refinement steps are thorough enough.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses a fixed number of refinement steps. Maybe increasing the number of refinement iterations or allowing more time for optimization.

But the main issue is that the previous approach may not be sufficient. Let me consider other strategies. For example, using a multi-start optimization approach with different starting points. The code already does that by generating multiple initial guesses, but possibly not enough.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of several integrals, maybe we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where the constraints are that the maximum overlap integral is minimized. However, this is a difficult problem since the maximum is non-convex.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where the objective function includes the maximum overlap integral as a penalty term. But solving this numerically would require handling the max function, which can be challenging.

Alternatively, since the overlap integral for different k can be evaluated, perhaps we can find a way to approximate the maximum and use that in the optimization. However, the previous code already does this by computing the maximum during the evaluation.

Wait, the current code computes the max over all k. The correlation is calculated with mode 'full', which gives the convolution for all possible shifts. The maximum among these is the C5 value. Thus, the code correctly computes the value to minimize.

So the main challenge is to find a step function h that minimizes this maximum value.

Considering that, maybe trying to generate a more optimal initial guess is crucial. For example, using a function that is designed to have minimal overlap, such as a checkerboard pattern or a piecewise constant function with specific spacing.

Another approach: if we can find a function that, when shifted by any k, the overlap integral is low. For example, a function that is spread out in such a way that overlapping with itself (after shift) is minimized. This is similar to the concept of a "low autocorrelation" sequence.

In communications, such sequences are used to minimize interference. For example, a Barker code has low autocorrelation. However, the problem here is different because it's for a continuous function over [0,2], not a discrete sequence. But perhaps similar principles apply.

If we can create a function that is as uniform as possible, with no sharp peaks, then shifting it would result in lower overlaps. However, the integral of h is fixed, so we can't have all parts of the function being 1/2, which might not satisfy the integral.

Alternatively, considering that the function must have a total area of 1 over [0,2], perhaps a function that is 1/2 in certain intervals and 0 otherwise. For example, a square wave with duty cycle that satisfies the integral. However, such a function might have high overlap when shifted by certain amounts.

But if we have multiple such square waves spaced out, the overlap might be lower. For example, if the function has multiple intervals of 1 and 0, spaced in a way that shifting it causes overlaps only in small regions.

But how to construct such a function algorithmically?

Another idea: distribute the 1's in h as evenly as possible. For example, if we have n_points samples, spread the 1's in h over the interval [0,2] in a way that they are as far apart as possible. But since h can take any value between 0 and 1, maybe a piecewise linear function or step function with certain properties.

However, without a clear mathematical guide, this is challenging.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code. For example, increasing the number of initial guesses, adjusting the parameters of the optimization, and using better convergence methods.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include several generated functions. Let me think about generating more varied initial functions. For example, adding different waveforms or varying the frequencies and duty cycles more.

Additionally, the code uses a random guess that is normalized to meet the sum constraint. Maybe generating more such random guesses with different structures could help.

Another possible improvement: instead of using SLSQP for refinement, use a different method like COBYLA or another constrained optimization algorithm. However, the previous code uses SLSQP.

Another thought: the optimization might be more effective if we use a combination of global and local search methods. The previous code uses differential evolution as a global search followed by local SLSQP refinement. But maybe increasing the number of iterations in the differential evolution could help.

Alternatively, using a more efficient differential evolution setup. For example, increasing the population size or the number of generations.

Also, the code uses a fixed number of refinement steps. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps or allowing more time for refinement could lead to better results.

Another possible adjustment: adjust the bounds in the optimization to include more possible variations, but that's already handled by the constraints.

Let me consider the code structure again. The code uses a seed, generates initial guesses, then optimizes each with SLSQP, and then uses differential evolution. Maybe the number of initial guesses is insufficient. Let's see, the code generates several guesses, including pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves, but maybe there are more possibilities.

Alternatively, generating more random guesses. For example, instead of just one random guess, generate multiple and include them in the list of initial guesses.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the key is to optimize the existing code.

Wait, the previous code's best result was C₅ bounded at 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. To improve that, maybe the code could explore more promising initial points.

Another idea: using the initial_h_values as part of the initial guesses. But since the user says to use initial_h_values directly, maybe the code starts with that, then generates other guesses based on it.

Alternatively, varying the initial_h_values by adding small perturbations to it and optimizing those. However, that's similar to the current approach.

In conclusion, the main improvements would involve:

1. Using more diverse and better initial guesses.
2. Adjusting the optimization parameters to allow more exploration.
3. Increasing the number of refinement steps.
4. Possibly using a different optimization method for refinement.

So in the new code, I can try generating more initial guesses, increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution, and refining the optimization steps further.

For example, adding more random guesses, different pulse patterns, and using a higher number of generations in differential evolution.

Also, making sure that the time budget is not exceeded by running the optimization steps efficiently.

Another possible change: using a genetic algorithm with different parameters, but since the current code uses differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm, maybe adjusting its parameters to get better results.

In the previous code, the differential evolution uses mutation parameters (0.5, 0.95), which might be too restrictive. Maybe increasing the mutation range or changing the recombination rate.

But given the time, I need to code these changes.

Another point: in the previous code, the refinement steps use SLSQP with a limited number of iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps or allowing more iterations could help.

Additionally, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point. So ensuring that the initial guess is considered in the search.

Putting this all together, the new code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as one of the initial guesses.
- Generate more varied initial guesses, including different pulses and waves with various parameters.
- Increase the number of initial guesses.
- Adjust differential evolution parameters to allow more exploration.
- Perform more refinement steps with SLSQP.

Now, translating this into code, I need to write a Python function that implements these changes.

Let me outline the code structure:

1. Define the run function with seed and budget.
2. Get the initial_h_values, which is provided.
3. Create the initial guesses, including the initial_h_values, various pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random guesses.
4. Optimize each guess with SLSQP, keeping the best result.
5. Perform differential evolution on the best guess, then refine with SLSQP.
6. Repeat the differential evolution and refinement steps multiple times within the time budget.
7. Return the best result.

In the previous code, there were several initial guesses, but perhaps we can add more. For example, adding more duty cycles or frequencies.

Another thought: since the previous code uses a 45-point sample, but the user prefers sequences with less than 1k samples, which it already satisfies. So no need to change that.

Also, the code needs to be concise, with no long literals. So generating functions algorithmically is important.

In the code, the initial_h_values is used directly. Then, generate some more initial guesses.

In the code, the function gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle are used. Maybe adding more functions or varying parameters.

For example, in the previous code, the pulses are generated for frequencies 3-8 and duty 0.5. Maybe expand that to more frequencies and duties.

Also, generating more random guesses.

Another idea: perhaps using a combination of pulses and other waveforms, or adding a smoother function.

But given the time constraints, the key is to adjust the parameters and initial guesses.

So, in the new code, I will:

- Include the initial_h_values as an initial guess.
- Generate additional initial guesses with different parameters.
- Use a larger number of initial guesses.
- Adjust the differential evolution parameters.

Now, translating this into code, here's the plan for the code:

Import necessary modules.

Define the run function with seed and budget.

Set up the initial_h_values and n_points.

Set up the objective function as before (max of the correlation).

Define the constraints (sum of h equals n_points / 2).

Generate initial guesses including the initial_h_values, various pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and more random guesses.

Optimize each initial guess with SLSQP, track the best solution.

Perform differential evolution on the best guess, then refine with SLSQP.

Repeat this process multiple times, within the time budget.

Refine the best solution further with more SLSQP steps.

Finally, return the best solution and the computed C5.

Now, implementing this with code.

But I need to make sure that the code is concise and adheres to the constraints.

Another thing to consider is that the previous code's time budget is tight, so using more efficient optimization steps is important. For example, using a smaller population size in differential evolution but increasing the number of iterations.

In the previous code, the differential evolution uses popsize=100, maxiter=100. Maybe increasing maxiter to 200 or 300, but that would take more time. Alternatively, using a smaller population and more generations.

But time is limited, so perhaps adjusting parameters to balance between exploration and time.

Another adjustment: in the refinement steps, using more iterations of SLSQP.

Also, making sure that the code doesn't exceed the budget_s seconds.

Putting this all together, the code would probably look similar to the previous one but with some changes in the initial guesses and optimization parameters.

So, the final code would include more initial guesses, better parameter tuning, and more refinement steps.

Thus, I think the improved code would include:

- More initial guess types.
- Adjusted differential evolution parameters.
- Increased refinement steps.
- Better handling of the initial_h_values as a guess.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.4))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    random_guess = np.random.rand(n_points)
    random_guess = (target_sum / np.sum(random_guess)) * random_guess
    guesses.append(random_guess)
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=150,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```