<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is to get even lower. The previous program used a combination of initial guesses and optimization techniques like SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe I can do better by changing the approach.

First, the problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1.

The previous code starts with some initial guesses and uses optimization. Perhaps I can try a different strategy. Maybe using a more structured approach, like using symmetry or certain waveforms that are known to have good properties. For example, using a periodic function that alternates between high and low values, ensuring that the overlap with shifted versions is minimized.

Another idea is to use a binary step function with multiple pulses. For example, placing pulses in such a way that overlapping with shifted versions is minimized. Since the integral of h is 1, the total area under the step function is fixed. Maybe a symmetric pattern with overlapping regions controlled.

I should consider the current initial_h_values. If the initial construction is a certain pattern, maybe I can refine that. Alternatively, generate a new initial guess based on some mathematical intuition.

The previous code used several guess functions like pulses, sawtooth, triangle. Maybe I can generate more types of waveforms or adjust the parameters for those. But perhaps I should focus on a different optimization strategy.

The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. However, with limited time (100 seconds), maybe it's better to focus on a more efficient optimization method, or use a different one. Perhaps using a genetic algorithm with some constraints? But the code already uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method.

Wait, but the problem is constrained. The sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2, so the equality constraint. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation. 

Another thought: the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h for different shifts. The maximum of this over shifts is what we're trying to minimize. To minimize this, we want h and 1 - h to be as non-overlapping as possible when shifted. So, the function h should be designed such that when shifted, the overlap with its complement is minimized.

Maybe using a function that is periodic with a certain period, such that shifting by that period causes minimal overlap. But since the interval is [0,2], perhaps a period of 1, but that might not be enough. Alternatively, using a function that has symmetry properties.

Alternatively, think about the problem as a covering problem. The function h should cover the interval [0,2] in such a way that when shifted, the areas where h and 1 - h overlap are minimized.

Another approach is to use a deterministic search with a structured initial guess. For example, placing two pulses of width w and spacing such that their shifted versions don't overlap too much. But since the integral is 1, if there are two pulses each of area 0.5, then their heights would be 0.5, but that's a simple case. However, the maximum overlap would depend on how the pulses are spaced.

Alternatively, using three or more pulses. For example, if the function has three pulses, each with certain widths and positions, such that when shifted by certain amounts, the overlap is minimized. This might require some trial and error.

But given that the previous approach didn't beat the current record, perhaps the key is to use a more adaptive optimization strategy, or to make better initial guesses. Maybe the initial guesses in the previous code are not sufficient. For example, using a more informed initial guess based on mathematical constructs.

Another idea is to use a greedy algorithm. For example, iteratively adjusting the function h to reduce the maximum overlap. However, this might be tricky to implement.

Alternatively, using a grid search over possible parameters. For example, if the function is composed of a certain number of pulses, then varying their positions and widths to find an optimal configuration.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code. The previous code uses a combination of initial guesses and then differential evolution followed by local optimization. Maybe I can adjust the parameters of the algorithms to make them more efficient.

For example, using a better mutation strategy in differential evolution, or increasing the number of iterations. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so perhaps the code needs to be more efficient in terms of the number of function evaluations.

Another thought: the current code uses SLSQP for local optimization, which might be too slow. Maybe using a different method, like Nelder-Mead, which is a simplex algorithm and might be faster for certain problems. Or using a more efficient local optimizer.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values might not be the best starting point. Maybe generating a different initial guess that has a lower C₅ value. For example, using a more optimal shape based on known patterns.

Wait, the problem mentions that the current best is C₅ ≤ 0.38085. The previous code's result was 0.381142, which is slightly worse. So the goal is to get lower than that. Therefore, perhaps the code should be adjusted to use better initial guesses and more effective optimization strategies.

Another idea: since the function is periodic in some way, maybe using a Fourier-based approach. For example, ensuring that the Fourier coefficients of h are chosen to minimize the maximum overlap. However, this might be complex to implement.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is the maximum of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx over k. This can be seen as the maximum (over k) of the inner product between h(x) and (1 - h(x + k)). For fixed h, this maximum is equivalent to the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h.

To minimize this maximum, perhaps we can model it as a semi-infinite optimization problem and try to approximate it using finite constraints. However, this would be computationally expensive unless approximated.

Another approach is to consider the problem as a two-layer optimization: first, approximate the maximum value by considering a finite set of shifts, and then optimize over those. But the original problem requires considering all possible k, which is a continuous variable.

But given that we can't evaluate for all k, perhaps we can approximate the maximum by checking a grid of shifts. However, in the code, np.correlate is used with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation for all shifts. However, this is for integer shifts. Wait, the problem allows for any k, but in the code, it's using the samples of h, which are discrete. So the actual code is evaluating the cross-correlation at discrete shifts, but the problem allows any real shift. But since the discretization is done with n_points samples, the code is approximating the continuous problem with a discrete one.

Therefore, the evaluation in the code is over the samples, but the real maximum could be between the samples. However, given that the code uses a large number of samples, the approximation is acceptable.

So, perhaps the code's current approach is correct, but the optimization could be improved.

Let me think about the current code. It uses initial guesses based on pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Then uses SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. The differential evolution is run a few times with different initial guesses. But maybe the initial guesses are not optimal, or the optimization parameters can be adjusted.

I should consider modifying the initial guesses. For example, generating more diverse initial guesses that are based on different structures. For example, using a mix of different waveforms, or even random noise.

Another potential improvement is to use more efficient optimization methods. For example, instead of SLSQP, using a stochastic optimizer like genetic algorithms, but the code already uses differential evolution, which is a global optimizer.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimizer. For example, after finding a good candidate with DE, use a more precise local optimization method.

Another idea: adjust the parameters of the optimization. For example, increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP or DE to get a better solution. But since the budget is limited, the code must be efficient.

Another possible improvement is to split the problem into multiple sub-problems. For example, first optimizing for a certain shift, then adjusting the function to minimize that particular shift, but this might not be effective for all shifts.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective optimization approach where we try to minimize the maximum of several shifts, but again, this is not straightforward.

Another thought: the current function is a step function. Maybe using a continuous function for initial guesses, and then discretizing it. However, since the problem requires a step function (discrete samples), this might not be helpful.

Wait, no. The problem defines h as a step function, represented by n_points samples. So the function is piecewise constant over intervals. So the code is correct in that.

But the optimization is over the samples. Therefore, the code is correct in using the samples to build h.

So, given that, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the initial guesses and the optimization parameters. For example, using more initial guesses that are structured in a way that could lead to a better solution.

Let me think about the structure of an optimal function. For the minimal C₅, the function h should be designed such that when shifted, the overlap with the complement (1 - h) is minimized. So, the function should avoid having regions where it is high and the shifted complement is also high.

One possible structure is to use a function that is high in certain intervals and low in others, with the intervals arranged such that overlapping shifts would not overlap too much.

For example, a function that alternates between high and low values in a periodic manner. If the function is periodic with period T, then shifting by T would cause the same pattern, so the overlap might be minimized.

But given the interval [0,2], perhaps using a function with period 1, but with two intervals of high and low values.

For instance, if the function is high for [0, 0.5] and low for [0.5, 1.5], then high again for [1.5, 2]. But then shifting by 0.5 would overlap with the high and low regions.

Alternatively, arranging the function in a way that when shifted, the overlap with the complement is minimal. For example, a function with three high segments spaced apart, such that when shifted, they don't align with the low segments.

But this is just brainstorming. Perhaps the code can be improved by generating more initial guesses based on different structured patterns. For example, using a string of pulses with varying widths and positions.

However, generating these guesses might take time. Another idea is to use a coarser initial guess and then optimize it. For example, starting with a simple pattern like two equal pulses, then refining it.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of sine waves squared, which are periodic and have certain properties that could minimize overlap.

Another approach is to use an approximate solution from harmonic analysis. For example, knowing that the optimal function might involve a certain frequency or waveform that minimizes the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, thinking of the problem as a covering problem where the function h minimizes the maximum overlap with its shifted complement.

But how to translate this into code? Well, the code is already trying to optimize this, but perhaps the initial guesses and the optimization parameters can be adjusted.

Let me consider modifying the code. For instance:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses, perhaps using different waveforms and parameters.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods (like mutation rate in DE, population size, etc.).
3. Use different methods for optimization, like a combination of DE and local search.
4. Use a more efficient initial guess based on some known pattern.

For example, the previous code uses pulses, saw, and triangle with certain frequencies. Maybe adding more waveforms or varying the parameters more.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess that is a better approximation of the optimal function. For example, if there's a known good shape for C₅, perhaps initializing the function with that shape.

But since the initial_h_values is provided, and the code uses that as an initial guess, perhaps the problem is that the initial guess is not the best, and generating a better initial guess would help.

Another idea: the initial_h_values might be based on a specific pattern. Let's say it's a pattern with several pulses. Maybe the code can generate a new initial guess by perturbing the existing one or combining it with other patterns.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess like a random permutation of the samples, but ensuring the sum is correct.

But given the time constraints, the code must be efficient. So perhaps using a combination of the existing initial guesses and some new ones.

Another possible improvement is to use a more aggressive optimization strategy. For instance, increasing the number of iterations in SLSQP and ensuring that the optimization is thorough.

But the time budget is tight, so the code must not spend too much time on each optimization step.

Another thought: the previous code uses a population size of 100 for differential evolution. Maybe reducing the population size could save time, but might lead to a worse solution. Alternatively, using a larger population size with fewer iterations.

Alternatively, the code could use a hybrid approach: using differential evolution for a few iterations to find a good initial guess, then applying SLSQP for local refinement.

The code already does that. But perhaps the parameters of the differential evolution can be adjusted. For example, using a smaller mutation range and higher recombination rate.

Another idea: Using a more efficient local optimizer. The current code uses SLSQP, which might be slow for a large number of variables. However, with n_points up to a few thousand, it's manageable. But if the code uses a smaller n_points, like 500, it's faster.

Wait, the previous code uses initial_h_values with n_points=45. The user says that smaller sequences are preferred (under 1k samples). So perhaps using a higher n_points is better, but the code must balance between the number of samples and the optimization time.

Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred for faster optimization and evaluation. So using a smaller n_points, like 100 or 200, might be better. However, the initial_h_values is given with n=45, which is small. Using that might be better as a starting point, since it's smaller and faster.

But maybe the initial guess is not the best. So the code could generate initial guesses with different n_points? But according to the problem, the user probably wants to use the initial_h_values as a starting point, and not change the n_points. Wait, the code is supposed to return the best h_values, which can be any n_points, but smaller is better.

But the initial_h_values has n_points=45. So perhaps the code should use that as the base and optimize. However, maybe the code should try different n_points. However, that could complicate the code.

Alternatively, the code could stick with the initial n_points and optimize it further. Let me think.

The previous code uses n_points=45. So perhaps adjusting the code to use a slightly higher n_points, like 100, but that would require more computation. However, given the time budget, maybe it's better to optimize the existing n_points.

Another possible improvement is to use more efficient methods for optimizing the objective function. For example, using a different optimization library or function, such as using the COBYLA method instead of SLSQP, or another gradient-based method.

But the code is using scipy.optimize, which has several methods. Maybe switching to a different one could help.

Alternatively, the code could use an evolutionary algorithm like genetic algorithm, but scipy doesn't have an easy genetic algorithm implementation for this problem. However, the code already uses differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm.

Another thought: the cross-correlation is computed with np.correlate. However, in the code, the correlation is computed for the full mode, which gives shifts from -n_points + 1 to n_points - 1. The maximum value of the correlation would be one of these. But the actual overlap integral is the maximum over all real shifts k, not just the discrete samples. However, given that the function is represented by discrete samples, the code's evaluation is an approximation.

Therefore, the code's evaluation might miss some important shifts. However, with a large number of samples, the approximation is acceptable.

To improve the code, perhaps using more samples for the evaluation. But that would increase the n_points and thus the computation time. However, given that the code is limited to 100 seconds, it's a trade-off.

But the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, but the current record uses a higher n_points. Thus, perhaps using a higher n_points could yield a better result, even if it takes slightly more time.

But I need to be careful with the time budget. For example, using n_points=200 instead of 45 would increase computation time, but maybe the optimization can be done faster if the function is better.

Another idea is to use the previous code's structure but modify the initial guesses. For example, adding more guesses that are combinations of different pulses and waveforms, and varying the parameters more thoroughly. For example, generating pulses with varying frequencies and duty cycles.

But the previous code already does that. So maybe the code could use more diverse initial guesses, such as different waveforms with different parameters or random perturbations.

Alternatively, using a better seed or more elaborate random initializations.

Another approach is to use the previous results and refine them further. For example, after finding a good candidate, applying more local optimization steps.

Perhaps the code could use multiple rounds of differential evolution with different parameters. For example, using a larger population for the first rounds, then a smaller one for finer adjustments.

But again, the code is already doing a few steps of differential evolution.

Another idea: the maximum overlap is determined by the largest peak in the cross-correlation. So, to minimize this, the code should target the reduction of all possible peaks. However, the optimization process may focus on the most prominent peak, possibly neglecting others. Therefore, the code could try to minimize the maximum by focusing on multiple shifts.

But since the evaluation computes the maximum, the optimization is naturally focused on that.

In summary, to improve the code, I could:

- Use more diverse initial guesses with different structures.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods (like mutation rates, population size).
- Use a combination of global and local optimization methods.
- Refine the initial guesses to be more relevant to the problem.

Now, considering the previous code, let's think about how to modify it. For example, the current code generates several guesses, including pulses, saw, triangle, and random. Perhaps adding more guesses, such as waveforms with different frequencies, or combining different patterns.

Alternatively, using a more systematic way to generate initial guesses. For example, a grid search over parameters for pulses and sawtooth waves.

But given the time constraints, the code should be efficient. Another approach is to use a more aggressive local optimization, perhaps with more iterations or better convergence criteria.

Another idea is to use a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, caching intermediate results, but that's already handled by numpy.

Another thought: the code computes the cross-correlation with np.correlate, which might be slow for large n_points. However, with n_points=45, it's manageable.

Now, let's think about the code structure. The code uses several initial guesses and then applies differential evolution and SLSQP to find the best solution. To improve this, perhaps generating more initial guesses that are more promising. For example, creating a grid of parameters for pulses and other waveforms.

Alternatively, using a better initial guess that's already known to have a lower C₅. But since the current initial guess is given, perhaps trying to refine it further.

In the previous code, the initial guess is used as the first candidate, then other guesses are tried. So, perhaps using the initial_h_values as the first guess is good, but adding more guesses that are variations of that.

Alternatively, using a perturbed version of the initial_h_values as additional guesses.

But I need to code this in a way that's concise and fits within the constraints.

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm for the first few steps, then switching to SLSQP for refinement.

But the code already uses SLSQP and differential evolution.

Another idea is to use a hybrid approach where the differential evolution is run first with a large population, followed by SLSQP for local refinement. The code already does this, but maybe tweaking the parameters.

For example, increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Alternatively, using a different objective function formulation. For example, using a penalty method to ensure the constraints are met, but the current code uses an equality constraint, which is handled correctly.

Another thing to consider: the code could check the maximum correlation more efficiently. For instance, precomputing the shifts where the maximum might occur and focusing the optimization on those. However, that's complex to implement.

Alternatively, the code could use a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. For example, using FFT-based convolution. However, np.correlate already uses efficient algorithms, and FFT might not be faster for small n_points. But given that n_points is small, it might not matter.

In the end, the goal is to modify the existing code to find a better solution. The previous code uses several initial guesses and optimization steps. To improve it, perhaps we can:

- Use more initial guesses.
- Use more optimization steps.
- Use a different set of initial patterns.

But given the constraints, the code must be efficient. So, I'll proceed to adjust the code to include more initial guesses and possibly tweak the parameters of the optimization algorithms.

Additionally, I'll consider using a different method for the local optimization, such as using the COBYLA method which is suitable for bounded problems with constraints.

Another adjustment: in the previous code, the pulses and sawtooth are generated with specific frequencies and duties. Maybe varying these parameters more thoroughly could yield better guesses.

For example, for the pulses, trying frequencies from 1 to 5, and varying the duty cycle. Similarly for other waveforms.

But to keep the code concise, the guesses can be generated with varying parameters.

Alternatively, using a more systematic approach to generate guesses based on certain parameters.

In conclusion, the improved code will use more initial guesses, adjust optimization parameters, and possibly use different optimization methods to find a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(1, 6):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.15, 0.25, 0.35, 0.45]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))
    guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))
    
    def optimize_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = optimize_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=200, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = optimize_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = optimize.minimize(obj, best_h, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9}).x
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```