<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used an initial construction and tried various optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But the current best is still 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. My goal is to find a better solution.

First, I should think about the problem again. The task is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The lower C₅ is, the better.

The previous code used an initial construction with 45 points. Maybe starting from that is good, but perhaps I can find a better construction. Alternatively, maybe a different approach could yield better results. The previous code tried different pulse and sawtooth wave patterns as initial guesses. But maybe there's another way.

Let me consider the structure of the problem. Since we're dealing with integrals over shifted versions of h, maybe there's a way to structure h such that the overlap is minimized. One idea is to make h have a certain symmetry or periodicity that reduces overlap when shifted. For example, if h has a certain period, then shifting by that period could result in some cancellation. However, the interval is [0,2], so maybe symmetry over [0,1] and [1,2]?

Another thought: since the integral over [0,2] of h is 1, and the overlap integrals involve shifting, maybe the optimal h is a combination of multiple segments where the overlap is minimized. Perhaps a piecewise constant function that alternates between high and low values in a way that when shifted, the product h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) is minimized.

But how to model that? The previous approaches used optimization with constraints. Maybe using a different optimization method or adjusting the parameters could help. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution, which are good for constrained optimization. However, maybe using gradient-based methods with adaptive steps or other heuristics could find a better minimum.

Alternatively, could there be a way to model this as a convex optimization problem? The problem isn't convex, though, since the max over k of the integrals is non-convex. But maybe approximating it with some convex relaxation? Not sure.

Another angle: since the integral is over a shift, perhaps the maximum overlap corresponds to some specific value of k. If we can identify which k's are most critical, maybe we can focus the optimization on those. For example, if the worst-case k is around a certain shift, maybe adjusting h to minimize that particular overlap would help.

Wait, the current code uses scipy's correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum of that is the C₅ value. So for a given h, we compute all these overlaps and take the maximum. The previous code minimizes that maximum.

Now, how can I improve upon the existing approach? Maybe by using a better initial guess. The initial_h_values is given, but maybe generating new initial guesses based on different patterns could lead to better results.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of points, maybe using a smaller n_points? The previous code used 45 points. Maybe using a smaller number of points allows for faster optimization and possibly better exploration of the solution space. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences (less than 1k samples) are preferred. So 45 is acceptable, but maybe trying with a different n_points could help. But the problem says the initial_h_values is given, so if the initial has 45, perhaps it's better to stick with that.

Wait, maybe the previous code's approach can be enhanced. For example, using a more efficient optimization algorithm. The previous code used SLSQP with a certain number of iterations. Perhaps adjusting the parameters, like increasing the number of iterations or using a different method, could improve results. However, the time is limited, so the code has to run within 100 seconds.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess. The code tried various waveforms like pulses, sawtooth, triangle. What if I add more patterns or generate more diverse initial guesses? For example, maybe using random patterns, or more complex waveforms.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed seed, so maybe varying the seed could lead to different initial guesses. But the function is called with a seed parameter, which is default 42. However, the initial_h_values might already be a good starting point. So perhaps the initial guess is already good, but maybe the optimization can be improved.

What about using a multi-start approach with more varied initial points? The code tried several guesses, but maybe generating more initial guesses could improve the result.

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of differential evolution and local optimization. The previous code first does differential evolution and then uses SLSQP for refinement. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the population size in differential evolution could help, but that might take more time. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so it's a trade-off.

Another angle: the problem is similar to the problem of minimizing the maximum overlap, which could be related to designing a function that's as "spread out" as possible. So, perhaps h should be designed to avoid having high values in overlapping regions when shifted. Maybe a better approach is to use a function with multiple pulses or segments that are spaced apart in such a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

Alternatively, considering the problem as an optimization where the constraints are the integral of h being 1, and the objective is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlations. Since the cross-correlation is a convolution, maybe there's a way to model this with Fourier transforms, but I'm not sure how to proceed with that.

Wait, maybe using a different optimization framework. For example, using genetic algorithms, which could explore the search space more effectively. However, the previous code used differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm. But perhaps using a more sophisticated genetic algorithm or other metaheuristics could help.

Alternatively, using simulated annealing. But again, given time constraints, it's challenging.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of points. What if we try with a different number of points? For instance, maybe trying with 60 points instead of 45 could allow for a more refined function, but the time might be a problem. However, the user mentions that smaller sequences are preferred, so perhaps keeping n_points low.

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to construct the initial guesses. For example, instead of generating pulses and sawtooth waves, perhaps creating a random initial guess that satisfies the integral constraint. But the previous code already tried some initial guesses. However, maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given. Maybe the optimal h is similar to that, but adjusted. So perhaps starting from the initial_h_values and performing more aggressive optimization steps.

Another thought: the previous code uses the SLSQP method with a certain number of iterations. Maybe increasing the maximum iterations or adjusting the tolerance parameters could lead to better convergence.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, such as COBYLA or trust-constrained, which handles bounds better. But I need to see which method works best.

Alternatively, perhaps using a combination of methods. For example, after differential evolution, use SLSQP with higher precision. The previous code does that.

But how can I improve further? Let me think about the structure of the problem.

The overlap integral for a particular shift k is the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum of these, perhaps the function h should be designed so that whenever it is high, the shifted version is low, and vice versa. This suggests that h should be spread out in such a way that its support doesn't overlap much with shifted versions of itself.

This is similar to the concept of a "pseudorandom" function, where the values are designed to avoid correlation with their shifts. So, maybe using a function that is a set of non-overlapping intervals, arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap.

For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart by more than some distance, then shifts by that distance would make their intervals non-overlapping, leading to lower overlaps. But the integral constraint requires that the total area under h is 1. So, the more intervals, the smaller each individual interval must be.

But how to structure that? Suppose h is a function that takes the value 1 on several intervals, and 0 elsewhere. Then for any shift k, the integral would be the sum over intervals of the overlap between the current interval and the shifted interval. But this seems complex to model.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal h is a set of "blocks" arranged periodically. For example, if h is periodic with period T, then shifting by T would give h(x + T) = h(x), leading to the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + T)) = integral h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx. However, since h is periodic, the integral over the entire period could be managed.

But this is getting a bit abstract. Maybe trying to generate such a function computationally could help. However, since we can't use any external libraries except those specified (scipy, numpy, etc.), we need to find a way to generate these patterns.

Another idea: using overlapping intervals that are arranged in a way that their shifts don't have high overlaps. For example, if the function is 1 on two non-overlapping intervals, then shifting by half the length between them would lead to minimal overlap.

But again, how to construct this in code.

Alternatively, thinking in terms of the initial_h_values. Suppose the initial h is composed of a certain pattern, and we can modify it by adjusting individual segments. For example, if the initial h is a set of steps that are spread out, we can try to make them more spread out by moving certain parts.

But without knowing the exact structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the code provided by the user includes the initial_h_values, so perhaps the code can be modified to use that and then perform more optimization.

Another approach could be to use a metaheuristic that combines multiple strategies, such as using a genetic algorithm to generate diverse initial guesses and then refine them with SLSQP. But given the time constraints, it's necessary to find a way to optimize quickly.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution with a population size of 80 and max iterations of 50. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but that would consume more time. However, the budget is 100 seconds. Let me think about the computational cost.

Differential evolution's time complexity depends on population size and generations. So, with more generations or a larger population, it could take longer. Therefore, the code has to be optimized to use time efficiently.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where differential evolution is used to find a good starting point and then SLSQP is used for fine-tuning. The previous code does this. Maybe increasing the number of generations in differential evolution could help, but I need to check how much time that would take.

Alternatively, maybe the optimization can be done in parallel, but the code is written for a single CPU, so that's not possible.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, etc.), but maybe generating more varied initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, generating random initial guesses that satisfy the integral constraint. Let me think: how to generate a random initial guess?

To generate a random h that sums to n_points/2, we can sample from a uniform distribution, say, and then adjust to meet the sum. But that's not straightforward. Alternatively, generate a random binary array where the 1's are spread out, and then scale it to fit the integral. Wait, but the problem allows for step functions, which are piecewise constant, so h can be any array of values between 0 and 1, not necessarily binary. But generating a random initial guess could be done by taking random values between 0 and 1, then normalizing to meet the sum constraint.

But generating a random guess might not be efficient. However, adding more random guesses could help escape local minima.

Alternatively, the code could generate a few random initial guesses and optimize them. However, the previous code tried generating specific waveforms. But including a random guess might help.

But again, time is limited. Let me think about modifying the previous code's approach. The previous code used SLSQP with certain parameters and then differential evolution. Maybe adjusting the parameters of SLSQP, like increasing the number of iterations or the tolerance, could lead to better convergence.

Additionally, the code has a refinement phase where it applies SLSQP multiple times. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or allowing more iterations could help.

Another thing: the objective function is the maximum over all k of the cross-correlation. Calculating that for each guess is expensive. However, the code uses the numpy.correlate function, which is efficient. But for large n_points, this could be slow. However, the current code uses n_points=45, which is manageable.

So, perhaps the main area for improvement is in the optimization process. The previous code may have been stuck in a local minimum, so trying different initial guesses and refining them more thoroughly could help.

Another idea: instead of generating guesses from pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves, maybe generate guesses with varying patterns, such as random binary patterns, or patterns that alternate between high and low values. For example, a square wave with a certain duty cycle. Or even fractal-like patterns, but I'm not sure how to implement that.

Alternatively, trying more sophisticated initial guesses. For example, using a Fourier series approach, but that might be too complex.

Alternatively, using a piecewise linear function. But the problem allows for step functions, which are piecewise constant.

Another thought: the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap. So, for each possible shift k, the overlap is the integral. The maximum of these is the C₅ value. So, perhaps the optimal h minimizes the worst-case overlap. To approximate this, maybe we can focus on the most critical shifts. For example, if the worst-case shift is around a particular k, we can enforce that the overlap for that k is minimized.

But without knowing which k's are critical, it's challenging. However, maybe during the optimization process, we can use some constraints that target specific shifts. However, that would complicate the optimization problem.

Alternatively, the code could track the maximum overlap during optimization and try to minimize it. But that's what the current code already does.

Hmm. Let me think about the previous code. It starts with initial_h_values, then tries various guess functions. Then uses differential evolution and refinement steps with SLSQP. Maybe the code could be modified to use more advanced optimization techniques, like Bayesian optimization or other surrogate models, but that might be too slow or not applicable here.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization algorithm. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradients but can be effective. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method.

Another idea: parallelizing the optimization steps. But the code is constrained to a single CPU, so that's not possible.

Alternatively, using a different solver for the SLSQP steps, like using the ipoptr solver or others. However, the code uses scipy.optimize, which has various solvers.

Maybe the previous code could benefit from using a more efficient implementation of the objective function. For example, precomputing the cross-correlation in a faster way. However, the current code uses numpy.correlate, which is optimized.

Another thing: the current code uses the same function for all guesses. Maybe the initial guesses can be generated in a way that's more tailored to the problem. For example, creating a function that has segments arranged to minimize overlap. For instance, splitting the interval [0,2] into multiple regions where h is high and then shifted versions do not overlap.

For example, if we divide the interval into three equal parts, and set h to 1 on two of them. Then shifting by a certain amount would cause the overlap between the segments. But the integral is 1. So for three equal segments, each of length 2/3, if h is 1 on two, the total area is (2*(2/3)) = 4/3, which is larger than 1. So that's not allowed. So need to adjust. Maybe setting h to 1 on segments with total length 1. For example, two segments of length 0.5 each, placed in a way that shifting by 1 would have minimal overlap. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, think of h as a set of intervals where it is 1, and the length of the union of these intervals is 1. Then, for any shift k, the overlap between the original and the shifted intervals determines the integral. So, to minimize the maximum overlap, arrange the intervals so that the intersection with any shifted version is minimized.

This is similar to the problem of placing intervals in a line such that the maximum overlap after shifting is minimized. But how to model this as a function.

But since the function is continuous and piecewise constant, maybe this approach can be used. However, generating such a function programmatically is challenging. For example, placing intervals in such a way that their distances are spaced so that shifts by certain amounts don't overlap.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's difficult. Perhaps the initial_h_values is already a good approximation of such a structure.

Considering all this, the main areas for improvement are:

1. Using more diverse initial guesses to avoid local optima.
2. Optimizing the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.
3. Increasing the number of iterations in the optimization steps.
4. Using different optimization methods or combining them effectively.

Given the constraints, I think modifying the previous code to use more varied initial guesses and/or different optimization strategies could help. Also, perhaps adjusting the parameters of the existing methods could lead to better results.

Another idea: the current code uses the same initial guesses for all optimizations. What if we generate more guesses, perhaps using random patterns, and then optimize them. For example, adding a few random guesses to the list of initial guesses.

But generating random guesses could be done by creating a random array where the sum is n_points/2, ensuring the constraint. For example, generate a random array of values between 0 and 1, then apply a scaling factor to make the sum correct. However, this could lead to a lot of local minima, but with some randomness, it might help escape previous optima.

So, modifying the previous code to include some random initial guesses could be beneficial. For example, in the 'guesses' list, add some randomly generated h arrays that meet the sum constraint.

Another point: the previous code uses a fixed number of guesses. If I increase the number of initial guesses, maybe I can find a better starting point. For example, generating 10 random guesses instead of the previous ones.

But how to generate those random guesses? Let me think: create a random array with values between 0 and 1, then compute the current sum, and scale it to meet the target sum. For example, if the current sum is S, then multiply by (target_sum / S). But if the sum is zero (unlikely), this could be problematic. However, with random values, the sum will be non-zero.

Alternatively, generate a random array with values between 0 and 1, and then rescale it to meet the sum constraint. For instance, the code can generate a random array h_rand, then scale it to have sum h_rand * scale = target_sum. Thus, scale = target_sum / sum(h_rand). Then, clamp the values between 0 and 1 to ensure they are within the allowed range. But this may not be necessary, as h_rand was already in [0,1].

Wait, but numpy.random.rand could generate values between 0 and 1. So, generate h_rand = np.random.rand(n_points), then compute scale = target_sum / np.sum(h_rand), and then multiply by scale. However, this may cause some values to be above 1 or below 0, but since h_rand is already in [0,1], multiplying by scale (which is a positive value) would make the values larger than 1 if scale is above 1. So this approach may not work.

Wait, the target sum is n_points/2. So, the average value per element is (n_points/2)/n_points = 0.5. So, if we generate a random array of values between 0 and 1, the average would be around 0.5, but to get the exact target sum, we need to scale it. But this may require adjusting the values to be in the correct range.

Alternatively, generate a random array of values between 0 and 1, then adjust the values to meet the sum constraint. For example, using a convex combination. But this is getting complex.

Alternatively, generate a binary array (values 0 or 1) with the required number of 1's. For example, if the required sum is n_points/2, then have exactly half the elements as 1 and the rest 0. This would give a sum of n_points/2. This is a binary step function. So, generating random binary arrays with half 1's and half 0's. This would be an easy way to create initial guesses.

For example, for n_points even, generate a random permutation of n_points/2 1's and n_points/2 0's. Then, this would satisfy the sum constraint. This is an easy way to create a diverse set of initial guesses.

Adding such binary initial guesses to the previous guesses could help the optimization. So, modifying the code to generate some binary initial guesses.

But the previous code already uses some initial guesses, like pulses and sawtooth. Adding binary guesses would provide more diversity.

This could be a good idea. Let me plan to modify the code to include binary initial guesses. For example, generate a few random binary arrays with exactly half 1's and half 0's.

But wait, if the initial_h_values is given, perhaps the code could start by generating such binary arrays. However, the initial_h_values may not be binary. But the problem allows any step function, so starting from binary arrays is fine.

So, adding that as a new guess type could help.

In addition, the previous code uses the initial_h_values as one of the guesses. That's good.

Now, how to implement this in code. For the initial guesses, generate random binary arrays with half 1's and half 0's. So, for example:

In the code, inside the guesses loop:

Add:

for _ in range(5):
    indices = np.random.choice(n_points, size=n_points//2, replace=False)
    h_bin = np.zeros(n_points)
    h_bin[indices] = 1
    guesses.append(h_bin)

This would create a random binary guess with the required sum.

This could add some diversity to the initial guesses, which may help in finding a better minimum.

This is an idea that could be added to the existing code. So, modifying the generate guesses part.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed list of frequencies and duties. Perhaps varying the number of frequencies or making more combinations could help. But the time is limited.

Another idea: the code uses the SLSQP method with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the maximum number of iterations for the SLSQP optimizer could help converge to a better solution. For example, setting options={'maxiter': 500} instead of 200.

Additionally, during the refinement steps, using more iterations could also help. For example, increasing the number of refinement iterations.

But the time budget is 100 seconds. So, the code must balance the number of iterations with the time.

Putting this all together, the plan is to:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as one of the initial guesses.
2. Generate more initial guesses, including random binary patterns.
3. Use a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP for optimization.
4. Adjust the parameters of the optimizers to allow for more iterations and better convergence.
5. Perform multiple refinement steps to improve the solution.

These changes should help in exploring a larger part of the search space and potentially find a better solution.

Now, translating this into code modifications. The previous code had a 'guesses' list, which included various generated functions. Adding the binary guesses as described.

Also, adjusting the SLSQP options to allow more iterations. For example, changing the maxiter to 500, and decreasing ftol to 1e-10 for tighter convergence.

Additionally, during the refinement steps, increasing the number of iterations.

But with time constraints, the code must be efficient. For example, using differential evolution with a smaller population size and fewer generations, then refining with SLSQP.

Another optimization to consider is the use of the 'bounds' in the optimization. The previous code uses bounds and constraints, which is correct.

Now, integrating all these thoughts into the code.

So, the revised code would include:

- Adding binary initial guesses.
- Increasing the maxiter in SLSQP.
- Possibly increasing the number of refinement steps.
- Using more varied initial guesses to explore different regions of the solution space.

This should increase the chances of finding a better solution than the previous one.

Also, the code needs to be concise, within the limits of 300 lines and 12k characters. So, making sure the code is compact.

Finally, the code should return the best h_values, the C₅ bound, and n_points.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_binary():
        idx = np.random.choice(n_points, size=n_points//2, replace=False)
        return np.zeros(n_points) + (idx[:, None] == np.arange(n_points)[:, None]).astype(np.float64)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_binary())
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        guesses.append(np.clip((wave + 1) * 0.5, 0, 1))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        guesses.append(np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * 3 * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=30,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```