<think>
Okay, so I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get even lower, like 0.380876. The previous code used an initial construction with 45 samples and tried various optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe I can find a better approach.

First, let's think about the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x+k)) dx for each shift k. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1.

The previous approach tried several initial guesses and used SLSQP and differential evolution. But perhaps there's a better way. Maybe using different initial constructions or better optimization strategies.

One idea is to use more structured initial guesses. The initial_h_values is given, which is a 45-point array. Maybe I should consider how to generate other initial guesses that could lead to better results. For example, using periodic functions with different frequencies or duty cycles, but perhaps with more control.

Wait, in the previous code, they generated pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. But maybe there's a way to parameterize the initial guesses more effectively. Also, the current code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points=45), but maybe trying different n_points could help. However, the problem says to prefer smaller sequences with less than 1k samples, so maybe keeping n_points around 45-100 is better for speed.

Another thought: the previous code uses multiple SLSQP optimizations with different initial guesses, then differential evolution. But maybe the refinement steps could be more efficient. Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, might explore the search space better. But since the time budget is tight, maybe combining different methods is better.

Wait, the current code has some parameters that might be adjusted. For example, the number of iterations for differential evolution (maxiter=70), the population size (popsize=100), and the mutation parameters. Maybe tuning these could lead to better results. Also, the number of refinement steps might be adjusted.

Another aspect is that the overlap integral is calculated using the correlation. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the cross-correlation. The maximum value of this correlation multiplied by dx gives the maximum overlap integral. So, the code is correct in that aspect.

But perhaps there's a way to find a better h function by considering more structured patterns. For example, using a combination of steps that avoid overlapping too much when shifted. Maybe a uniform distribution of 1s and 0s, but arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. However, this is similar to the initial construction.

Alternatively, maybe the initial construction can be improved by modifying it. For instance, if the initial_h_values has certain patterns that are not optimal, perhaps adjusting those points. But without knowing the structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, since the user says to use initial_h_values directly if available, we can assume it's a good starting point.

Wait, the previous code tried adding random guesses, but maybe adding more structured guesses could help. For example, using a combination of different waveforms with varying parameters. Like, using multiple frequencies or duty cycles for the pulses and sawtooth waves. Maybe generating more initial guesses with varying parameters.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of the integrals, perhaps the optimal function h should be such that the overlaps are as balanced as possible. Maybe a function that is sparse and has repeating patterns that don't align when shifted. For example, a function with steps placed in a non-uniform manner.

But how to translate this into an algorithm? Maybe using a grid search over certain parameters, but with the given time constraints, that might not be feasible. Alternatively, trying to use a more efficient optimization algorithm. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach to guide the search, but that might be complex to implement within the time.

Alternatively, since the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, maybe combining them with more advanced techniques. For instance, using differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then refining it with SLSQP. But maybe the current setup already does that.

Another point: the number of function evaluations is limited by the time budget. The previous code uses a few iterations of differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could yield better results, but that might take more time. The code checks for the time remaining before the budget is up and stops early if needed.

Wait, the code has a loop that does a few differential evolution steps and then a few refinement steps. Maybe increasing the number of differential evolution iterations could help. Also, adjusting the parameters for differential evolution, like the mutation and recombination rates.

Another thought: the constraints are that the integral of h is 1. The previous code uses a constraint in the optimization, which is correct. But maybe the optimization is sensitive to the way the constraints are handled. For example, using a more robust solver or adjusting the tolerance settings.

Also, the initial guess is important. The previous code generates a variety of initial guesses, including random ones. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could prevent getting stuck in local optima. But generating too many could be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, considering that the current best is C₅ = 0.381142, which is slightly higher than the target 0.380876. So there's a small margin. Maybe the code could be modified to focus on reducing that small gap by exploring more promising regions.

Wait, the code's current approach uses multiple initial guesses and then runs differential evolution. Perhaps the initial guesses could be more targeted. For example, starting with the initial_h_values and then adding some perturbations to it.

Another idea: perhaps the current code could be modified to use a more efficient optimization library. For example, using the SLSQP method with tighter tolerances, or using a different solver like COBYLA. But the available solvers in scipy.optimize include SLSQP, COBYLA, etc. However, the previous code uses SLSQP.

Alternatively, using a combination of different algorithms. For example, using differential evolution to explore the search space and then using SLSQP to refine the solution.

Another point to consider: the code may not be making full use of the problem's symmetry. For instance, the interval [0, 2] can be considered as two overlapping intervals, so perhaps designing the function h to have certain symmetries could help minimize overlap. However, this is a bit vague.

Perhaps the best way to proceed is to refine the existing approach. For example, adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP steps. Let's think about the code structure:

- The initial_h_values is used as the starting point.
- Then, several other initial guesses are generated, like pulses and sawtooth waves.
- For each guess, SLSQP is run for some iterations.
- Then, differential evolution is run with a certain number of iterations.
- After that, refining with SLSQP again.

Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses, or using more sophisticated methods to generate them. Also, perhaps tuning the parameters of the differential evolution (like popsize, mutation, recombination, etc.) to get better convergence.

Alternatively, using a more efficient method for generating initial guesses. For example, instead of generating random guesses, perhaps creating some regular patterns with different frequencies and duty cycles that could lead to better overlaps.

Another idea: since the problem involves minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps considering the function h as having multiple blocks (segments) where it's 1 or 0. For instance, a piecewise constant function with certain intervals. But how to model that in the optimization? It might be complex, but perhaps using a more structured approach.

Alternatively, trying to find a function that is periodic and has a certain period that is not aligned with the shifts. For example, if the function is periodic with period less than the interval length, but arranged such that shifts by certain amounts don't cause overlaps. But again, modeling this in the optimization might be challenging.

Another thought: the overlap integral for a shift k can be thought of as the integral over the intersection of the support of h and the complement of h shifted by k. So, to minimize the maximum overlap, we need to arrange h such that whenever it's 1, there's minimal overlap with the shifted regions. This is similar to a covering problem, but in continuous space.

Perhaps the optimal solution is a function that is as evenly distributed as possible. But since the integral is fixed, distributing the 1s evenly might help. However, the exact arrangement is tricky.

In the previous code, using pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves as initial guesses could be a good idea. Maybe adding more such waveforms with different parameters. For example, varying the frequency or duty cycle.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed number of samples (n_points=45), maybe trying different n_points. The problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. However, the initial_h_values is for n=45. So perhaps trying with n=50 or n=60 could be better. But the code as is uses the initial_h_values's length. Maybe changing that to a different n_points could be beneficial. However, the problem allows using different n_points as long as it's under 1k.

But given that the previous code uses n_points=45 (since that's the length of initial_h_values), maybe trying a different n_points could help. However, since the initial_h_values is provided, perhaps the optimal solution uses that n_points. So I need to stick with it.

Another angle: the current code uses the differential evolution with popsize=100, but maybe a smaller popsize would be faster. Or, increasing the number of iterations. But with the time budget, the code must run within 100 seconds.

Perhaps the main issue with the previous code is that the initial guesses are not sufficient, leading to missing the optimal solution. Therefore, generating more diverse initial guesses could be beneficial. For example, adding more waveform types or varying their parameters.

Another idea: instead of generating guesses based on waveforms, perhaps using a more random approach. For example, creating several random permutations of the initial h, or adding noise to it, and then optimizing those.

But how to efficiently generate these guesses without excessive computation. The previous code already includes some random guesses, but perhaps generating more.

Another possible adjustment: in the refinement steps, using more iterations. For example, increasing the number of refinement loops. Also, adjusting the number of differential evolution steps.

Alternatively, adjusting the tolerance in the optimization methods. For example, lowering ftol and xtol in SLSQP to get a more precise solution.

Another thing: the code uses np.correlate, which might be faster than other methods. But is there a way to speed up the evaluation of the objective function? Perhaps, but the main issue is the optimization steps.

Another possible optimization is to precompute the shifts. Wait, the overlap integral for each k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The way the code evaluates this is by taking the full cross-correlation between h and 1 - h, then multiplying by dx. However, the maximum of these values is the C5 value.

But perhaps there's a way to speed up the evaluation. However, since the code is already using numpy's efficient correlate function, this might not be a problem.

In summary, the main improvements could be:

1. Generating more diverse initial guesses to avoid local optima.
2. Tuning the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP optimization steps.
3. Increasing the number of refinement steps.
4. Using more efficient initial guesses that are better structured.

Let me try to adjust the code to incorporate these ideas.

First, in the previous code, the guesses are generated with 3 frequencies (3 to 9) and some duty cycles. Maybe adding more frequencies or varying parameters could help. For example, adding more frequencies or different wave types.

Also, the code uses random guesses, which might not be the best, but perhaps adding some more structured guesses. For example, generating a set of functions that are known to have low overlap, such as a periodic function with a certain period.

Another idea: using a combination of several pulses or shaped waves. For example, generating a function that is 1 in a certain number of intervals and 0 otherwise, arranged in a way that the overlaps are minimized when shifted.

But how to translate that into code? Perhaps using a more systematic way to generate initial guesses.

Alternatively, using the current initial_h_values as the starting point and applying genetic-like mutations to it. But again, without knowing the structure, it's challenging.

Another possible approach is to consider that the optimal h is a combination of steps. For example, using a sparse set of 1s and 0s that are spaced out to avoid overlap when shifted. But how to model that.

Alternatively, perhaps using a non-uniform sampling approach. For instance, placing the 1s in h at positions where they are evenly spaced, but adjusted to minimize overlap.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to model.

Given that time is limited, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to generate more diverse initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters, and increase the number of iterations.

So, modifying the code's guess generation part. For example, adding more waveform types, using more frequencies, and varying duty cycles. Also, perhaps generating more random guesses.

In the existing code, the guesses include:

- The initial_h_values
- gen_pulses for freq 3-9, 0.5 duty
- gen_saw for freq 3 with 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5 duties
- gen_triangle for freq 3 with same duties
- Two random guesses

Maybe expanding the frequencies and duties. For example, adding more frequencies (say, 2 to 15), varying duties more widely, or adding more wave types.

But how many guesses can we add without exceeding the time budget? It depends on the number of generated guesses, but I think it's manageable.

Another idea: instead of generating waveforms, use a more general approach. For instance, using a set of functions generated by perturbing the initial_h_values. However, without knowing the structure, this might not help.

Alternatively, use a Latin hypercube sampling approach to generate initial guesses, but again, this requires more complex code.

Another thing to consider is that the initial_h_values might already be a good starting point, and perturbing it slightly could lead to better results. But the previous code already adds random guesses, which may help.

Perhaps combining the initial_h_values with other structured guesses. So, the code could generate more structured guesses (like pulses with varying frequencies and duties, sawtooth, triangle, etc.), and then run the optimization on each of them.

Additionally, increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution and the refinement steps. For example, increasing the maxiter from 70 to 100, and increasing the number of refinement steps.

Another adjustment: in the SLSQP method, increasing the maxiter from 300 to 500, and adjusting the tolerance settings.

Also, in the code, after the initial guesses, the differential evolution is run with 70 iterations. Maybe increasing this to 100 or 150 could help.

Another point: the code checks the time remaining and stops after 15 seconds. Maybe adjusting that to allow for more iterations.

But all these changes need to be tested within the time budget.

So, putting this all together, here's the plan for the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generate a variety of structured initial guesses, including pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves with different frequencies and duty cycles.
3. Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters (e.g., higher maxiter, different popsize) to explore the search space.
4. Refine the best solution found using SLSQP with tighter tolerances.
5. Increase the number of refinement steps to allow for further optimization.

In terms of code changes:

- Generate more initial guesses by varying frequencies and duty cycles.
- Adjust differential evolution parameters (like maxiter, popsize, mutation).
- Increase the number of refinement steps.
- Maybe add more random guesses or other structured guesses.

Now, considering the code structure, here's how I can adjust the existing code:

In the "guesses" list, add more frequencies and duty cycles. For example:

for freq in range(2, 15):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))

This would generate more initial guesses. Also, maybe adding more frequencies for the sawtooth and triangle functions.

Additionally, increasing the number of differential evolution iterations:

Instead of maxiter=70, set it to 120. Also, increasing the popsize to 150? Or maybe keeping it at 100 but increasing the maxiter.

Also, in the refinement steps, increasing the number of iterations from 5 to 10.

Moreover, in the SLSQP optimization, increasing the maxiter from 300 to 500.

Another adjustment: changing the mutation parameters in differential evolution. For example, using a wider range for mutation.

Another thing: the current code uses 100 seconds as the budget. The code checks the time remaining and stops early if needed. So, the loop for the differential evolution steps may need to be adjusted to allow more time.

Putting all these changes into code, here's the modified code structure.

But since the code needs to be concise and within the character limit, I need to make sure that the generated guesses are not too many. Also, ensuring that the code doesn't exceed the time budget.

Another consideration: the initial_h_values is provided, and the code should use it directly. So the initial guess is included.

In the original code, the initial guess is also part of the guesses list. So, the code starts with the initial_h_values and adds other guesses.

So, after modifying the code, the guesses list would have more entries. However, the time budget must be respected.

Alternatively, to speed things up, perhaps reducing the number of guesses and focusing on more promising ones.

In conclusion, the key changes are:

- Expanding the guesses with more frequencies and duty cycles.
- Adjusting the differential evolution parameters to allow more iterations.
- Increasing the refinement steps and SLSQP iterations.
- Possibly adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters for differential evolution.

Now, translating this into code, here's the modified approach.

The code will:

- Generate more initial guesses with varying frequencies and duties.
- Use differential evolution with higher maxiter and other parameters.
- Refine the best solution with more SLSQP iterations.
- Adjust the tolerances and other parameters to get better convergence.

So, the final code combines these changes, making sure to stay within the budget and return the best solution found.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 14):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))
    guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=120, maxiter=120,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-10)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(7):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```