<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous approach used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution with some initial guesses based on pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. The current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and the goal is to get even lower, like 0.380876.

Hmm, the user wants me to start from the current construction, which is available via initial_h_values. But maybe starting from other points could help avoid local minima. The previous code tried several initial guesses, but perhaps there's a better way to generate those initial points.

Wait, the previous code uses a lot of different shapes like pulses and sawtooth. Maybe I can try different patterns, like more complex waveforms or randomized initial points. Also, the optimization process might be too slow with the current approach. Differential evolution and SLSQP might not be the most efficient for this problem.

Another thought: maybe using a genetic algorithm or particle swarm optimization could explore the search space more efficiently. But the user allows using scipy's optimization functions. Alternatively, perhaps using a coordinate descent approach, where we iteratively adjust individual points to reduce the maximum overlap.

Also, the current code uses a fixed number of samples. The problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The initial_h_values has 45 points. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a better approximation? But with the time budget of 100 seconds, more points might slow things down. However, the current best is on 45 points. Let me check the previous code's parameters.

In the previous code, the n_points is 45. The user mentions that smaller sequences are better, but perhaps 45 is acceptable. Maybe I can try increasing it slightly, but I have to be cautious with time.

Another idea: the overlap integral is maximized over k. So, the current approach uses the max of the correlation. But maybe there's a way to model this as a min-max problem, and use more advanced optimization techniques. However, the constraints are that the integral of h is 1, and h is between 0 and 1.

Wait, the constraints are ∫h dx =1. So the sum of h values multiplied by dx equals 1. Therefore, for n_points points, sum(h) = n_points / 2.

The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a different optimizer, like Bayesian optimization, or combining multiple steps with different strategies.

Also, the initial guesses could be better. The previous code generated pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe generating some other patterns, like combinations of these, or random points, could help.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h function is periodic or has some symmetry. For example, maybe a piecewise constant function with specific intervals. But how to find that?

Alternatively, perhaps using a grid search over parameters of certain functions, and then optimizing. For instance, if I assume that the function is a pulse train with certain parameters, I could optimize those parameters. But that might be too restrictive.

Alternatively, maybe using a two-step approach: first, generate a set of candidate functions with different structures, and then perform local optimization on each. The previous code does something similar with the initial guesses, but maybe expanding that set could help.

Wait, the previous code uses a lot of different initial guesses, but perhaps there's a way to generate more diverse initial points. For example, using randomized initial points with certain constraints, or using more complex waveforms.

Also, in the previous code, after generating initial guesses, they perform differential evolution, then a few SLSQP refinements. Maybe the differential evolution is too slow, or the parameters need tuning. For example, using a smaller population size or fewer iterations might save time but still find good solutions.

Another idea: instead of using the same initial_h_values, perhaps generating several starting points with different structures. For example, using different frequencies and duty cycles for pulses, or varying the number of pulses.

Wait, the previous code uses gen_pulses, gen_saw, and gen_triangle with varying frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe adding more variations here could improve the initial guesses. For example, using more frequencies or different waveforms.

Alternatively, maybe using a random starting point. For instance, creating a random h that satisfies the integral constraint, and then using that as an initial guess. However, the previous code already uses some initial guesses based on functions, but maybe random initializations could escape local minima.

Another thing to consider: the evaluation function computes the max of the correlation. The correlation is between h and 1 - h shifted by k. So for each k, the integral is the overlap of h and 1 - h shifted by k. The maximum of these is C5.

So, the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap over all possible shifts. To minimize this, the function h should spread out its 1s and 0s in such a way that when shifted, the overlap with the complement is minimized.

Perhaps the optimal h is a periodic function with certain symmetries, but it's not clear. Alternatively, maybe the optimal h is constructed by placing 1s and 0s in a way that they avoid overlapping when shifted.

The current best C5 is 0.38085. To beat this, maybe the function needs to have a more even distribution of 1s and 0s. For example, in the initial_h_values, which has 45 points, the sum is 22.5. So each point is 1 or 0. Maybe using a more regular pattern.

Wait, the previous code uses initial_h_values as a starting point. Let me think about the initial_h_values. If I can't access it, but the user says it's available, I have to refer to it directly. So perhaps the initial_h_values is a specific pattern. But I can't modify it.

Another approach: using a more efficient optimization strategy. For example, using an alternating optimization approach where we fix certain parts of the function and optimize others. But this is vague.

Alternatively, maybe using a neural network approach to approximate the function h, but that might be too complex within the given time and code constraints.

Another idea: since the problem is a constrained optimization problem with a max function, perhaps using a reformulation where we minimize the maximum value, which can be transformed into a minimax problem. However, the max function is non-smooth, making gradient-based methods challenging.

The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, which are suitable for constrained optimization. However, the differential evolution might be too slow, especially with a large population size.

Let me think about the parameters. The previous code uses popsize=80 for differential evolution with maxiter=50. That's 80 * 50 = 4000 evaluations. Maybe reducing the population size or the maximum iterations could speed things up.

Also, the scipy.optimize.differential_evolution function can be slow, so perhaps a different approach is better. For example, using a random restart strategy with a local optimizer.

Wait, the previous code first uses the initial guesses, then runs differential evolution, then refines with SLSQP. Maybe the differential evolution can be replaced with a more targeted approach.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with a custom mutation operator. But again, scipy's built-in optimizers are perhaps more straightforward.

Another observation: the correlation is over all k, but the overlap is maximized. For each k, the value is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)). So, for each x, the overlap depends on how much h(x) and 1 - h(x +k) overlap. To minimize the maximum over k, we need to ensure that for any shift k, the overlap is small.

This seems similar to a convolution, so perhaps using Fourier analysis to understand the problem. But I'm not sure how to apply that here directly.

An alternative idea: to model the problem as a covering problem. If we can find a function h that avoids having too much overlap with its shifted versions, then the maximum overlap would be minimized. However, this is quite abstract.

Perhaps another approach is to use the fact that the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1. So, the average value of h is 0.5. The function h is a way to distribute the 1s and 0s over the interval. The goal is to distribute them such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

The optimal h might be similar to a binary signal with certain properties, but with continuous values. For example, using a function that is a periodic pattern with certain spacing.

Wait, in the previous code, they use functions like pulses, sawtooth, and triangle. Maybe trying more complex patterns or combinations could help. For example, using a combination of different pulses with varying frequencies and positions.

Alternatively, perhaps using a piecewise constant function with more segments. For example, dividing the interval into multiple intervals and assigning values to each. But how to find the optimal partition?

Another thought: since the problem is related to minimizing the maximum overlap, it's similar to the concept of a "maximal" and "minimal" overlap. To minimize the worst-case overlap, the function h must be structured to spread out its values as much as possible.

Given that the previous code uses initial guesses based on various waveforms, maybe generating more initial guesses with different parameters would help. For example, varying the number of pulses, their positions, and widths.

But generating all possible combinations might be computationally expensive. However, since the time budget is 100 seconds, maybe trying some more systematic variations could help.

Another idea: create initial guesses that are randomized but satisfy the integral constraint. For example, using random points with some constraints and then adjusting them. However, this might not be as effective as structured guesses.

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy approach where we iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap. For each iteration, find the k that gives the highest overlap and adjust the function to lower that value. But this is a heuristic and may not converge to an optimal solution.

In terms of code structure, the previous approach uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. So, generating more varied initial guesses could lead to better results.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses a fixed number of points (45) based on initial_h_values. Maybe trying a slightly different number of points, like 60, could allow for a better distribution. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. But 45 is already manageable.

Alternatively, maybe the current approach could be modified to use a more efficient optimization algorithm. For example, using a combination of genetic algorithms and local optimization.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code. For instance, increasing the number of initial guesses, tuning the parameters of the optimization steps, and ensuring that the code runs efficiently within the time budget.

Let me think about the code structure again. The code starts with the initial_h_values, then generates a set of guesses based on various waveforms. Then it applies SLSQP and differential evolution to refine these guesses. Finally, it performs some refinement steps.

Perhaps the key areas for improvement are:

1. Increasing the diversity of initial guesses.
2. Tuning the parameters of the optimization algorithms to make them faster and more effective.
3. Using more efficient optimization strategies, such as Bayesian optimization or other metaheuristics.
4. Exploiting the structure of the problem to reduce the search space.

Let me consider the initial guesses. The previous code includes pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more variations, such as combining pulses with different frequencies or overlapping them. For example, adding functions that are combinations of basic shapes.

Alternatively, using a random starting point that satisfies the integral constraint. For example, generating a random h and then adjusting it to meet the integral condition.

Another idea: instead of using fixed waveforms, generate random initial guesses that have varying patterns. For example, for each point, randomly assign a value between 0 and 1, then scale to meet the integral constraint. This could provide a diverse set of initial points.

But generating these random guesses could be time-consuming. However, if done efficiently, it might help escape local optima.

Another optimization: since the evaluation is the maximum correlation, perhaps the code can use a multi-start approach with different initial points, and then select the best solution.

But how to generate these initial points? The previous code uses several predefined functions, but maybe adding more varied ones.

In code terms, perhaps generating additional guesses by varying parameters of the existing functions. For example, varying the frequency or duty cycle of the pulse and sawtooth functions.

Another thought: the current code uses differential evolution with a population of 80 and 50 iterations. Maybe reducing the population size or increasing the number of iterations could be a trade-off. However, the time budget is tight, so reducing population size might save time but could lead to suboptimal solutions.

Alternatively, using a different optimizer for each initial guess. For example, using a more efficient local optimizer for each candidate solution.

Also, the code performs refinement steps with SLSQP. Maybe adding more refinement steps or adjusting the parameters of these steps could help.

In summary, possible improvements could be:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses.
- Tune the optimization parameters for faster convergence.
- Use more efficient optimization strategies.
- Explore different function structures for initial guesses.
- Combine multiple optimization methods.

Now, let's think about implementing these in code. Let's outline the steps:

1. Start with the initial_h_values.
2. Generate additional initial guesses, such as random points, combinations of waveforms, and variants of existing functions.
3. Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters to find a good solution.
4. Apply SLSQP refinement to further improve the solution.
5. Implement the code in a way that is efficient and fits within the 100-second budget.

Let's also consider that the previous code had a C5 bound of 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. So, a small improvement is needed. Perhaps the code can be modified to explore more diverse initial guesses and use more efficient optimization steps.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution is symmetric. For instance, the function h(x) could be symmetric around the midpoint of the interval [0, 2]. The previous code's initial_h_values may or may not be symmetric. If not, maybe generating symmetric initial guesses could help.

In terms of code, adding symmetry could be done by generating functions that are symmetric. For example, for a pulse function, creating a symmetric pattern.

Another approach is to use the fact that the overlap is maximized over all shifts. So, if we can ensure that the function h(x) is such that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized, then the maximum would be low. One way to achieve this is to make h(x) as spread out as possible.

For example, a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged to avoid overlapping when shifted. This is similar to a binary sequence with a certain spreading pattern.

However, the function is not necessarily binary, but a step function with values between 0 and 1. Perhaps a better approach is to use a function that modulates between 0 and 1 in a way that minimizes the overlap.

In terms of code, perhaps generating a function that is a combination of several pulses with varying positions and widths, ensuring that the total integral is 1. This could be parameterized and then optimized.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the most effective way is to enhance the existing approach by expanding the set of initial guesses and fine-tuning the optimization parameters.

Let me think about the code adjustments needed. The previous code has a section where it generates guesses using various waveforms. Maybe adding more guesses, such as more complex patterns or different combinations, can lead to better initial points.

Another idea: generate initial guesses by using a grid search over parameters. For example, for the pulse function, try different frequencies, duty cycles, and amplitudes. Similarly for the sawtooth and triangle functions.

Additionally, the code could include random initial points that satisfy the integral constraint. This would add diversity to the search space.

In code terms, generating a random initial guess could be done by first creating a random array, then scaling it to meet the sum requirement. However, this might not be very effective, but it's worth trying.

Another possible optimization is to use a different initial guess for the differential evolution, such as the best solution found so far. This way, the optimization process can focus on refining the best candidates.

Putting it all together, the code could be modified as follows:

1. Generate more initial guesses with various waveforms and parameters.
2. Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters (smaller population, fewer iterations).
3. Apply SLSQP refinement to the best candidates.
4. Use multiple rounds of optimization to iteratively improve the solution.

Now, translating these ideas into code adjustments. The main changes would be in generating more initial guesses and tuning the optimization steps.

For example, in the guesses section, adding more functions like random guesses, or varying parameters for existing functions.

But how to implement that concisely in code without making it too long?

Another approach is to use a combination of existing functions and random perturbations. For instance, starting with the initial_h_values and adding a few random variations.

In terms of the code, the existing guesses are generated with specific parameters. Expanding that could be done by adding more frequencies, more duty cycles, or more waveforms.

But the user's code already has that. Maybe increasing the number of different guesses would help. For example, adding more pulse frequencies or more sawtooth duty cycles.

Alternatively, adding a random initial guess generated by uniform random distribution and then scaled to meet the sum constraint.

So, in the code's guesses section, adding a random initial guess like:

guesses.append(np.random.uniform(size=n_points))
guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0.0, 0.5, n_points))

But then we have to scale them to meet the sum constraint. However, generating random guesses and then scaling could be a way to add diversity.

But the code needs to ensure that each guess satisfies the sum constraint. So for random guesses, we can generate a random array, compute its sum, and then scale it by (target_sum / sum(random_array)).

However, this process would need to be done for each random guess. This can be done in code, but might take some time.

Alternatively, generate a random array, and then adjust some elements to meet the sum constraint. However, this is complex.

Given the time, perhaps adding a few random initial guesses would be worth trying.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a fixed initial_h_values. If that is a good starting point, then the code could generate guesses based on perturbing this initial point. For example, adding small random variations to the initial_h_values.

But the user says that the initial_h_values is available and should be used directly. So, the code can't modify it, but can use it as an initial guess.

Another idea: the code's current guesses include several functions. But perhaps adding a new function type, such as a square wave with specific parameters.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimizer like COBYLA for the SLSQP steps, which is better for bound-constrained problems.

In terms of the code, changing the optimization method to COBYLA might be beneficial.

Another possible adjustment is to reduce the number of iterations in the differential evolution step to save time, thus allowing more rounds of refinement.

In summary, the code can be improved by:

- Adding more initial guesses, including random ones.
- Adjusting optimization parameters to balance speed and accuracy.
- Using different optimization methods for different stages.
- Exploiting symmetry and structural properties of the optimal solution.

Given the time constraints and the need to fit within the 100-second budget, focusing on adding more diverse initial guesses and optimizing the parameter settings might be the most effective way to improve the bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def random_guess():
        h_rand = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
        scale = target_sum / np.sum(h_rand)
        return np.clip(h_rand * scale, 0, 1)
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=30, maxiter=30,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.8), recombination=0.7, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```