<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral by finding a step function h that satisfies the given constraints. The previous program used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization, starting from an initial guess. However, maybe there's a better approach. Let me think about possible improvements.

First, let me understand the problem again. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and its integral over [0, 2] is 1. The previous approach tried different initial guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, and random functions, then optimized them with SLSQP and DE. But the current best is around 0.38085, and the target is lower.

What could be done differently? Maybe using more structured starting points, better optimization strategies, or improving the search space exploration.

One idea is to use a more efficient optimization algorithm. The previous code used SLSQP and DE, which might be computationally expensive. Maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach could be more efficient? But integrating that within the given time constraints might be tricky.

Alternatively, perhaps using a gradient-based method with more sophisticated constraints handling. Wait, the problem is non-convex because the objective function involves maxima over different shifts. So convex optimization might not work here, but maybe some heuristic could help.

Another angle is the structure of the optimal h. The previous code used pulse, sawtooth, and triangle wave patterns. Maybe combinations of these or more complex structures could lead to better results. For example, a piecewise constant function with multiple intervals, each set to 0 or 1, but arranged in a way that minimizes overlaps.

Wait, the function h is a step function, but in the problem statement, it's represented as n_points samples over [0, 2]. So maybe trying to create a more optimal pattern by considering the periodicity or symmetry.

Also, considering that the integral over [0, 2] is 1, which is half the total length of the interval. So the function h is a probability distribution over [0, 2], and the overlap integral is similar to some sort of probability of non-overlapping events shifted by k.

Another thought: maybe using a grid search with smarter sampling. But with the high-dimensional space (n_points parameters), that's not feasible. So heuristics are needed.

Looking at the previous code, it starts from initial_h_values (which is a 45-point array). Maybe the initial guess can be improved. What if we generate more diverse starting points? For example, using different frequency patterns, or more complex waveforms, or even random sampling with certain regularity.

Wait, the previous code generates guesses with pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Perhaps adding more types of waveforms or varying parameters more could help. But perhaps there's a smarter way.

Another idea: since the overlap is maximized over k, perhaps the optimal h(x) is designed to have certain spacing between the 1s and 0s such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. This is similar to a covering problem or a packing problem where we want the shifts to avoid overlapping as much as possible.

Alternatively, the problem resembles the concept of a "random" function that avoids overlaps. Maybe using a function with high entropy or randomness but still satisfying the integral constraint.

But how to translate that into an algorithm? Maybe using a simulation-based approach, where the function h is built by placing intervals of 1s and 0s in a way that overlaps with shifted versions are minimized.

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm with crossover and mutation. The previous code uses differential evolution, which is similar. Maybe tweaking the DE parameters could help.

Another thought: the current code uses SLSQP for refinement, but perhaps using a different optimization method, like Nelder-Mead, could yield better results. Or using a hybrid approach where different optimizers are used in different phases.

Another angle is to consider the dual problem. Since the maximum is over k, perhaps we can model it as a constrained optimization problem where the objective is to minimize the maximum of several integrals. This is a min-max problem, which is challenging. But maybe using a penalty method where the maximum is approximated by a combination of terms.

Alternatively, since the integral is evaluated by the convolution, maybe we can find a way to make the convolution minimized. But convolution is tricky to handle directly.

Let me think about the previous code's approach. The initial guess is the initial_h_values. Then, it generates various candidate guesses and optimizes them. The DE approach is used for a few iterations, then SLSQP for refinement. The problem with that approach could be that it's not exploring enough of the parameter space, especially if the initial guess is not good enough.

What if we try a different initial guess? For example, using a more optimized initial pattern. Perhaps a function that has a certain periodicity, like a square wave with certain duty cycle. Or a function that is designed to spread out the mass as much as possible.

Alternatively, maybe using a more structured approach. For example, using a function that has intervals of 1 and 0 placed in a way that each interval is spaced apart. For example, if we divide the 0-2 interval into multiple segments, each segment being 1 for a certain length and 0 for others. But the key is to arrange them such that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

But how to determine the optimal arrangement? That seems like a difficult problem.

Alternatively, maybe using a periodic function with certain properties. For example, a function that repeats every certain interval, ensuring that when shifted by k, overlaps are minimized. But again, finding the right parameters is tricky.

Wait, the problem is to find a step function h(x) with integral 1. Let me consider that the optimal h might be a piecewise constant function with certain intervals. Suppose we divide the interval [0,2] into m equal parts, and set each part to 0 or 1. However, the integral must be 1, so the total length of the 1 intervals is 1. But how to arrange them?

For example, if we divide the interval into 4 equal parts, each of length 0.5. Then, we could have two intervals of 1 and two of 0. But arranging them alternately would create overlaps when shifted. But maybe this is too simplistic.

Alternatively, using more intervals. For instance, if we have m intervals, each of length 2/m. Then, the sum of the lengths of the 1 intervals is 1, so the number of 1 intervals is (m/2). But again, the arrangement is critical.

But perhaps this approach can be considered in the code. However, with n_points being 45, splitting into smaller intervals might not be possible. But maybe the code can generate such patterns with certain spacing.

Another idea: perhaps the optimal h(x) is a piecewise constant function that is symmetric or has some regular structure. For example, a function that is a combination of two square waves with different frequencies. However, how to model this in code.

Alternatively, considering the previous code's approach, maybe the initial guess could be improved. The initial_h_values may not be the best starting point. If the initial guess is better, the optimization could find a better minimum. So maybe generating a better initial guess is key.

The previous code generates some guesses, including pulses, sawtooth, etc. Perhaps adding more specific patterns, like a combination of different frequencies or structures could help. For example, a function that has multiple pulses spaced out in a certain way.

But how to generate such initial guesses algorithmically?

Another thought: since the overlap is maximized over k, maybe the optimal h(x) should be such that for any shift k, the product h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) is minimized. To minimize the integral, we want h and 1-h to be as sparse as possible when shifted. So, the 1s in h should be spaced in a way that when shifted, they don't overlap with the 1s of another copy.

Wait, the overlap integral for a particular k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be written as ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. Since the integral of h is 1, the first term is 1. So the overlap integral is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. So, maximizing this expression is equivalent to minimizing ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, our goal is to minimize the maximum over k of 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx, which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum value of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx over k. Wait, no. Let me recheck:

Wait, the original problem says to minimize the maximum of the overlap integral. Which is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. Which equals the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. Since ∫h(x) dx = 1, this becomes 1 - ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx. So, the overlap integral is 1 - ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, to minimize the maximum overlap integral, we need to maximize the minimum of ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx over all k. Because the overlap integral is 1 minus that integral. So, the problem becomes maximizing the minimum over k of ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx.

But how does this help? Well, it's equivalent to finding an h which has the property that, when shifted by any k, the overlap between h and itself is as large as possible. Which might be easier to handle. But I'm not sure how to proceed from here.

Another approach: since the integral ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx is the cross-correlation at shift k. So, maximizing the minimum of this cross-correlation. So, the problem reduces to finding an h with the property that its self-correlation is as uniform as possible. That sounds like a codebook design problem. For example, like designing a sequence with low autocorrelation. But here, we need to maximize the minimum of the cross-correlation, which is slightly different.

Wait, in codebook design, we often want low cross-correlation for a set of code sequences. Maybe similar ideas apply here. For example, if we can design h such that its autocorrelations are as flat as possible, then the overlap would be minimized. But how to translate that into an optimization.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is highly periodic, but with a certain period that is not aligned with the shifts that are considered. For example, if h has a period of 1, then shifts by multiples of 1 might have different properties than other shifts.

But again, how to model this in code.

Another idea: given that the integral of h(x) is 1, perhaps we can use a function that is a multiple of a sigmoid curve or some other smooth function that can be adjusted to have the desired properties. But since h is a step function, maybe we need to approximate such functions.

Alternatively, instead of using a continuous function, we can model h as a piecewise constant function with certain parameters. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments, and setting each segment to 0 or 1. Then, the problem becomes an integer programming problem. However, integer programming is NP-hard, and with n_points up to 1k, it's not feasible.

But since the previous code uses a continuous optimization approach, perhaps the step function can be approximated by a continuous variable. So, the h[i] can be in [0,1], and the code treats them as continuous variables. However, for the optimal solution, maybe some of the h[i] should be exactly 0 or 1. But the current code allows them to be anywhere in between, which might not be optimal.

Wait, the problem says that h is a step function, but the discretization is given as n_points samples. So, perhaps the optimal h is a piecewise constant function with certain 0s and 1s. So the code could try to find the best such function, but with the continuous variables, it's possible that the optimal solution lies between 0 and 1. However, the previous code uses continuous variables, which might not capture the optimal step function. Hmm.

But given the constraints of the problem, perhaps the continuous approach is the best possible.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is evaluated via the convolution, perhaps the code can use a frequency domain approach. For example, transforming the problem into the frequency domain. However, the integral over x from 0 to 2 of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx is equivalent to the product of the Fourier transforms of h and (1 - h) shifted by k. But I'm not sure how to proceed with this.

Alternatively, using a greedy approach: For each shift k, find the h that minimizes the overlap. But since there are infinitely many k, this is not feasible.

Alternatively, perhaps consider the worst-case shift k. The maximum overlap occurs for some k. To minimize this, the function h(x) should be designed to avoid overlaps with itself for the most problematic shifts. However, how to determine which shifts are the most problematic.

Another approach could be to consider that for certain k, the overlap integral is larger. For example, when k is small, the overlap may be larger because the function is overlapping with a small shift. So, perhaps the optimal h should be designed to have minimal self-overlap for small k.

But again, how to translate this into an algorithm.

Let me think about the previous code's structure. The run function starts with initial_h_values, then generates several guesses and optimizes them with SLSQP and DE. Then, it refines the best solution with SLSQP again. The code has a time budget of 100 seconds. To improve upon this, perhaps the code can be optimized in terms of the optimization steps and guess generation.

One possible optimization is to reduce the number of guesses and focus on more promising ones. For example, if the initial guess is already quite good, spending more time refining it may be better. Alternatively, using different optimization methods for different stages.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, instead of using SLSQP for refinement, using a different method might converge faster. Or using a multi-start approach with different starting points.

Also, the current code uses a differential evolution for a limited number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a better mutation strategy could yield better results.

Another idea: the current code evaluates the overlap integral as the maximum of the convolution. However, the convolution can be computed more efficiently. For example, using the Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) to compute cross-correlations for all k. But the problem is that the convolution is then over a large range of shifts, and the maximum is taken. However, this might not be necessary. The code currently uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the full convolution. But perhaps it's possible to compute the cross-correlation for all k efficiently and find the maximum.

Wait, the current code computes the maximum of the cross-correlation, which is the same as the maximum overlap. However, the exact calculation depends on the number of points and the shifts. But the code is already using that.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses and then DE. Maybe using a grid search over parameters for the guessed initial functions could help. For example, varying the frequency and duty cycle of the generated functions.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initial guess. For instance, the initial_h_values might have certain patterns that can be improved. For example, if the initial guess has repetitive structures, maybe modifying those to have more spacing.

But without knowing the exact structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the user says that the initial_h_values is available as a global variable, so perhaps the code can take advantage of that.

Another possibility: the code could try different values for the number of points. The previous code uses n_points = 45, but perhaps using more points (up to 1k as per the budget) could allow for a better solution. However, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The initial code uses 45, which is small. But the previous program achieved a C₅ of 0.381142. Maybe using more points (like 100 or 200) could give a better bound.

Wait, but the user says that the code should be run with n_points as small as possible for faster optimization. So increasing n_points may not be the way to go. However, perhaps the previous code is not exploring enough possibilities with the current n_points. For example, maybe the initial guess is not optimal for the current n_points.

Alternatively, what if the code uses a different n_points? For example, using n_points = 100. But that would require more computation, which could be risky under the time budget.

But given the time constraints, perhaps using the same n_points as initial_h_values (like 45) is better, as it's faster to optimize.

Another idea: perhaps the previous code's approach of generating guesses could be enhanced by using more varied initial points. For example, combining multiple types of functions, or using trigonometric functions with different frequencies and phases.

Also, in the current code, the function gen_saw and gen_triangle are used with fixed frequency and duty cycles. Maybe varying these parameters more could lead to better guesses.

Another possibility is to use a combination of multiple pulses with different positions and widths to create a more optimal h function. For example, placing several pulses at different positions such that their shifts don't overlap much.

But how to implement this algorithmically. Maybe generating a set of candidate pulses with varying positions and widths, then combining them.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, the optimal h might be such that for any shift k, the product h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) is small. Which means that for any x, if h(x) is 1, then h(x +k) is not 1 for any k. But this is impossible unless the function is designed in a way that avoids such overlaps.

This sounds similar to the concept of a binary sequence with low autocorrelation. For example, in coding theory, sequences with low peak autocorrelation are used in communication systems to minimize interference. Perhaps the optimal h is a binary sequence that mimics such properties, but in a continuous interval.

But again, how to translate this into the algorithm.

Perhaps the code can use a similar approach to the construction of low autocorrelation sequences. For example, using a Barker sequence or other known sequences. However, these are typically for finite sequences over a certain length. But the problem here is over the interval [0, 2], which may require a different approach.

Another thought: since the function h is over [0, 2], and the integral is 1, perhaps it's optimal to distribute the 'mass' of 1s in h in a non-overlapping way for all shifts. But how to achieve this.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of multiple pulses, each spaced in a way that their shifts don't overlap. For example, placing pulses at positions that are spaced more than half the interval apart. But this might not work for all shifts.

But given the time constraints and the need to implement an algorithm, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code, making it more efficient and exploring different optimization strategies.

Let me think about how to modify the previous code to possibly improve the result.

First, the previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and DE. Perhaps using a more advanced optimization algorithm or tweaking the parameters of these methods could help.

Another idea: the DE method in the previous code is limited to a certain number of iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or using a more efficient mutation strategy could yield better results.

Alternatively, combining DE with a local optimizer like SLSQP might be better. For example, using DE for global search and SLSQP for local refinement.

Another idea: using a multi-start approach with more diverse initial guesses. The previous code generates a certain number of guesses, but perhaps generating more guesses with different parameters could help escape local optima.

For example, instead of using gen_pulses and gen_saw with fixed frequencies and duty cycles, vary them more and generate more initial guesses.

Also, the DE parameters might be tuned. For instance, the mutation range is (0.5, 0.95), and recombination is 0.8. Maybe adjusting these parameters could lead to better exploration.

Additionally, the previous code uses a fixed number of DE iterations (50). Increasing this number might help, but it could take more time.

Another thought: the current code evaluates the overlap integral as the maximum of the convolution. However, the convolution is computed over the entire range. Perhaps the maximum occurs at specific shifts that can be targeted. For example, the maximum overlap might occur around certain shifts like k = 0.5, 1.0, etc. So, perhaps constraining the optimization to focus on those shifts could help.

But integrating this into the code is challenging.

Alternatively, maybe the code can use a surrogate model or a response surface methodology to guide the optimization. However, this is complex and may not fit within the time budget.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed set of guesses for the initial points. Perhaps generating more guesses, such as different pulse sequences with varying frequencies and positions, or more complex waveforms, could lead to better initial points.

For example, besides the current guesses, adding guesses that are more random, or have specific patterns like a sine wave with certain frequencies, or a mix of different waveforms.

Additionally, the code could use a method like simulated annealing, but that may be too slow.

Another thing to consider is that the previous code uses the same initial_h_values as the starting point. Maybe the initial guess is not optimal, and generating a better initial guess is crucial.

Alternatively, the code could start with a different initial guess, such as a completely random function, but with the integral constraint.

But how to do that. For example, generating a random h with sum equal to target_sum. The current code has a gen_random function that does this.

But perhaps generating a better initial guess, such as a function with more structured patterns, could improve the results.

Another idea: the previous code uses SLSQP for refinement. The SLSQP method may get stuck in local optima. Perhaps using a different optimization method, such as BFGS or COBYLA, could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a global optimization algorithm like differential evolution but with more iterations and better parameters.

Also, the previous code's refine step runs SLSQP multiple times, but maybe that can be replaced with a better local optimization.

Another possible improvement is to include a more sophisticated constraint handling. For example, the current code uses an equality constraint for the integral sum. Perhaps adding inequality constraints or other constraints could help, but it's unclear.

Another thing to consider is the computational efficiency. The previous code may be spending too much time on some parts. For example, evaluating the objectives many times, which could be optimized with caching or early stopping.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to modify the existing code, improving the initial guesses, optimization parameters, and adjustment of the DE and SLSQP steps.

Let me outline possible changes to the previous code:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses. Instead of a limited set, use more patterns with varying frequencies and duty cycles.

2. Tune the DE parameters to improve exploration. For example, increasing the number of iterations, adjusting the mutation and crossover parameters.

3. Use different optimization methods for different stages: global search with DE, followed by local refinement with SLSQP.

4. Use a better initial guess, perhaps by generating a more optimal function from scratch.

5. Increase the number of refinement iterations to further improve the solution.

But how to implement these changes within the code.

Another idea: perhaps the code can use multiple optimizers and combine their results, selecting the best one. For example, using different optimization methods in parallel.

But under the time budget, this may not be feasible.

Alternatively, focusing on optimizing the initial guesses and the refinement steps.

Now, considering the code structure, I can think of modifying the code's guess generation, optimization parameters, and the number of iterations.

For example, in the current code, the guesses are generated with frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe generating more guesses by varying these parameters more.

Alternatively, using a grid search over frequency and duty cycles for the initial guesses.

Additionally, the previous code uses 3 different guesses for pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Maybe increasing the number of these guesses and varying the parameters more.

Also, perhaps using a more sophisticated random generation method, such as a better way to generate initial points that satisfy the integral constraint.

But the code already has gen_random for this.

Another possible improvement is to use the previous code's best solution as a starting point for the initial guesses. For example, if the refinement steps improve the solution, that could be used as a better starting guess for the next iterations.

But how to implement that in the code.

Alternatively, simplifying the code by removing some steps and focusing on the most effective ones.

Now, putting all these ideas together, I need to modify the previous code to implement these changes.

For instance:

- Increase the number of initial guesses by generating more pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions with varied parameters.

- Tune the DE parameters for better exploration.

- Increase the number of DE iterations.

- Refine the solution with more SLSQP steps.

- Use a better initial guess, such as refining the initial_h_values.

Additionally, perhaps switching the order of the optimization steps, like using DE first and then SLSQP, which might be more effective.

Another thought: the current code uses the initial_h_values as one of the guesses, but perhaps the initial_h_values could be improved. For example, refining it with SLSQP before starting the other guesses.

But that would require adding a step before the guess generation.

But the user says that the initial_h_values is pre-imported and should be referenced directly. So the code can use it as the starting guess.

In summary, to improve the code, here are the steps I would take:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses with varied parameters for the waveforms.

2. Use a more efficient optimization algorithm for the initial guesses and refinement steps.

3. Adjust DE parameters for better global search.

4. Increase the number of iterations for DE and refinement steps.

However, the previous code already has several of these. Perhaps the key is to use a different strategy for generating initial guesses and optimizing them.

Another idea is to use a multi-objective optimization approach, where the code optimizes both the integral constraint and the overlap integral simultaneously, but this is likely to be more complex.

Alternatively, perhaps using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) method, which can be more effective for certain problems. However, the scipy.optimize module does not have a built-in PSO, so that may not be feasible.

Given the time constraints and the libraries available, perhaps the best way is to refine the existing code by tweaking parameters and increasing the number of iterations.

For example:

- Increase the number of DE iterations from 50 to 100.

- Increase the number of refinement iterations.

- Add more initial guesses.

- Use different optimization strategies for different guesses.

But how to implement this in code.

Also, the previous code uses np.correlate, which may be time-consuming for large n_points. However, since the previous code uses a small n_points like 45, it should be manageable.

Another thing to consider is that the previous code uses a fixed dx of 2.0 / n_points, which is correct.

Now, to implement the changes in the code:

The initial code has:

guesses = [
    h,
    ... (other generated functions)
]

It could be augmented with more functions, such as more pulses with different frequencies and duty cycles, more sawtooth functions with different frequencies and duties, etc.

Also, the code uses a for loop to generate guesses: for freq in range(3,9) generates pulses with those frequencies. Maybe increasing the range to higher frequencies could provide better initial guesses.

Additionally, the gen_random function adds a few random guesses. Maybe increasing the number of random guesses could help.

However, this would increase the number of guesses, which may increase the computation time. But since the budget is 100 seconds, it may be manageable.

Another idea is to use a different function for generating initial guesses. For example, generating a function that is a combination of multiple waves, or using a sine function with a certain phase.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal function might have a symmetric structure, the code could generate guesses that are symmetric, or anti-symmetric.

But without knowing the exact structure, this is speculative.

Another possible change is to use a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, instead of using SLSQP for each guess, using a more efficient method for the initial exploration.

However, the current code uses SLSQP for all guesses, which may be computationally expensive, but the number of guesses is limited.

In summary, the main changes would be:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses by varying parameters more.

- Increase the number of DE iterations for global search.

- Refine the solution more thoroughly with SLSQP.

- Potentially adjust the optimization parameters (like ftol, maxiter) to allow for better convergence.

Now, to translate this into code.

The previous code uses the following for guesses:

guesses = [h]
for freq in range(3, 9):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
for _ in range(5):
    guesses.append(gen_random())

This could be expanded to include more frequencies and duties, or generate additional functions. For example:

for freq in range(3, 12):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.45, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(5, duty))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.45, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(5, duty))

This would generate more initial guesses with varying parameters. This increases the diversity of the starting points.

Additionally, the number of random guesses can be increased.

Another change is to increase the number of iterations for DE:

In the current code, after generating guesses, it runs DE for 3 iterations, each with 50 maxiter steps. Increasing the number of iterations, maybe to 5 or 10, could help.

Also, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Another idea is to use a better tolerance for the DE optimizer, like a smaller tol.

In the DE guess function, currently:

def de_guess():
    res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50,
                                         mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
    return res.x

Maybe increasing maxiter to 100, and adjusting mutation and recombination parameters.

Similarly, in the SLSQP optimization, the options have ftol=1e-11, which might be too strict. Maybe relaxing the tolerance allows for better convergence.

Also, for the initial guesses, using the gen_pulses with different frequencies and duties, and gen_saw with different frequencies and duties could provide a better starting point.

In terms of code changes, the guesses list could be expanded, and the DE parameters adjusted.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of DE iterations (3). Increasing this to 5 or 10 could allow for better exploration.

Another thing to consider is that the initial guesses may be too similar. By expanding the guesses, the code can explore more of the search space.

In addition to the previous code, the refinement steps could be modified. For example, running the SLSQP more times with different initial points.

But this requires adjusting the code.

Additionally, the code could use the results from the DE to generate better initial points for the SLSQP.

Another possible change is to precompute the maximum overlap for each guess, and then use the best guess as the starting point for SLSQP optimization.

In conclusion, the modified code would:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses with varied parameters.

- Use DE with more iterations and better parameters.

- Refine solutions with more SLSQP steps.

- Possibly adjust the optimization tolerance settings.

Now, translating this into Python code.

The code would include expanding the guess generation, adjusting the DE parameters, and increasing the number of iterations.

So, here's the revised code:

The key changes are:

1. Expand the list of initial guesses with more parameters for pulses, sawtooth, and triangle functions.

2. Increase the number of DE iterations.

3. Adjust the DE parameters like mutation and recombination.

4. Increase the number of refinement steps with SLSQP.

5. Possibly adjust the tolerance settings for optimization.

Additionally, the code would have to ensure that it does not exceed the time budget. For example, limiting the number of DE iterations to ensure that the code runs within 100 seconds.

Now, putting this all together into the code.

The final code will include these changes, making the guess generation more diverse, the DE more thorough, and the refinement steps more extensive.

Let me draft the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 12):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
        for freq in [3, 5, 7]:
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
            guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))
    for _ in range(8):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(7):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```