<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to minimize the overlap integral, which is defined as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h(x) is between 0 and 1, and the integral over [0, 2] of h(x) dx is 1. 

The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP optimization and differential evolution with some initial guesses. The target is to get a C₅ value lower than 0.380876. The current best is 0.381142. So, I need to find a better solution.

First, I should understand what the previous approach does. It starts with an initial guess and then applies various guesses like pulse, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random samples. Then, it uses SLSQP to optimize each guess and differential evolution to search for better solutions. Finally, it refines the best solution.

But maybe there are ways to improve this. One idea is to use different initial guesses or different optimization techniques. Also, perhaps the previous approach is stuck in a local minimum. To avoid that, maybe using a more diverse set of initial guesses or trying different optimization strategies.

Another thought: the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap. Maybe using a different approach, like splitting the interval into regions where h(x) is adjusted to minimize overlap. For example, using a periodic structure or some symmetry.

Wait, but the problem is continuous. How to model that? Maybe using a piecewise constant function with certain patterns. For example, using a periodic function with multiple pulses, but spaced in such a way that their shifts don't cause high overlap.

The previous code tried generating pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more types of waveforms or different frequencies could help. Also, considering that the overlap integral is over all shifts k, perhaps the optimal h(x) should have some regular structure that spreads the 1's in such a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Alternatively, think about the problem as covering the interval with regions where h(x) is 1 or 0, but arranged such that when shifted, the intervals of 1's don't overlap too much. However, since h(x) can be a step function with some intermediate values, maybe a more continuous approach is needed.

Another idea is to use a genetic algorithm with a different mutation strategy. The previous code uses differential evolution, which is a population-based method. Maybe tuning the parameters of the differential evolution or using a different optimization method like simulated annealing could help find better solutions.

But given the time constraints (100 seconds), parallelizing or using more efficient optimization methods might be necessary. However, the code must run on a single CPU.

Another approach is to use convex optimization. The problem is non-convex, so it's challenging. However, perhaps relaxing the problem or using a heuristic approach to approximate the solution.

Wait, the overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, for each shift k, we need to ensure that the integral is small. The h(x) must be designed such that for all k, the overlap is minimized.

Perhaps a good strategy is to create a function h(x) that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, but arranged periodically. For example, if h(x) is 1 on intervals of length a and 0 on intervals of length b, such that the total area is 1. Then, shifting this would cause overlaps.

But the exact choice of a and b would depend on the integration over different shifts. For instance, if the function has a period of T, then shifting by multiples of T would not affect the overlap. However, since the integral is over all shifts, including non-integer multiples, this might complicate things.

Alternatively, perhaps dividing the interval [0, 2] into segments where h(x) is 1 for some parts and 0 for others, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap with the original is minimized. For example, if the function is a union of intervals spaced apart by some distance, then shifting by certain distances would reduce the overlap.

But how to model this? Maybe using a binary step function with certain spacing. For instance, placing intervals of 1's in [0, a], [b, c], etc., such that the total length is 1. Then, for shifts that align these intervals, the overlap would be large. So, the goal is to arrange the intervals so that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized.

But how to find such an arrangement? This sounds like a covering problem with geometric constraints. However, solving it exactly might be difficult.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a convolution. The overlap integral for a given k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can also be written as the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x) h(x + k) dx. So, C₅ = max_k (1 - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx). Therefore, minimizing C₅ is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx over k. Wait, no: because C₅ is the maximum over k of (1 - the overlap integral). So to minimize C₅, we need to maximize the minimum value of the overlap integral across all k. That is, we want to maximize the minimal value of ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx for all k. Then, the minimal value of that would be the maximum over k of (1 - C₅). So, C₅ is 1 minus the minimal value of these integrals.

This suggests that the problem is equivalent to maximizing the minimal overlap for any shift k. This is a form of a maximin problem. However, solving this is tricky.

Another approach is to consider the function h(x) as a binary step function with certain intervals. Let's suppose that the optimal h(x) is a sum of step functions with specific patterns. For example, if the function is 1 on an interval A and 0 elsewhere, then the integral for shift k would be the length of the intersection between A and A - k. But since the integral must be 1, the length of A would be 1. However, this is only for a single interval, which might not be optimal.

But considering multiple intervals could be better. For example, splitting the interval into two parts, each of length 0.5. Then, the overlap for shifts that move one interval into the other would be the product of their lengths. However, this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a more complex structure. For example, using multiple pulses with varying positions. The previous code tried generating pulses, so maybe using different pulse patterns can lead to better results.

Another idea is to use a Fourier series approach. Since the problem is about minimizing the overlap over all shifts, perhaps the optimal function h(x) should have a certain frequency structure that minimizes the maximum cross-correlation. This relates to the concept of a "minimax" function in signal processing.

In signal processing, the cross-correlation between two signals is maximized when they are identical. So, to minimize the maximum cross-correlation, the function h(x) should be designed such that when shifted, it does not align with itself in a way that maximizes the overlap.

This suggests that the optimal h(x) should have a certain spread in frequency components, making it hard to align with its shifted versions. So, using a function with a balanced frequency spectrum could help.

But how to translate this into a numerical approach? Perhaps using a function that is a sum of sine waves with different frequencies and amplitudes, but constrained to the integral being 1.

Alternatively, using a random process. For example, generating a function where h(x) is randomly set to 1 with a certain probability, but ensuring the integral constraint. However, this might not be efficient, and the optimization could get stuck in local minima.

The previous code uses a combination of initial guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves) and optimization steps. But maybe adding more diverse initial guesses would help. For example, using a random binary pattern, or combinations of different waveforms.

Another thought: the current approach uses SLSQP and differential evolution, which are local and global optimization methods, respectively. However, maybe combining them with other methods like simulated annealing or genetic algorithms could yield better results. But given time constraints, it's better to focus on refining the existing approach.

The previous code has a problem: the initial guesses might not be sufficient. For example, the current code uses frequencies up to 9 and certain duty cycles, but perhaps other frequencies or waveform types could lead to better solutions. Also, the random guesses might not be effective.

Another idea is to generate more diverse initial solutions. For example, using different pulse trains with different spacings, or more complex waveforms like square waves with different harmonics.

But how to generate these algorithmically? For example, generating a square wave with a certain number of harmonics, or a random pattern with specific spacing.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess with certain properties. For example, placing 1's in a way that they are spread out as much as possible. For instance, if the function is 1 in several non-overlapping intervals that are spaced apart, this could help reduce overlap when shifted.

But the integral over [0,2] of h(x) is 1. So, the total area under h(x) is 1. For example, if there are m intervals where h(x) is 1, each of length l_i, then sum(l_i) = 1. However, the spacing between these intervals affects the overlap when shifted.

But how to determine these intervals? This is a combinatorial optimization problem, and solving it exactly is difficult. However, using a greedy approach could be feasible. For example, placing the first interval, then placing the next interval as far away as possible from the first, and so on, ensuring that the total length is 1.

But with the continuous interval [0, 2], this might not be straightforward. For example, placing intervals of length 0.5, spaced in a way that their shifts don't overlap much. However, this is just an idea, and the actual optimal solution might require more nuanced placement.

Another idea: since the integration is over [0, 2], and the function is periodic with some period, maybe the optimal solution has a certain symmetry. For example, h(x) repeats every T units, and the integral over each T is such that the total is 1.

But given the previous code's approach, perhaps modifying the initial guesses to include more complex waveforms could help. For example, using a mixture of sine waves with different frequencies and phase shifts.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of several pulses, such as a train of pulses with different amplitudes and positions, but optimized for the integral constraint.

But how to generate such a function in code? Maybe using a genetic algorithm to evolve the positions and amplitudes of pulses, but that might be computationally intensive.

Given the time constraints, perhaps focusing on refining the existing approach by improving the initial guesses and optimization steps.

The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations (300) and differential evolution with a certain popsize and maxiter. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the parameters could help.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method for some parts, or using a combination of different methods.

Another consideration: the evaluation of the objective function is computationally expensive. Each call to obj computes the cross-correlation, which for a large n_points could be time-consuming. However, given that the code must run within 100 seconds, optimizing the objective function computation could help.

Wait, the previous code uses np.correlate with mode "full". But for a 1D array, the full mode returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. However, the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx is equivalent to the cross-correlation between h and (1 - h) shifted by k. But since the shifts k can be any real number, perhaps we need to evaluate it over the range where the overlap is significant. However, the current code uses the full correlation, which includes all possible shifts. But for the problem, we only need to consider discrete shifts where the overlap is calculated. Wait, no: the problem is about continuous shifts, but the code uses the discretized version. Wait, the user's problem says that the evaluation computes C₅ as the max of the cross-correlation (which is discrete) multiplied by dx. So the code uses a discrete approximation to the continuous problem.

So, the function h is represented as n_points samples over [0,2], and the cross-correlation is computed over all possible shifts. But when the shift exceeds the length of the array, the correlation becomes zero (since the arrays are padding with zeros). However, in the continuous case, for shifts beyond a certain point, the overlap integral would be zero. Therefore, the code is correctly evaluating the cross-correlation and then taking the maximum value.

But the problem is that the cross-correlation for the full mode includes shifts where the two signals do not overlap. So, perhaps the maximum occurs for some small shifts. Therefore, the code may not be evaluating all possible significant shifts, but it's a discretization of the problem.

This suggests that the current approach is correct, but perhaps the number of samples (n_points) is not sufficient. However, the user's note says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The current initial_h_values has n_points = 45, which is less than 1k. So, perhaps using a larger n_points could lead to better results, but the code may not handle it due to time constraints.

But the previous code uses n_points = 45, but maybe using a higher n_points would allow for better accuracy and a more optimal solution. However, increasing n_points increases the computation time, which might be a problem within the 100s budget. So, there's a trade-off between the resolution of the function and the computation time.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed initial_h_values, but the user notes that starting from different initial points can help avoid local optima. So, perhaps generating more varied initial guesses, such as different pulse patterns, random binary patterns, or other shapes, could lead to better solutions.

Moreover, the previous code uses a loop over different frequencies and duty cycles to generate guesses. But perhaps adding more types of waveforms or varying the parameters more widely could help.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initial guess. For example, using a function that is designed to have minimal cross-correlation. For instance, a function that averages out the overlap across different shifts. 

Another thought: since the problem is similar to designing a function with minimal autocorrelation, which is a well-known problem in signal processing. In that case, the optimal function is often a sequence with low autocorrelation, such as a Barker code or other types of codes. However, these are typically for binary sequences. For continuous functions, it's more complex, but perhaps similar principles apply.

For example, using a binary function where the 1's are placed in such a way that any shift results in minimal overlap. For example, placing the 1's at positions that are as far apart as possible. However, this would require a binary function with as many 1's as possible but spaced out. But the integral constraint requires that the total area is 1. So, if the function is allowed to be non-binary (i.e., values between 0 and 1), then perhaps distributing the "weight" of the 1's in a way that avoids overlap when shifted.

But how to model this? Maybe using a binary function with a certain number of 1's spread out, but ensuring the sum is 1. For example, if the function has m intervals of 1's, each of length l_i, then sum(l_i) = 1. For example, with m=5, each l_i = 0.2, and spaced apart. However, this is just an idea and requires further exploration.

Alternatively, using a convex combination of pulses. For example, placing several pulses with varying widths and positions to spread out the 1's.

But again, this requires a way to generate these initial guesses algorithmically.

Now, looking back at the previous code's approach, the main steps are:

1. Start with initial_h_values.
2. Generate various guesses (pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves).
3. Use SLSQP to optimize each guess.
4. Use differential evolution to explore the search space further.
5. Refine the best solution with SLSQP.

To improve this, perhaps we could:

a) Generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, adding more types of functions (like square waves, sine waves with different frequencies, etc.), or using different parameters.

b) Adjust the parameters of the optimization routines. For example, increasing the number of iterations in SLSQP or differential evolution, or adjusting the population size and mutation parameters.

c) Combine different optimization methods, like using SLSQP for refinement and differential evolution for global search.

d) Try different starting points, not just the initial_h_values. For example, generating random starting points with certain properties.

e) Try to find a better initial guess than the provided initial_h_values. For example, starting from a more structured function that is likely to have good properties.

Another idea is to analyze the problem's constraints and find a mathematical approach. For example, the overlap integral can be expressed as the integral of h(x) over [0,2] minus the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, to minimize C₅, which is the maximum over k of [1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx], we need to maximize the minimum value of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over k.

This is a maximin problem. Solving it exactly is difficult, but maybe we can find a function h(x) that has a certain symmetry or structure that balances the overlaps for different k.

For example, if h(x) is symmetric and uniform in some way, it might balance the overlaps. Or if h(x) is designed to have a certain periodicity, making the overlaps similar across different shifts.

Another approach: since the integral of h(x) is 1, the function can be thought of as a probability density function. Then, the overlap integral for shift k is the expected value of h(x + k) when x is distributed according to h(x). Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap is equivalent to designing a density function that, when shifted, has as small as possible expected overlap.

This is similar to designing a distribution that minimizes the maximum overlap with its shifted versions. In probability theory, this might relate to certain types of distributions that minimize entropy or have low self-similarity.

But again, without knowing the exact properties, it's hard to proceed.

Alternatively, using a function that has certain properties, like being constantly 1/2 in some regions and varying in others. However, this might not help.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to enhance the previous code by:

1. Adding more initial guesses with different structures.
2. Tuning the optimization parameters to allow more exploration.
3. Using a different combination of optimization methods.

Looking at the previous code's initial guesses, it uses pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random guesses. Perhaps adding more types of functions or varying the parameters more.

For example, generating random binary patterns where 1's are spaced out. Or using a binary pattern that is a periodic function with a certain period.

Also, the current code uses a range of frequencies (3-9) for pulses. Maybe extending this to higher frequencies or adding more variations.

Another idea: instead of using fixed frequencies for the pulses, generate pulses with varying frequencies and amplitudes, or other shapes. For example, using a random pulse pattern with varying positions and widths.

But how to implement this in code? For instance, generating a pulse train with varying spacings and widths, ensuring that the sum of the areas is close to 1.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess that is a binary function (0 or 1) with the integral constraint, but since the problem allows for values between 0 and 1, this could be a starting point.

But the code's current approach uses continuous values, so maybe this isn't necessary.

Another idea is to use a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate solutions, allowing for more diversity in the search. However, this is computationally expensive and might not fit within the 100s budget.

Given these considerations, the main changes to make in the code would be:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses, including different types of waveforms and parameters.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization routines to encourage exploration.
- Possibly use a different optimization method or combination.

For example, the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a more robust optimization method, or adjusting the parameters of these methods.

Another point: the code's initial guess is based on the provided initial_h_values. Perhaps if there's no parent construction, starting from a different initial guess could lead to better results. But since the problem says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly, so we should not change that.

So, the plan is to modify the previous code by:

1. Adding more types of initial guesses. For example, including more waveform types or different frequencies and duty cycles.
2. Possibly increasing the number of initial guesses to explore more of the search space.
3. Adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP to allow for better optimization.

Let's try to implement this in code.

For example, the current code generates guesses for pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Adding more waveform types, like a sine wave or other functions, could help.

Another idea: using a function that is the sum of several sine waves with different frequencies, such that their integration is 1. This could be a more complex initial guess.

But generating such functions requires more code.

Alternatively, using a mixture of pulse trains with different spacings.

In code, the previous initial guesses are generated with functions like gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle. Adding a gen_sine function might help.

But for the sake of time and code conciseness, perhaps adding more variations in the initial guesses would be better.

Another change: the differential evolution uses a popsize of 100 and maxiter of 70. Increasing the maxiter or popsize might help, but it could take more time.

Another idea: using a combination of local and global optimization steps. For example, using differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then applying SLSQP to refine it.

The previous code already does this.

Another possible improvement is to use multiple different optimization methods in succession. For example, after differential evolution, use a more intensive SLSQP refinement.

Also, in the previous code, the initial guess is the initial_h_values, and then other guesses are generated. Maybe the initial_h_values is already a good starting point, but adding more guesses could help.

Another thought: the evaluation of C₅ is expensive, so the code should minimize the number of objective function calls. The previous code's optimization calls are limited, but perhaps there's a way to optimize the code to make the evaluation faster.

But that's probably not the case since the user has already accepted the previous code's approach.

Another possible change is to use a different method for the initial guesses. For example, using a random binary function with certain probabilities, but ensuring the integral constraint. For example, generate a binary function with 1's at random positions, then normalize it to have integral 1.

But this is just an idea.

In terms of code changes, let's think about adding more initial guesses. For example, including a sine wave variant.

So, in the previous code's guesses, after the initial guess (initial_h_values), it appends gen_pulses for various frequencies, gen_saw and gen_triangle for certain parameters, and random guesses.

Adding a sine wave function, for example, could be done with:

def gen_sine(freq, amp, phase):
    x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
    return np.clip(amp * np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x + phase) + 0.5, 0, 1)

But this is just an example. Adding such functions could provide more diverse initial guesses.

However, integrating all these into the code would require more code, but since the previous code is already quite long, it's better to focus on small changes.

Alternatively, increasing the number of frequencies or duty cycles considered in the initial guesses.

In the previous code, the pulses are generated for frequencies from 3 to 9, and the sawtooth and triangle waves have specific duty cycles. Maybe increasing the range of frequencies or duty cycles could help.

Another idea: use more random guesses. The previous code adds two random guesses, but perhaps adding more or using different random seeding could help.

Another possible improvement is to use the initial_h_values as the first guess and then generate other guesses based on perturbations of it. For example, adding noise to the initial guess and using that as a new guess.

But given the time constraints, it's better to proceed with modifying the existing code.

Putting this together, the modified code would:

- Add more initial guesses with different waveforms or parameters.
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP to allow for better exploration.
- Use a different combination of optimization steps.

So, modifying the code to include more initial guesses, such as different frequency ranges or waveform types.

For example, in the guesses section, adding more frequencies for pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves.

Also, increasing the number of random guesses.

Another change: in the previous code, the differential evolution is run for 70 iterations with a population of 100. Maybe increasing the maxiter to 100 and adjusting other parameters could lead to better results.

Another idea is to use a different optimization method for the refinement steps. For example, using the COBYLA method for SLSQP, which is more robust for bound-constrained problems.

But since the previous code uses SLSQP, which includes COBYLA as a possible method, it's already using it.

Another possible change is to use a different initial guess, such as a more uniformly spread function. For example, using a Gaussian-like function that is spread out.

However, this requires generating such a function, which may not be straightforward.

In code, the previous approach is to generate various guesses and then optimize them. To enhance this, the following changes can be made:

1. Expand the range of frequencies and duty cycles in the initial guesses.
2. Add more waveform types, such as sine waves.
3. Increase the number of iterations in differential evolution to allow for further exploration.
4. Use different initial guesses generated with various patterns.

In code, this would involve modifying the guesses section of the previous code. For example:

- Adding more frequencies for pulses: frequencies from 2 to 10 instead of 3-9.
- Adding multiple duty cycles for other waveforms.
- Adding sine waves and other functions.

However, without concrete examples, it's hard to code, but the key is to generate diverse initial guesses.

Another idea is to use a combination of different optimization methods. For instance, after using differential evolution, perform a few iterations of SLSQP with a larger number of iterations to refine the solution further.

Another potential change is to use a different objective function evaluation method. For example, precomputing some values or using faster implementations of the correlation.

But given the time, it's better to focus on the code modifications.

Putting it all together, the final code would build upon the previous one by:

- Adding more initial guesses with different frequencies and waveform types.
- Adjusting optimization parameters to allow for more exploration.
- Refining the solution with more iterations of SLSQP.

Now, translating this into code, the modified run function would include:

- More diverse initial guesses.
- Adjusted optimization parameters.
- Possibly a different initial guess based on the provided initial_h_values.

Given the time constraints, I'll proceed to code these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    def gen_sine(freq, phase):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(0.5 + 0.5 * np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x + phase), 0, 1)
    
    def gen_random_binary():
        return np.clip(np.random.random(n_points), 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 11):
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(4, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for phase in [0, np.pi/4, np.pi/2, 3*np.pi/4]:
        guesses.append(gen_sine(3, phase))
    guesses.append(gen_random_binary())
    guesses.append(gen_random_binary())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 400, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(6):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```