<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than that, maybe even reach 0.380876. The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from some initial guesses. But the user wants me to come up with a different approach, maybe to avoid local optima and find a better solution.

First, I should understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. Using the discretization, this translates to computing the correlation between h and 1-h, then taking the maximum value and multiplying by dx.

The previous code uses a variety of initial guesses, like pulse and sawtooth waves, and then optimizes them with SLSQP and differential evolution. But perhaps there's a better way. Maybe using a different optimization strategy, or a more efficient way to generate initial points.

Hmm. One thing to consider is that the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum overlap, which is a type of optimization problem where you have to balance the function's values across the interval. Maybe using a different starting point could help, such as more symmetric or periodic functions. Or perhaps using a more structured approach, like constructing h as a combination of certain basis functions that are known to perform well.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the overlap, maybe using a function that has a certain periodicity or symmetry. For example, a function that alternates between high and low values in such a way that overlapping with a shifted version doesn't lead to large products. The initial guess uses a 45-point grid, which might not be optimal. Maybe using more points could allow for a better approximation, but the user mentioned preferring smaller sequences with less than 1k samples. However, the code's previous version uses n=45, which is manageable.

Wait, but the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe using a lower n_points, say 30 or 40, could be better? But the initial_h_values may already be for n=45. The user wants to start from that construction. So perhaps incrementally improving it.

Alternatively, maybe the optimization can be more effective by using a smarter initial guess. The current code generates various pulse and sawtooth functions, but maybe adding more types of initial guesses, such as random patterns or other waveforms, could help. Or perhaps using a different method of generating initial points, such as based on some heuristic that's known to lead to good solutions.

Another thought: the optimization is a constrained problem, with the integral constraint. Using a method that handles constraints better could help, like a penalty method or a more robust solver. But the previous code already uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe adjusting the solver parameters, like increasing the number of iterations, or using a different solver like COBYLA, which is suitable for bound-constrained problems.

Wait, the user mentioned using scipy.optimize, and the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe switching to another optimization approach. For example, using genetic algorithms (differential evolution) with a better population size and mutation parameters. But the previous code already uses DE with popsize=100, which might be effective.

Another angle: the previous code uses multiple initial guesses and then refines them. Perhaps adding more diverse initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, generating random functions with different patterns, or using functions that are known to be good for minimizing overlaps. Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with more careful tuning.

Wait, the current code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point, so maybe modifying that initial guess could help. But without access to its exact values, I can't modify it directly. But the user says that initial_h_values is available, so I should use it as the starting point.

Another idea: the previous code runs SLSQP once for each guess, then uses differential evolution to improve further. Maybe using a more efficient way to do the optimization. For example, using a combination of local and global methods. Also, considering that the objective function is non-convex, getting stuck in local optima is a problem. So using a more global search could help.

Alternatively, using a different parametrization of the function h. For example, instead of directly optimizing the step function values, perhaps using Fourier series or other representations. However, that might complicate the optimization.

Wait, the problem is similar to designing a function that when shifted, overlaps as little as possible with its complement. This is similar to coding theory or signal design problems. For example, in cross-correlation minimization. Maybe using techniques from those fields could help.

Another approach: using a greedy algorithm. Start with the initial guess, and iteratively adjust small parts of the function to reduce the maximum overlap. But how to do that effectively?

Alternatively, since the overlap integral depends on the maximum across all shifts, perhaps the problem can be transformed into a minimax problem. For each shift k, the overlap is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The maximum over these integrals must be minimized.

But how to compute this efficiently. The current code uses the numpy correlate function, which is efficient. But the problem is how to optimize the function h to minimize this maximum.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can try to balance the function's values such that for any shift k, the product h(x)(1-h(x+k)) is small. This might require the function to be periodic or have a certain structure that makes overlapping shifts less impactful.

For example, if h is a sequence that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that the shifts don't align well. But with the integral constraint, it's not possible to have perfect alternation. Alternatively, using a function that has high values in regions spaced apart.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be something like a staggered pattern. Maybe the code can try to refine such patterns by adjusting the positions and widths of the high and low regions.

Another approach is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but it may take a long time. Perhaps using a combination of differential evolution with some local refinement steps would be better.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, the code must be efficient. So the previous code uses a multi-stage approach: initial guesses, then DE, then SLSQP refinement. Maybe that's still the way to go, but with some modifications.

Wait, the user mentioned that the previous code achieved a C₅ bound of 0.381142, which is higher than the target of 0.380876. So there is room for improvement.

So, what can I do differently? Perhaps:

1. Use a different initial guess that's more tailored towards the problem. For example, instead of generating pulses and sawtooth waves, creating a more structured initial guess based on known optimal patterns.

2. Adjust the optimization steps. For instance, using more sophisticated solvers, or adjusting the parameters of the optimization algorithms.

3. Use a different way to generate initial guesses. For example, generating random permutations or other patterns that meet the integral constraint.

4. Implement a more efficient way to evaluate the overlap integral, perhaps by precomputing shifts or vectorizing the operations.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different discretization. For example, using a grid where h is non-zero in certain intervals, and optimizing the positions and widths of those intervals. This could reduce the number of variables and make the problem more tractable.

But the problem requires the function to be represented as a step function with n_points samples. So maybe focusing on the positions and widths of the intervals where h is 1.

Alternatively, using a more mathematical approach: suppose that the optimal h(x) is built from a finite number of intervals. Then, the problem becomes selecting the positions and lengths of these intervals such that the maximum overlap is minimized. However, this seems like a combinatorial problem which is difficult to solve directly.

Another idea: Since the overlap integral is max_k ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx, and given that the integral of h is 1, perhaps we can find a function that has a low correlation with its shifted versions. This is similar to the concept of a "good" sequence in signal processing.

For example, in the case of binary sequences, the problem is related to the maximum correlation. However, here, the function can have continuous values between 0 and 1.

Perhaps the initial guess could be a function that alternates between high and low values with certain periodicity. For example, a triangular wave or a sawtooth wave with specific parameters.

But the previous code already tries those. Perhaps modifying their parameters or combining different waveforms.

Alternatively, using a more complex function that is a combination of several periodic functions, but ensuring that the integral constraint is satisfied.

Another thing to consider is the efficiency of the code. The previous approach uses multiple initial guesses and then refines them. However, the number of iterations and the time taken could be optimized. For example, reducing the number of initial guesses and focusing on the most promising ones.

Alternatively, using a more intelligent approach to generate initial guesses. For example, starting from the initial_h_values, and then perturbing it slightly in directions that reduce the overlap.

Another idea: The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum of this over all k, we need to ensure that for each shift, the product term is as small as possible. 

This integral can be viewed as the expected value of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) when x is uniformly distributed over [0,2]. If we can make this expected value small for all k, then the maximum will be minimized.

But how to design h to achieve this?

Perhaps using a function that has a certain "spread" in its values. For instance, if the function is concentrated in regions that are spaced apart, then shifts that overlap these regions would have lower products. But again, this is vague.

Alternatively, considering that for each shift k, the integral is equal to the area where h(x) and 1 - h(x + k) both are 1, which is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. So, the maximum over all k is the maximum over all pairs of intervals where h and 1-h are active.

But since h is a step function with a certain number of intervals, maybe the optimal h is structured such that the intervals where it is 1 are well-separated from each other, ensuring that shifting by any k doesn't allow both h(x) and 1 - h(x +k) to be 1. However, with the integral constraint, this is not possible for all shifts, but it might reduce the maximum overlap.

But how to design such a function with the integral constraint?

Alternatively, think of the problem as placing intervals of width w where h(x)=1, such that the total area is 1. For example, if the function is made of m intervals, each with length w, then m * w * 1 (since h(x) is 1 in those intervals) equals 1. Wait, no: the total integral is the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h is 1. So if the function has n points, the actual lengths would depend on the step function's structure.

But perhaps starting with a simple structure, like having a fixed number of intervals with certain spacing, and then optimizing the positions and widths.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem with the given constraints.

Alternatively, think of h as a function with a certain number of "on" regions. For example, if we have m intervals of length L, then the total length is m * L = 1 (assuming h is 1 in these regions and 0 elsewhere). But the interval [0,2] has length 2, so these intervals need to be placed within that. However, the exact placement would affect the overlap.

But this approach would require m to be chosen, and the positions and lengths of the intervals to be optimized. However, the previous code uses a discrete representation with n_points samples, which could be thought of as a piecewise constant function with steps between the samples. So maybe using a more structured approach in the optimization of the step function's intervals.

But I'm not sure how to implement this directly. Maybe instead of optimizing individual samples, model the function as having a certain number of intervals, and optimize their positions and lengths. However, that would require a different approach, perhaps using a more complex optimization setup.

Alternatively, since the previous code uses a certain number of points (n=45), perhaps trying to increase the number of points could allow for a better approximation. However, the user prefers smaller sequences, but maybe the initial solution is already for 45 points. If the code can handle it, maybe increasing n to a higher number would allow for more precise optimization. But the problem states that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, but 45 is way under that.

Another approach is to use a more efficient optimization algorithm that can handle the problem's structure. For example, using a coordinate descent method where each sample is adjusted iteratively to reduce the maximum overlap. However, this could be slow without effective heuristics.

Alternatively, the problem could be considered as a constrained optimization problem where the objective is to minimize the maximum overlap, and the constraints are that each h_i is between 0 and 1, and the sum h_i = n_points / 2.

But with the high dimensionality (n_points), this is a challenging problem. The previous code uses a multi-stage optimization approach, which is common in such scenarios.

Given that, perhaps the main improvements could come from adjusting the optimization parameters, trying different initial guesses, or using more sophisticated optimization methods.

For example, the previous code uses differential evolution with popsize=100, which could be too high for the time budget. Maybe reducing the popsize or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters could speed up convergence. Also, using a different solver for the local refinement steps, such as using a conjugate gradient method or another local optimization technique.

Another idea: the objective function is the maximum of the correlation values. To optimize this, maybe the code could use a more efficient way to compute and track the maximum, or use a penalty method where the objective is the maximum value plus a penalty for violating constraints.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can be more efficient in high-dimensional spaces. However, this would require implementing a Bayesian optimization library, which may not be feasible within the given constraints.

Alternatively, using a more focused search around the initial_h_values. The initial guess may already be close to a good solution, so maybe refining it with more aggressive local optimization steps.

Another thought: the current code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point, and then generates other guesses. But maybe the initial solution is already close to the optimal, and the improvements can be made by refining it more carefully.

But given the time constraint, it's important to balance exploration and exploitation. The previous code's approach may not be sufficient, so perhaps changing the optimization strategy could be better.

For example, using a local optimization method (like SLSQP) with a larger number of iterations, but only after obtaining a good initial guess. Or training a neural network to approximate the optimal function, though that might be too complex given the time.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess based on the initial_h_values. For example, taking the initial_h_values and modifying it by adding some randomness or perturbations that could lead to better overlap.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is related to the autocorrelation of the function h, perhaps the problem is related to minimizing the maximum autocorrelation. Techniques from signal processing for minimizing autocorrelation could be useful here. For example, using a function that is as orthogonal as possible to its shifted versions.

One such approach is to use a function with certain properties, like being a "flat" function, but constrained to integrate to 1. However, flat functions might not be useful.

Alternatively, using a function that has as much cancellation as possible in its shifted overlaps. For example, overlapping regions where h(x) is 1 and 1 - h(x+k) is 1 would contribute to the overlap. So, to minimize the maximum, we need to avoid such overlaps as much as possible.

But how to achieve this? It seems to require a careful balance between the areas where the function is high and the shifts that would cause overlaps.

Overall, the previous code's approach of using multiple initial guesses and refining them with SLSQP and DE might be a good starting point. To improve it, I can consider:

- Using more diverse initial guesses based on different waveforms or patterns.
- Adjusting the parameters of the optimization algorithms for better convergence.
- Reducing the number of initial guesses to save time, but focusing on the ones that seem promising.
- Using a different optimization strategy for the refinement steps, like using a more efficient solver.
- Experimenting with the n_points value to see if increasing it might lead to better results, though the problem prefers smaller sequences.

But given the constraints, I'll need to proceed with a modified version of the previous code, making adjustments to the initial guesses, optimization steps, and parameters.

Another possible improvement is to use a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, creating a function that is a modified version of the initial_h_values with certain adjustments, like smoothing or splitting intervals. However, without knowing the exact structure of the initial_h_values, this is difficult.

Alternatively, generating more varied initial guesses by combining different waveforms. For example, using a combination of triangle, sine, and square waves with different frequencies and duty cycles. This could cover more possibilities.

Also, considering that the initial code uses a fixed number of guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, etc.), maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could lead to better exploration of the search space.

Another thing to adjust is the use of the optimization algorithms. For example, using a hybrid approach where differential evolution is used for global search, followed by SLSQP for local refinement, which is what the previous code does. But perhaps adjusting the number of iterations or the parameters for better performance.

Furthermore, the code could include more sophisticated ways to generate initial guesses. For example, using a random permutation of the initial_h_values or applying some transformations to it.

In terms of code structure, the current code uses the initial_h_values, then creates several guesses, and then refines them. The main changes I could make are:

- Generating more diverse initial guesses (e.g., using different waveforms or random patterns).
- Adjusting the parameters of the optimization steps (e.g., increasing the maxiter for SLSQP or DE).
- Using a more efficient way to compute the objective function, perhaps by vectorizing parts of the code.
- Reducing the number of initial guesses to save time but focusing on the most promising ones.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values are used as a starting point, and then other guesses are added. Maybe the best approach is to create a new set of guesses that are more varied, or to find a way to improve the initial_h_values directly.

Another idea: the initial_h_values might not be the optimal, but it's a starting point. So, maybe applying some transformations to it to create better initial guesses. For example, creating a version where the high and low regions are more evenly distributed, or where the function has a more regular structure.

But again, without knowing the exact structure of the initial_h_values, it's challenging to specify.

Alternatively, use a random search approach, but that may be too time-consuming.

Given all this, the most straightforward approach is to modify the code to generate more diverse initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters, and refine the search process.

So, here's a plan:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as the first guess.
2. Generate additional initial guesses using various waveforms (e.g., sine, triangle, sawtooth) with different frequencies and duty cycles.
3. Generate some random initial guesses that meet the sum constraint.
4. Use differential evolution to perform a global search over a range of possible solutions.
5. Refine the best found solution using SLSQP with more iterations.
6. Track the best solution found within the time budget.

Additionally, adjust the differential evolution parameters to balance exploration and exploitation, and ensure that the SLSQP refinement steps are efficient.

To implement this, the code would need to generate more diverse initial guesses and optimize the steps properly.

Another possible optimization is to reduce the number of initial guesses to save time, focusing on the ones that are most likely to be useful. For example, generating a few different waveform-based guesses and some random ones.

In terms of code changes, the previous code already generates several guesses. To improve, I can add more, perhaps by varying the frequency and duty cycle parameters.

Additionally, the current code uses a fixed number of iterations for DE and SLSQP, which could be adjusted to fit within the budget. For example, reducing the number of iterations in DE to spend more time on refinement steps.

Another consideration is the objective function: the maximum correlation. The current code computes it using np.correlate, which is efficient. However, ensuring that the correlation is computed correctly is important.

In conclusion, the main idea is to improve the initial guesses and adjust the optimization steps to explore more effectively and converge to a better solution. This would involve generating more diverse initial solutions, optimizing the parameters of the optimization algorithm, and ensuring that the refinement steps are efficient and effective.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_periodic(freq, duty, phase):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x + phase)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7]:
        guesses.append(gen_periodic(freq, 0.5, 0))
        guesses.append(gen_periodic(freq, 0.25, np.pi/2))
        guesses.append(gen_periodic(freq, 0.75, -np.pi/2))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.25, 0.5, 0.75, 0.9]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))
    guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
        return best_h, best_c5, n_points
    
    res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=70,
                                          mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
    h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
    c = obj(h_opt)
    if c < best_c5:
        best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```