<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for C₅, which is the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of different optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess based on some pulse and sawtooth wave functions. But the user wants me to try something different to potentially get a better result.

First, I should understand the problem better. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is in [0,1] and integrates to 1 over [0,2].

The previous code uses a 45-point initial guess. The approach was to generate various waveforms and optimize them using different optimization algorithms. However, maybe there's a better way. Let me think about possible improvements.

One idea is to use a more targeted search strategy. The current code might be getting stuck in local optima, so maybe using a different optimization technique or a more efficient sampling method could help. For example, using a genetic algorithm or Bayesian optimization. But given the time constraints, I need something that can run quickly.

Another angle: the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum of a set of functions. This resembles a Chebyshev approximation problem, where we want to minimize the maximum deviation. Maybe using a method that directly targets minimizing the maximum overlap could be effective. Alternatively, using a more sophisticated gradient-based method with better convergence properties.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed set of initial guesses, but perhaps generating more diverse initial points or using a different starting point could lead to better results. Maybe starting from a more regular structure, like a periodic function with specific symmetries.

Another thought: since the overlap integral is the maximum over k, perhaps we can model this as a game between h and an adversary choosing the shift k. So, the problem is to find an h that makes the worst-case overlap as small as possible. This suggests that the optimal h should spread out the mass of the function in a way that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much.

The previous code uses SLSQP with constraints, which is good but might not explore the space effectively. Maybe using a different optimization library, like CVXPY, could allow more flexibility, but the user allows using scipy, numpy, and others. However, the initial code used scipy.optimize's methods.

Wait, the user is allowing to use CVXOPT, MOSEK, etc. Maybe formulating the problem as a convex optimization problem would be better? But the problem is non-convex because it's the maximum of integrals, which makes the objective non-convex. So convex optimization might not apply directly.

Alternatively, could we use a mathematical approach to construct an optimal h? For example, using Fourier series or other basis functions to approximate h, then optimize the coefficients. But that might require more complex setup.

Another idea: since the integral is over different shifts, maybe the optimal h has certain symmetries or periodic structures. For example, a function that is composed of several segments with specific lengths, such that when shifted, the overlapping regions are minimized. This could be similar to a partitioning the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 1 or 0, but with some overlap.

But given that h is a step function, maybe the optimal h is composed of a few discontinuities. However, the problem allows h to be any step function, not necessarily with only 0 and 1 values. The initial code uses a 45-point grid, which suggests that maybe more points could be better. But the user prefers a smaller n_points for efficiency.

Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The previous code uses 45 points. Maybe trying with more points could help, but the user's code uses 45, and the current record is with 45-point functions. However, the user's previous code might have used a higher number of points, but the initial code here uses 45.

But in the previous code, the initial_h_values is provided as a starting point. So maybe the initial guess is already good, and the code is trying to improve from there. However, perhaps there's a better initial guess. For example, using a different starting point like a sinusoidal function or a pulse train that's more optimally spaced.

Another approach: instead of using various random guesses, perhaps use a more systematic way to generate initial guesses. For example, generating multiple versions of the initial guess with different parameters and optimize each one.

Also, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but that might take more time. However, the time budget is limited to 100 seconds.

Wait, the previous code uses a time budget of 100 seconds. The code has multiple phases: first a few SLSQP optimizations on different guesses, then differential evolution, then refinement with SLSQP. Maybe the code could be optimized to spend more time on certain phases, or switch algorithms based on the time remaining.

Alternatively, could we use a different optimization method for the initial guesses? For example, using a genetic algorithm for the initial optimization steps, then refining with SLSQP.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can use a multi-objective approach where we minimize multiple overlaps at once. But the maximum is the critical part, so maybe that's not straightforward.

Alternatively, think of the maximum overlap as the maximum over k of the integral. Since the integral is over a shifted interval, perhaps the worst-case k is around certain values. For example, overlapping regions might be largest when the shift k is such that the period of the function h is related to k.

But I'm not sure. Maybe focusing on a specific set of k values that are likely to give high overlap, and optimizing h to minimize those specific integrals.

Another idea: since the function h is defined on [0,2], the shifts k could be in [-2, 2], but for the integral to be non-zero, k must be such that x + k is within [0,2]. So the valid shifts are from -2 to 2, but when integrated over x, the overlap depends on how h(x) and h(x +k) overlap.

But in practice, the integral for a given k would be the area of the overlap between h and a shifted version of itself. So the maximum over all such possible k is what needs to be minimized.

This seems related to the concept of a "spread" of the function, where a function with more spread out mass would have less overlap when shifted. But how to model that.

Alternatively, think about the function h as a probability distribution on [0,2], with the constraint that its integral is 1. The overlap integral for shift k is the expectation of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) over x, which is similar to the covariance or some measure of independence between h(x) and h(x +k).

But I'm not sure. Maybe not directly applicable.

Another approach: considering the problem as a saddle-point problem, where we want to find an h that minimizes the maximum overlap. This is a game between the adversary (choosing k) and the function h. To find the optimal h, perhaps we need to balance the overlaps for different shifts.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem. It's challenging.

Back to the code: the current code uses a combination of different guesses and then optimizes them. Perhaps trying more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using different shapes (like more complex pulses) or different ways of constructing the initial h.

The previous code uses gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle functions. Maybe adding more types of waveforms, or varying the parameters more. For example, using a combination of pulses and triangles.

Alternatively, the initial guess can be constructed by splitting the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 1 or 0, but arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. For instance, a function that is 1 over several non-overlapping intervals, spaced out to prevent overlapping when shifted.

But how to determine the optimal spacing. Maybe using a modular approach, like dividing the interval into equal parts, but with some variation.

Another idea: since the function is defined on [0,2], maybe using a function that repeats a certain pattern. For example, a piecewise linear function that alternates between high and low values.

But how to construct such a function. Maybe using an iterative approach where we adjust the positions of the steps based on the overlap computed for different shifts.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a variational one, where we can take derivatives and find the optimal h. But since this is a non-convex problem, that might not be feasible.

Another thought: the initial code uses SLSQP with constraints. The constraints are that the sum of h is fixed. But perhaps adding more constraints, like smoothness or other properties, could help, but that's not part of the original problem.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral. The current code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', but perhaps there's a way to compute the max over k more efficiently, especially for the optimization steps. However, the code already uses that method.

In terms of optimization methods, the previous code uses SLSQP for refinement and differential evolution for exploration. Differential evolution can be effective for global optimization, but it's possible that using a more advanced algorithm like particle swarm optimization (PSO) could yield better results. However, the user's code doesn't include PSO.

Alternatively, perhaps the code can be optimized to run more efficiently. For example, reducing the number of function evaluations by using a lower tolerance or fewer iterations in some steps.

Another angle: the problem requires finding a step function. Maybe the optimal solution has a certain structure, like being composed of a specific number of steps. For example, a function with as few steps as possible, or a specific pattern that's known from similar problems.

But without prior knowledge of the optimal structure, this is speculative. However, given that the previous code uses 45 points, perhaps using more points (but still under 1k) could allow for a better approximation of an optimal function.

Alternatively, maybe using a coarser grid but with more precise optimization. For example, using 60 points instead of 45, which might give more flexibility.

But the user's code already uses the initial_h_values which is 45 points. So maybe I should stick with that and try to optimize further.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given, but the user says that if it's available, use it directly. So in the code, the initial_h_values is used as the starting point. Maybe the previous code's initial_h_values is a good starting point, and the code uses various guesses to improve upon it. However, perhaps the code can be adjusted to use a different starting point, or to do more thorough optimization.

Another idea: the previous code uses multiple random guesses, but perhaps generating more systematic guesses, such as using a grid of parameters for different waveform types, or varying the duty cycle and frequency.

Alternatively, instead of using random guesses, use a grid search over certain parameters. For example, for the gen_pulses function, vary the frequency and duty cycle, and then optimize each of those. However, this might be time-consuming.

Other possible changes to the code:

1. Increase the number of iterations in the differential evolution phase. However, the time budget is tight.

2. Use a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using COBYLA instead of SLSQP, which might handle the constraints better.

3. Modify the initial guesses to be more varied. For example, using different starting points like sinusoidal functions with different frequencies, or more complex waveforms.

4. Use a multi-start approach, where multiple different starting points are tried and the best is kept.

5. Consider using a Bayesian optimization approach to select the most promising starting points, but that might require more complex setup.

6. Introduce a local search around the current best solution, using gradient-based methods to refine the solution further.

7. Try using different bounds for the optimization. For example, instead of the default bounds (0 to 1), maybe allowing for some more precise constraints based on the current solution.

But given time constraints, I need to find a way to make the code more efficient or effective without making it too slow.

Let me think about the previous code's structure. It first uses a set of initial guesses (based on pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random) and performs SLSQP optimizations on them. Then, it uses differential evolution for a few iterations, and then refines the best solution with SLSQP.

Perhaps the code can be modified to spend more time on the differential evolution step, or to use a better initial population. Another idea: instead of using random initial guesses, use a set of structured guesses that are more likely to lead to good results.

Alternatively, consider that the problem is similar to sphere packing, where the function h needs to be spread out in such a way that overlapping when shifted is minimized. So perhaps creating a function that has multiple segments arranged to avoid overlap when shifted.

For example, using a function that is 1 over specific intervals that are not aligned, such that shifting the function by a certain amount doesn't cause significant overlap. For example, a function with multiple peaks spaced out.

But how to translate that into code. Maybe using a function that is a sum of square waves or other periodic functions with different frequencies.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is the maximum over all possible shifts, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is as uniform as possible. However, the integral of h is fixed to 1, so uniformity is limited.

Alternatively, the function could be designed to have its mass spread out in such a way that any shift causes a certain amount of overlap, minimized as much as possible.

But without knowing the exact mathematical form, it's hard to construct. Perhaps the previous code's initial guess is already a good starting point, and the code should focus on refining it with more efficient optimization.

Wait, the previous code's current best C₅ is 0.381142, and the target is to get to 0.38085. So, a small improvement is needed. To get there, maybe trying more refined optimization steps.

Maybe the code could use a hybrid approach, where after some differential evolution steps, it switches to a more precise local optimization.

Another possible improvement: using a better initial guess. For example, instead of the initial_h_values provided, generate a more promising starting point. If the initial_h_values is known to be suboptimal, then starting from a different configuration could yield better results. However, the user provides initial_h_values, so we should use that.

But what if the initial_h_values is not the best? The code's current approach tries various guesses, so perhaps the initial_h_values is just one of them. However, the code's initial_h_values might be good. Let me think: the initial_h_values is a 45-point vector, which is the starting point. The previous code uses it as a base for optimization.

In the previous code, the guesses include the initial_h_values. So perhaps the code could be modified to try more variations of the initial_h_values, like different shifted versions or with different parameters.

Alternatively, trying to generate a more optimal initial guess by considering the structure of the problem. For example, using a function that is periodic with certain properties.

But again, this is speculative. Given the time constraints, I need to make changes to the code that can be implemented quickly.

One possible change: in the previous code, the differential evolution is run for 50 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the population size could help. However, the time budget might not allow that.

Another idea: in the SLSQP refinement stage, increasing the number of iterations. For example, the previous code does 5 iterations of refinement. Maybe more iterations could help.

Alternatively, introducing a cooling schedule or annealing process for the optimization steps.

Another possible change: instead of using the same bounds for all optimization steps, adjust the bounds based on the current solution. For example, if the current solution has certain values closer to 0 or 1, the optimization could focus on those regions.

But implementing that might be complex.

Another approach: since the overlap integral is being maximized over k, maybe the maximum occurs at certain specific k values. For example, the maximum might be at k=1, k=0.5, etc. So, maybe the code can focus on optimizing the overlaps for those specific k values, rather than all k.

But how to find which k's are critical. For example, if we can sample the integral for a few critical k values and minimize them, that might be more efficient. However, the original problem requires minimizing the maximum over all k, so this is an approximation.

Alternatively, the code could focus on optimizing the overlaps for the top few k values that currently contribute the most to the maximum. But that would require additional calculations.

Another idea: the previous code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the correlation for all shifts. However, the maximum can be found by looking at the maximum of this result. So, for the optimization, the function to minimize is the maximum of this correlation array. However, perhaps the code can compute this maximum more efficiently by focusing on the most critical shifts.

In any case, the code is already using the full correlation, so that's handled.

Another possible change: using a more efficient optimization algorithm. For example, instead of using SLSQP for refinement, use a gradient descent approach with momentum, or another variant.

But with the time constraints, I need to find a way to make the code more effective without overcomplicating it.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of iteration steps for each optimization phase. Maybe the code can be modified to use adaptive steps, where it runs longer if the best solution is improving, and stops earlier if no improvement is seen.

Alternatively, using early stopping criteria based on the change in the objective function.

But implementing that would require more code.

In conclusion, possible improvements to the code could be:

1. Use more diverse initial guesses, especially those with different structures.
2. Increase the number of iterations in the differential evolution phase.
3. Refine the optimization steps with more iterations or better settings.
4. Use different optimization methods for different phases.
5. Focus on optimizing for specific critical shifts that are likely to give the maximum overlap.

Given that the user's previous code's best is 0.381142, which is slightly above 0.38085, I need to find ways to get it lower.

Another idea: using multiple rounds of differential evolution with different population sizes or mutation parameters.

Additionally, perhaps combining the differential evolution with the SLSQP refinement steps in a different order.

Considering the time budget, the code needs to run efficiently. Hence, using a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP might be effective.

To implement these ideas, I will modify the code to try more structured initial guesses, increase the number of iterations for differential evolution, and refine with more SLSQP steps.

Also, considering the initial_h_values is provided, maybe the code can use that as a primary starting point and generate other guesses based on it.

In code terms, the previous code uses several guesses, including the initial_h_values. Perhaps generating more guesses based on modifications of the initial_h_values could help.

But given the code's current structure, I'll focus on increasing the number of optimization steps and probably the population size in differential evolution.

Another possible change: the initial code uses a fixed number of random guesses. Maybe adding more varied guesses, like different frequencies or duty cycles for the pulse and triangle functions.

Also, in the previous code, the refinement stage uses 5 iterations. Increasing that number could help find a better minimum.

Putting it all together, here's a plan for the new code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the base starting point.
- Generate additional guesses based on varying parameters of waveform functions (pulse, sawtooth, triangle).
- Use differential evolution with more iterations and population size.
- Perform multiple rounds of refinement with SLSQP, increasing the number of iterations.
- Ensure that the code stays within the time budget by using efficient methods and early stopping.

Now, translating this into code.

In the code, the previous approach uses a small number of guesses. To increase the number of guesses, perhaps adding more variations of the gen_pulses, gen_saw, and gen_triangle functions. For example, using different frequencies and duty cycles.

Also, increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution and the refinement steps.

Additionally, the code can be modified to use a higher number of iterations in the optimization steps, even if it takes more time, but ensuring that the total time doesn't exceed the budget.

Another possible change is to use a more efficient method for the initial optimization steps. For example, using COBYLA instead of SLSQP, which can be more efficient for problems with constraints.

But considering the time, let's proceed with modifying the code to increase the number of differential evolution iterations and refinement steps, and generate more varied initial guesses.

Here's the code modification plan:

1. Generate more guesses: add more pulses, sawtooth, triangle functions with varying parameters.
2. Increase the number of iterations for differential evolution.
3. Increase the number of refinement steps with SLSQP.
4. Adjust the parameters for differential evolution and SLSQP to allow for better convergence.

Now, implementing this in the code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 9):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```