<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get even lower, like 0.380876. The existing code uses SLSQP and differential evolution on a starting point with 45 samples. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, let me understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h(x) on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x+k)) dx. Since this is a maximization of integrals, minimizing the maximum value of these integrals is the goal.

The previous code tried various initial guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves, and used optimization methods. But maybe there's a way to design a better function from scratch. Since the current record is with a 45-point function, maybe increasing the number of points could help, but the problem says to prefer shorter sequences with less than 1k samples. So maybe staying around 45-100 points is better for time constraints.

Hmm. The existing approach uses a fixed starting point (initial_h_values) and then explores variations. But perhaps combining different strategies would help. For example, using a more structured approach, like a genetic algorithm, or incorporating some mathematical insights into the design of h(x).

Another thought: the problem has some symmetry. Since the function is defined over [0,2], and the integral is 1, maybe a piecewise constant function with certain symmetries can be optimal. The existing code uses 45 points, which is an odd number. Maybe using a more even distribution of points, or grouping them into segments that alternate between 0 and 1 in a way that minimizes overlaps.

Wait, the overlap integral for a given shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). To minimize the maximum of these over k, we need h(x) to be arranged such that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much with itself. This is similar to a code with low cross-correlation, like in coding theory. So perhaps using a set of points that are spread out as much as possible.

In the existing code, they tried generating different waveforms. Maybe a better approach is to use a set of points that form a periodic function with certain properties, or to use a binary sequence with specific autocorrelation properties. For example, using a Barker code, which has minimal autocorrelation. But Barker codes have length up to 11, so maybe not directly applicable here.

Alternatively, designing a function with high peak-to-average ratio but minimized cross-correlation. For instance, a function that is mostly 0 except for a few peaks, but spaced out so that when shifted, they don't overlap much. However, since the integral needs to be 1, the total area under h(x) must be 1. So the number of peaks and their widths would need to be adjusted accordingly.

Another approach: Since the problem requires minimizing the maximum of the cross-correlation integrals, perhaps focusing on optimizing for specific shifts that are likely to cause high overlaps. For instance, if the function is designed to have peaks spread out in such a way that shifting by any k would result in limited overlap.

But how to translate this into an algorithm? Maybe using a more sophisticated optimization method, such as quasi-Newton methods, or using metaheuristics like genetic algorithms. However, with the time budget, the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Let me think about how to improve that.

In the previous code, they start with initial_h_values and then several other guess functions. Maybe adding more diverse initializations would help escape local optima. Also, the DE part might be too slow for a 45-point function. Maybe reducing the number of iterations there, or using more efficient methods.

Another idea: the problem has a structure where the optimal h(x) could be a piecewise constant function with certain intervals set to 1 or 0. The existing code uses SLSQP to optimize these points. Maybe using a better optimization setup, like using constraints more effectively, or using a different method.

Wait, the current code's objective function is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation integrals. The problem is that the max is non-convex and difficult to optimize. So maybe using a more robust optimization approach, or trying to find a good local minimum through multiple initializations.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm where the individuals are the h_values arrays, with crossover and mutation operators that preserve the integral constraint. But with the time budget, implementing a GA might be challenging, especially in Python. However, maybe using a simpler variation, like simulated annealing with a good initial guess.

Another thought: the existing code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=45). If I can find that a higher n_points allows for a better C₅, but the problem prefers shorter sequences. However, maybe for a certain n_points, the optimal function is found. But given the time constraints, perhaps trying a higher n_points (but under 1k) could be useful.

Wait, the problem says that shorter sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The current initial_h_values uses 45 samples. Maybe increasing to 60-100 points could allow for more precise optimization. However, the code's initial approach might not be efficient enough for larger n_points. But given the time budget, perhaps focusing on optimizing the existing 45-point function further.

Let me look back at the existing code's optimization steps. They generate several initial guesses, then use SLSQP and DE. Maybe the refinement steps could be improved. For example, using more iterations in the optimization, or adjusting the parameters of the SLSQP solver.

Alternatively, maybe there's a mathematical way to design h(x) that can be checked. For instance, using a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged to minimize the maximum overlap. This is similar to a covering problem where the intervals are placed to avoid overlap when shifted.

But how to design such intervals? Suppose the function h(x) has m intervals of length L where it's 1, and the rest 0. The total area is m*L = 1. Since the domain is [0,2], perhaps m*L = 1, with L being the length of each interval. But how to arrange these intervals to minimize overlaps when shifted.

For example, if the intervals are spaced such that shifting by any k would not cause overlaps between them. This seems similar to a system of intervals with certain distance between them. However, since the function is on [0,2], the shifts can be up to 2. So maybe spacing the intervals so that the distance between them is more than the length of the interval.

But designing such intervals would require solving an optimization problem where the positions and lengths are adjusted to minimize the maximum overlap. However, this becomes complex when integrating over the shifts.

Another approach: considering that the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum of the convolution of h with (1-h). Since convolution is involved, perhaps using Fourier analysis. The cross-correlation integral is the convolution of h and (1-h) shifted. So maybe using the Fourier transform to analyze the problem. However, the integral of h(x) is 1, so the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1, and the integral of (1 - h(x)) is 1 as well.

The maximum of the cross-correlations would be the maximum of the convolution of h and (1-h). So, the problem becomes to find a function h with integral 1, such that the maximum convolution value is minimized. However, this is a non-trivial problem in harmonic analysis.

But using Fourier methods, the cross-correlation is the inverse Fourier transform of the product of the Fourier transforms of h and the conjugate of (1-h). However, since h is real and we are dealing with convolutions, the maximum is related to the magnitude of the Fourier transform. However, I'm not sure how this can directly help in optimization. Maybe using this insight to design h(x) with certain spectral properties.

Alternatively, the problem can be transformed into a quadratic optimization problem, but due to the max operation, it's still challenging.

Back to the algorithm. Let's think of the existing approach and how to improve it. The previous code starts with a certain initial guess and then tries various other guesses. Maybe adding more guesses that are structured, like using a periodic pattern with certain parameters. For example, creating a function that is made up of multiple pulses with varying widths and positions.

Alternatively, using a more systematic exploration. For example, instead of random guesses, using a grid search over parameters that define the shape of h(x). However, with 45 points, this might be computationally expensive.

Wait, the user's previous code uses a 45-sample initial_h_values. Maybe I can generate a better starting point by adjusting it. For example, analyzing the existing initial_h_values and modifying it to spread out the 1s and 0s more evenly.

Another idea is to use a greedy algorithm. Start with an empty h, and add intervals of 1 in such a way that each new interval minimizes the maximum overlap. But this is a greedy heuristic and may not lead to the optimal solution, but it could be a starting point.

Alternatively, using a more mathematical approach: suppose that the function h(x) is a step function with certain intervals. Let's say there are m intervals where h(x) is 1, and the rest are 0. Then the total area is m * (length of each interval) = 1. Let's denote the length of each interval as L, so m * L = 1. To minimize the overlap when shifted, the intervals should be spaced as far apart as possible. However, since the domain is [0,2], the total length is 2. The optimal spacing would be to have the intervals as far apart as possible without overlapping when shifted.

If the intervals are spaced by distance d, then shifting by d would make them non-overlapping. However, the exact calculation would depend on the length L of the intervals. For example, if each interval is of length L, then the minimum distance between intervals should be at least L to prevent overlap when shifted by L. But this is just a rough idea.

But how to translate this into a function. For example, if the function is 1 on intervals of length L, spaced with distance between them, then the maximum overlap for a shift would be the maximum number of overlapping intervals. However, this is a simplification.

Assuming that the optimal h(x) is made of such intervals, we could model it as such and try to find parameters that minimize the maximum overlap. For example, choosing m and L such that the total area is 1, and the intervals are spaced optimally.

But how to handle the shifting? For example, if the intervals are placed at positions x_i, then the overlap when shifted by k would depend on how many intervals overlap with their shifted positions. This seems complex, but for a regular pattern (like equally spaced), it might be manageable.

For instance, if the intervals are equally spaced and have length L, then the maximum number of overlapping intervals would be when k is such that the shift brings a new interval into alignment with others. For example, if intervals are spaced by s, then the overlap when shifted by s would be two intervals overlapping, but the maximum overlap might be two or one depending on the parameters.

This approach could be used to generate a candidate function, which could then be optimized further with numerical methods.

Another idea: the current code uses a differential evolution step. However, DE might be slow for larger n_points. Maybe switching to a more efficient optimization method, like a particle swarm optimization (PSO), but I'm not sure how to implement that in the given time.

Alternatively, using a more aggressive optimization strategy. For example, in the SLSQP steps, increasing the maximum number of iterations, or adjusting the tolerance to get a better minimum.

Another thing to consider: the problem requires that the integral of h(x) is exactly 1. The current code uses a constraint to ensure that. However, numerical optimization might have issues with the constraints, leading to suboptimal solutions. Maybe tightening the constraints or using a better optimization setup could help.

In the existing code, the initial guess is the initial_h_values. Maybe modifying this initial guess to have a better structure, such as having more evenly spaced 1s and 0s. For example, using a function that alternates between 1 and 0 every certain number of points, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, and I should use it directly. So I need to work with that starting point and try to improve it.

Another thought: the problem's current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get to 0.380876. So the allowed difference is very small. Therefore, the optimization must find a function that is extremely close to the optimal one. This suggests that a Global Optimization approach is needed, but with the time constraints, it's challenging.

Maybe using a combination of different optimization techniques. For example, first using a global optimization method to find a good candidate, then applying a local optimization method to refine it. The existing code does that with DE and SLSQP. Perhaps adjusting the DE parameters, or trying different initial guesses.

In the previous code, the DE is run for 3 iterations. Maybe increasing that number, but within the time budget. Also, the SLSQP refinement steps could be adjusted. For example, allowing more iterations or better convergence.

Another idea: using a more sophisticated initial guess. For example, generating a few different patterns and combining them. For instance, using a random permutation of the initial guess, or applying some transformations like scaling or shifting to create new candidates.

Also, the code uses several different functions to generate initial guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, and triangles. Maybe adding more functions or varying parameters of these functions.

But considering the time, perhaps focusing on refining the existing approach by improving the optimization steps. For example, in the SLSQP optimization, increasing the number of iterations and using a more precise tolerance.

Another thing to note: the current code's objective function is to compute the maximum of the cross-correlation. However, in practice, the maximum might be achieved for certain shifts. So, maybe the optimization could focus on a smaller set of shifts that are likely to contribute to the maximum, rather than computing all shifts. But this would require knowing which shifts are critical, which might not be easy.

Alternatively, the current code computes the full cross-correlation, which for n_points samples, results in a convolution of length 2n_points - 1. For n_points=45, it's 89 elements. The maximum of these is what's being minimized. So the code checks all possible shifts, which is correct.

In the previous code, the DE and SLSQP steps are used. Maybe trying to use a more efficient solver. For example, using the Scipy's COBYLA method, which is derivative-free and might handle constraints better.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is non-convex, and the DE step is a global optimization, while the SLSQP is local. So combining them effectively is important. Perhaps the previous code overuses the DE steps, which are time-consuming. Maybe reducing the number of DE iterations but using more SLSQP refinement steps.

Another idea: using the existing initial guess and applying some transformation to it. For example, applying a scaling of the values, or a permutation of the points. But this might not be effective.

Alternatively, considering that the initial_h_values might have certain flaws, modifying them by adjusting the positions of certain points. For example, finding regions where the function is high and shifting some of those points to spread them out more.

But how to do this algorithmically? Probably not feasible in the time.

Perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code's parameters and steps. For example:

- Increase the number of guesses generated for different functions.
- Use more diverse initializations.
- Adjust the tolerance and iterations in the optimization steps.
- Use a better solver for the local optimization part.

For instance, in the existing code, the SLSQP steps use a maxiter of 200 and ftol of 1e-11. Maybe reducing the ftol to a higher value would allow faster convergence, but at the cost of precision. However, the current code is already very precise. So perhaps this is not the case.

Alternatively, trying to combine different initializations with the current code's approach.

Another thing to note: the current code's DE step is called three times, but maybe this could be optimized by using a better population size or mutation parameters.

In the DE step, the parameters are:
- popsize=100, maxiter=50, mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9.

Reducing maxiter to 30 and increasing popsize could help. Or adjusting the mutation scale to better explore the search space.

But since the time is limited, it's important to balance between exploration and exploitation.

Another idea: since the problem is to find a better upper bound, maybe generating a starting point that's already close to the optimal and then fine-tuning it. For example, if the initial_h_values is a good starting point, then the SLSQP refinement steps can improve it further.

So, focusing on the SLSQP steps. The existing code applies SLSQP to each initial guess, then performs DE, then more SLSQP refinements. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps.

Also, ensuring that the constraints are handled properly. The constraint is that the sum of h_vals is exactly target_sum, and that each value is between 0 and 1. The current code uses SLSQP with the equal constraint, which should handle this.

Another possible improvement is to use a hybrid approach where after generating a good candidate with DE, perform multiple SLSQP refinements with different initial parameters.

In terms of code structure, the existing code is already quite involved. To improve it, perhaps:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses (like more pulse, sawtooth, and triangle variations).
- Use a more efficient DE implementation.
- Increase the number of SLSQP iterations and refine multiple times.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization solvers.

Additionally, considering that the previous code's best C₅ was 0.381142, which is slightly worse than the target of 0.380876, there's room for improvement.

So, the plan is to enhance the existing code by:

1. Adding more diverse initial guesses.
2. Improving the parameters of the optimization steps.
3. Ensuring that the DE and SLSQP solvers are used efficiently.
4. Applying multiple refinement steps to the best solution found.

Now, translating this into code.

First, in the initial guesses, the existing code creates several waveforms. Maybe adding more of them, like different frequencies or combinations of frequencies.

Second, the DE step can be optimized. Perhaps reducing the number of iterations but increasing the population size. Or using a different mutator.

Third, in the SLSQP steps, increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance.

Fourth, using more refinement steps.

Another thing to consider is the way the cross-correlation is computed. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which for n_points samples gives a result of length 2n_points - 1. However, the maximum of this is the value that needs to be minimized.

But since the maximum is computed over all shifts, the code is checking all possible shifts up to 2. For a sample of length n_points on [0,2], the shifts k can range from 0 to 2 - dx (since dx is 2/n_points). But the code uses the full correlation, which includes all possible shifts.

But the correlation is computed as the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx, which depends on the overlap between the function and its shifted version. So the code is correctly calculating this.

Now, to code this, I need to adjust the existing approach. For example:

- Generate more initial guesses by varying parameters of the existing waveforms.
- Adjust the DE parameters for better convergence.
- Increase the number of refinement steps in the SLSQP.

Let me think about implementing these changes in the code.

The existing code has a section where guesses are generated. Adding more generators, like more frequencies or duty cycles, could increase the diversity of initial solutions.

For example, adding more pulse frequencies, or generating more pulse and triangle functions with different parameters.

Additionally, the code includes a 'gen_random' function which creates a random initial guess. Maybe increasing the number of such random guesses could help.

In the DE step, the code runs for 3 iterations. Perhaps increasing this number, but within the time budget.

Another change: when using the DE solver, the 'mutate' parameters can be adjusted. For example, the mutation scale (0.5 to 0.95) might be too large or small for the problem, so adjusting it might improve the search.

Moreover, the current code uses a tolerance of 1e-9 for DE, which is very tight. Maybe relaxing this could save time, allowing for more iterations.

In the SLSQP steps, the code has a maxiter of 200 and ftol of 1e-11. Maybe reducing ftol to 1e-8 could allow faster convergence, as fine-tuning might not be needed.

Also, the refinement steps run for 5 iterations, which could be increased if time allows.

Putting all these ideas together, here's how to modify the previous code:

- Add more initial guess functions (e.g., more pulse, sawtooth, and triangle variations).
- Increase the number of random guesses.
- Adjust the DE parameters for better exploration (e.g., higher popsize, more iterations).
- Use more refinement steps for the best solution.
- Adjust the SLSQP parameters for better convergence.

Now, translating this into code:

The initial guesses are generated with frequencies 3-8 and various duty cycles. Adding more frequencies or duty cycles could help. For example, adding frequencies up to 10, and duty cycles with more steps.

Also, adding more random guesses, perhaps 10 instead of 5.

In the DE step, increment maxiter to 100, but if that's too slow, it may need to be adjusted. But given the time budget, it might be feasible.

In the SLSQP refinement steps, increasing the number of iterations from 5 to 10, but again, time is a factor.

Another possible optimization is to use a parallel approach, but given that only one CPU is available, that's not possible.

Finally, the code needs to be concise and fit the constraints. So, for the code block, I need to include these modifications while keeping the code under 300 lines and 12k characters.

In summary, the code should:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses.
- Use DE with adjusted parameters for more exploration.
- Use SLSQP with adjusted parameters for refinement.
- Perform more refinement steps to improve the solution.

Considering all this, here's the revised code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 11):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 1.2), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-6)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```