<think>
Okay, let's see. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code tried using various guesses and optimization methods, but maybe there's a better approach. The current record is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876, so even a slight improvement would be great.

First, I need to understand the problem better. The function h is a step function on [0,2] with integral 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. The smaller this maximum, the better. So, the challenge is to design h such that when shifted by any k, the overlap with its complement is minimized.

The previous approach used SLSQP and differential evolution with some initial guesses. But maybe other heuristics or optimization techniques could work better. Also, the initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point, but maybe there's a way to explore more diverse initial configurations.

Hmm. Maybe using a different optimization strategy, like gradient-based methods or more efficient global optimization. Alternatively, maybe applying a different structure to h, like using multiple pulses or a more complex waveform that's better at minimizing overlap.

Wait, the current code uses a lot of different initial guesses, like sine waves, sawtooth, triangle waves, etc. Maybe trying more structured patterns. Another thought: the problem resembles the design of a set of points with minimal overlap when shifted. Perhaps using a more regular or symmetric pattern could help.

Also, considering the constraints, the integral of h is fixed. So, the total area under h is 1, meaning that h represents a probability distribution over the interval [0,2]. The overlap integral can be thought of as the expected value of (1 - h(x +k)) when x is sampled from h's distribution. But since we're maximizing over k, we need to ensure that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized.

Another approach is to model this as an optimization problem with constraints. The previous code uses scipy.optimize with SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe combining different methods or adjusting their parameters could lead to better results. Also, perhaps refining the search space more effectively.

I also notice that the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=45) and that the initial_h_values might be for that n. Maybe trying a different n_points could help. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So, maybe using a larger n (but still under 1k) could provide more precision. Wait, but the previous code uses n=45. Maybe the initial_h_values is for n=45, but perhaps trying other n values could be better. However, changing n might complicate the problem, as the discretization and the integral constraints would change. It's probably better to stick with the same n as the initial_h_values to maintain consistency.

Another idea: using a genetic algorithm with more efficient mutation and crossover strategies. The current code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but maybe tweaking the parameters (like population size, mutation rates) could help. Also, maybe combining with local optimization steps like SLSQP after finding a good candidate.

Wait, but the problem is that the previous code already uses differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe the issue is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough or not effective in exploring the search space. Alternatively, maybe the current setup is getting stuck in local optima, and a different starting point could help.

Another thought: the overlap integral is maximized over k. So, perhaps we can model this as a convolution problem. The integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx is equivalent to the convolution of h with (1 - h) evaluated at k, scaled by dx. So, the maximum over k is the maximum value of this convolution. Therefore, the problem reduces to finding h such that the maximum of this convolution is minimized.

To minimize the maximum of the convolution, h should be designed to have minimal correlation with its complement. So, perhaps using a function that is as "spread out" as possible, avoiding overlaps when shifted.

But how to translate this into a numerical method? The previous approach uses random guesses and optimization. Maybe trying a different initial design, like a combination of pulses spaced in a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

Alternatively, using a more systematic approach, such as gradient descent with a custom loss function. However, the function to minimize is non-smooth because the maximum is taken over k. Maybe we can approximate it by considering the maximum over a discretized set of k's, but that could be computationally intensive.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can be more efficient in high-dimensional spaces. But scipy might not have that implemented, or it's not straightforward.

Another angle: since the integral of h is 1, the problem is related to the design of a function that is as "balanced" as possible across the interval. Perhaps a piecewise constant function that is constant over intervals of length 1/3 or something similar. For example, if h is made up of three equal segments, but that's just a guess.

Alternatively, considering the problem's symmetry. The interval [0,2], so maybe designing h to be symmetric around 1. That might help in distributing the area evenly and reducing overlaps.

Wait, but the previous code uses initial_h_values, which might have a certain symmetry. Maybe modifying that initial configuration would help. For example, adjusting the positions of the pulses or the distribution of the steps.

Another idea: using a Fourier-based approach. Since the overlap integral is related to the convolution, maybe transforming the problem into the frequency domain. However, since the functions are step functions, this might complicate things. But perhaps using a variational approach where we model the function h as a Fourier series and minimize the maximum overlap.

However, that might be more complex to implement numerically. Considering the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to modify the existing optimization routine to explore more effectively.

Maybe the current code's problem is that it converges too quickly to local optima. So, using a more global optimization method, like differential evolution with a larger population size and more iterations, but keeping the time within budget. Also, using multiple starting points generated in a different way, such as using random shifts of the initial guess.

Alternatively, trying to use a combination of different initial patterns. For example, combining the initial guess with some randomized variations, such as applying a small random noise to the initial h, or perturbing the positions of the pulses.

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed number of guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses by varying parameters in a more systematic way. For instance, varying the number of pulses, their positions, and their widths. However, generating such guesses algorithmically without using too many resources is important.

Alternatively, perhaps using a greedy approach where the function h is designed to minimize the maximum overlap by iteratively adjusting the positions of the step changes. For example, starting with the initial h, and then placing new steps where the overlap would be highest, and adjusting them accordingly.

But implementing that might be complex. So, perhaps the most straightforward way is to enhance the existing code by improving the initialization and optimization steps.

Let me think about the code structure. The code uses initial_h_values, then runs SLSQP on different guesses. It then applies differential evolution and refines with SLSQP. Maybe the key is to generate better initial guesses. The current guesses include sine waves, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Perhaps adding more structured initial guesses, such as granular pulses with certain spacing, or fractional coverage patterns.

For example, using a function that has multiple pulses with specific widths and spacing to minimize overlaps when shifted. Maybe trying to distribute the pulses so that their positions are not aligned when shifted by different k's.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated pattern that repeats every certain interval. For example, using a periodic structure that ensures minimal overlap when shifted by fractions of the period.

But how to model that? For instance, if h is designed to be periodic with period 1/3, but the interval is [0,2], which complicates things. Maybe a more complex pattern.

Another thought: the overlap integral for a given k can be written as the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. This can also be expressed as the integral over x of h(x) - h(x)h(x +k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) is 1, the first term is 1. So, the overlap integral is 1 minus the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum integral of h(x)h(x +k) over k. Therefore, the problem becomes maximizing the minimum correlation between h and its shifted version.

This is a key insight! So, instead of minimizing the maximum of the overlap integral, which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum correlation integral. So, the problem is now to find h that maximizes the minimal correlation with its shifted versions. This might be easier to model or think about.

But how to incorporate this into the optimization? Well, the existing code is already minimizing the maximum overlap, so perhaps that's okay. But perhaps using this perspective helps in designing better heuristics.

Another idea: since the integral of h(x)h(x +k) is maximized when h and h shifted by k are aligned as much as possible. So, to minimize the overlap integral, we want h to be as uncorrelated as possible with its shifted versions. So, the challenge is to design h such that for any shift k, the correlation is as small as possible.

This seems similar to a problem in signal processing where you want to design a signal with low cross-correlation with itself at different shifts. These are called "ultra-wideband" or "pulse shaping" signals. However, the exact methods for such design might not be directly applicable, but some concepts could be useful.

In such cases, the design often involves spreading the signal's energy over a wide range of frequencies, or using orthogonal functions. But again, how to translate that into an optimization problem here.

Perhaps, for the function h, creating a structure that is aperiodic and has minimal overlap with its shifted versions. This could be achieved by ensuring that the function's peaks are spaced in a way that shifting them by any k doesn't align with their original positions.

But how to model this? For example, if h is made of multiple pulses in such a way that the distance between any two pulses is larger than 1, but that would be impossible since the integral is 1. So, perhaps making the pulses spaced in a way that when shifted, they don't overlap much.

Alternatively, using a function that has a high number of peaks but arranged in a non-repeating pattern.

However, designing such a function algorithmically is challenging. So, returning to the code, perhaps the existing approach can be improved by generating better initial guesses and optimizing more effectively.

Another consideration: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=45). Trying a different number of points might give better results. For example, using more points allows for finer control over the function h. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred, but as long as it's under 1k samples, it's okay. So, maybe increasing n_points could help. But I need to check the previous code's n_points. Wait, the initial_h_values is given as a starting point with n_points=45. However, the code might not be using that n_points. Wait, the code defines h as initial_h_values, which is presumably length 45. So the n_points is 45. So changing n_points would require generating a new initial_h_values. However, the user says to use initial_h_values if available, so maybe sticking with 45 is better.

But perhaps using a different approach for the initial guesses. For instance, using a more sophisticated pattern instead of sine, sawtooth, etc. Maybe creating a function with multiple pulses, each with certain spacing and widths, to distribute the area evenly and reduce overlaps.

For example, if we split the interval [0,2] into segments where each segment has a certain fraction of the total area. For instance, if the function is composed of several overlapping regions that when shifted, they don't align with each other.

But how to generate that? Maybe using a regular array of pulses with specific positions and widths. For example, placing pulses at regular intervals and adjusting their widths so that the integral is 1.

Alternatively, using a random but structured approach. For example, generating a set of positions where the pulses are placed, ensuring that they are spread out and their shifts don't overlap much.

But generating such a structure algorithmically might be complex. Alternatively, use a particle swarm optimization approach, which can explore the search space more effectively than differential evolution.

Another thought: the current code uses a relatively small population size in differential evolution. Increasing the population size could allow exploring more diverse solutions, but this would take more time. However, within the 100-second budget, it's possible.

Also, the code uses 300 iterations for SLSQP. Maybe reducing the number of iterations could allow more time for the differential evolution to run more thoroughly.

Alternatively, trying different optimization algorithms. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a custom selection and mutation mechanism to explore the search space more effectively.

But given the time constraints, it's better to modify the existing code.

Let me think about the previous code's structure. It generates several initial guesses, then uses SLSQP on each, followed by differential evolution and refinement steps. Perhaps the key is to generate better initial guesses.

The current code's guesses are:

- The initial_H_values.
- Pulse waves for frequencies 3 to 9.
- Sawtooth and triangle waves for frequency 3 and various duty cycles.
- Random guesses.

Maybe expanding these initial guesses by adding more pulse patterns, such as using different numbers of pulses, varying their positions and widths.

Alternatively, using a method like generating random permutations of the positions where the function is 1, ensuring that they are spread out.

Another idea: using a grid search over different pulse configurations. For example, placing a certain number of equally spaced pulses and adjusting their widths to meet the integral constraint.

But how to generate those configurations programmatically? For instance, if we have m pulses, their positions could be spaced equally over the interval [0,2]. However, this might not account for the optimal spacing required.

Alternatively, for each guess, generate a pulse pattern with varying numbers of pulses, such as 5 or 6 pulses, with different widths and positions, ensuring that the total integral is 1.

But this would require a lot of initial guesses, which might be time-consuming. However, the code currently already has some of these.

So, perhaps improving the initial guesses by including more pulse-based patterns, such as using different numbers of pulses, varying their positions and widths, and varying the duty cycles.

Another consideration: the current code uses sine and triangle waves, which may not be optimal. Perhaps trying a different waveform, like a square wave with a certain duty cycle, but that could be similar to the pulse waves.

Alternatively, using a combination of different waveforms. However, generating that is complex.

Another angle: the overlap integral for a given k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. If we consider k to be within [0,2], since the function is defined on [0,2], and shifting x+k wraps around if k is larger than 2. But since the function is defined on [0,2], the overlap integral for k > 2 would be zero because the shifted function would be out of bounds. However, the code uses the full mode of convolution, which considers all shifts. Wait, but the code computes np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the full convolution. So for k from -(n_points-1) to (n_points-1), but in the context of the problem, the maximum overlap is over k such that x+k is in [0,2]. However, the code computes the full convolution and then takes the maximum.

Wait, the actual problem is over k such that the overlap makes sense. For example, when k is such that x + k is still in [0,2] for some x. So the maximum k is 2. But the code's calculation might include shifts beyond that. However, given that the function is periodic? No, it's not. The code is using the full correlation, which includes shifts where the shifted window may extend beyond the original. But perhaps the relevant shifts for the problem are within a certain range. However, the code may not be restricted by that.

But since the code computes the full correlation, the maximum could be over any k. However, in practice, the maximum overlap is likely to occur for small shifts. So, perhaps the code could even restrict the calculation to k in a certain range, but this is not done here.

But regardless, the code's current approach is to compute the maximum of the full correlation. So, the code is already handling that.

Another idea: using a different method for the optimization. For example, a particle swarm optimization (PSO) could explore the search space more effectively. However, scipy does not have a built-in PSO, but maybe implementing a simple version would be possible. But given the time constraints and the need to fit into the code, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model, like a Gaussian process, to guide the optimization. But again, this might be too complex.

Another thought: since the problem is a minimax optimization, the objective function is non-convex and has multiple local minima. Therefore, exploring diverse initial points is crucial. The current code uses some structured initial guesses, but maybe generating more diverse guesses would help.

For example, generating random initial guesses with certain properties. For instance, ensuring that the function h has a fixed number of steps, or that the steps are spread out in a certain way.

But generating such guesses algorithmically would require more code.

Perhaps, for the initial guesses, instead of using sine waves, try creating random pulses with certain constraints. For example, creating random positions and widths that sum to the required integral.

But how to do that? For example, placing a few pulses of varying widths, ensuring their positions are spread out. 

For instance, generating a certain number of pulses with positions uniformly distributed and widths such that their sum integral is 1. But how to model that.

Another idea: using a method where the initial guesses are random perturbations of the initial h_values. For example, adding small random noise to the initial guess, then optimizing from there.

But the current code already includes a random guess, so maybe this is already part of the process.

Alternatively, trying different optimization methods. For example, the current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe combining them in a different way, or using a different solver.

Another possibility: using the SLSQP optimizer with a more efficient implementation. For example, providing a gradient to the objective function. However, the objective function is the maximum of the convolution, which is non-differentiable, so providing an analytical gradient might be difficult. However, using a numerical gradient with finite differences could be possible, but this might not be efficient and could introduce errors.

Alternatively, using a convex relaxation of the problem. However, the problem is non-convex, and relaxing it might not lead to a useful solution.

Hmm. Given the time constraints and the need for a working solution, perhaps modifying the existing code to generate more structured initial guesses, optimize with better parameters, and refine more effectively.

Let me think about the current code's parameters. It uses 'SLSQP' with maxiter=300 and ftol=1e-9. Maybe reducing maxiter to save time, but allowing more iterations in differential evolution. Also, the differential evolution uses a population size of 100, which is large but could be adjusted.

Another thought: the current code uses multiple initial guesses, but the initial_h_values might be the best starting point. Perhaps focusing more on refining that guess rather than using other guesses. Maybe using a different method to optimize from the initial guess.

Alternatively, trying to use the initial_h_values as the starting point and then applying a more thorough optimization.

Another idea: using a combination of the initial guess and some random samples. For example, generating multiple random perturbations of the initial guess and optimizing each, then selecting the best.

But given that the initial code already includes random guesses, this is already somewhat covered.

Perhaps the most effective change is to enhance the initial guesses, especially by adding more structured patterns that are more likely to lead to good solutions. For example, including more pulse-based patterns with different configurations.

Another approach: using a randomized search with more systematic initial configurations. For example, generating a series of pulse patterns with varying numbers of pulses, widths, and positions, and then optimizing each of them.

But how to implement this?

Alternatively, the code could be modified to generate a wider variety of initial guesses. For example, adding more pulse-based functions with different frequencies and duty cycles.

Let me try to think about how to generate these guesses. For instance, if we create a function with multiple pulses, the code could generate them with specific parameters.

For example, for the initial_h_values, which may be a certain configuration, perhaps adding other configurations with different numbers of pulses. But generating that requires code.

Alternatively, the current code already includes pulse and sawtooth functions. Maybe adding more waveforms, like square waves with different duty cycles.

But given the time, I need to think about how to modify the code to achieve this.

In any case, the main idea is to enhance the initial guesses and the optimization process to find a better solution.

Perhaps, modifying the code to use more structured initial guesses, like pulse patterns with specific parameters, and then optimizing from there.

Another idea: the current code's differential evolution might be too slow for the given budget. So, reducing the number of iterations but allowing more refinement steps.

Alternatively, using a different method for the differential evolution, such as adjusting the mutation and crossover strategies to explore the search space more effectively.

Another thought: the code's refinement step runs SLSQP multiple times. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps or allowing more iterations.

But given the time budget, I need to make sure the code doesn't take too long.

At this point, I think the best approach is to modify the existing code by expanding the initial guesses to include more structured patterns, optimizing with more varied parameters, and ensuring that the refinement steps are thorough. Additionally, perhaps using a different initial guess strategy, like using the initial_h_values and some randomized perturbations.

But given the time, I'll proceed to write the code that implements these ideas, with the following changes:

1. Generate more initial guesses, particularly by adding more pulse-based patterns with different parameters.
2. Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution to use more iterations but with a smaller population size to save time.
3. Increase the number of refinement steps using SLSQP.
4. Ensure that the code uses the initial_h_values as the primary starting point and explores from there more effectively.

Also, the current code has a note that the initial_h_values is available and should be used directly. So, I'll ensure that the code starts with that.

Now, translating these thoughts into code modifications:

- In the guesses section, add more pulse and wave patterns. For example, add different frequencies and duty cycles for the pulses, or add more types of waves.
- Adjust the differential evolution parameters, such as increasing maxiter but reducing popsize.
- Increase the number of refinement steps.
- Maybe add more random guesses to the initial list.

But the code has to fit within the 300-line limit and 12,000 characters. So, I'll have to keep the code concise.

Another idea: using the initial_h_values as the primary guess, then adding random perturbations to it as additional guesses.

So, the code will generate the initial_h_values, then create random mutations of it, and optimize those as guesses.

But how to implement this.

Alternatively, in the guesses list, add the initial_h_values and several random variations.

Putting it all together, here's the plan for the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.
2. Generate several random perturbations of the initial guess.
3. Generate additional pulse and wave-based guesses.
4. Optimize each guess with SLSQP.
5. Perform differential evolution on a subset of these guesses.
6. Refine the best solution with multiple SLSQP refinements.

This approach should explore more of the search space while leveraging the initial guess.

Another adjustment is to use a lower number of iterations for SLSQP to save time, allowing more iterations in differential evolution.

So, in the code:

- Change the SLSQP's maxiter to a lower number, like 150, to save time.
- Increase the differential evolution's maxiter to 50, but reduce the population size to 50.
- Add more guesses by generating random variations and different pulse configurations.

Now, let's consider implementing this and see how it would affect the code.

Another thing: the code's objective function uses np.correlate, which might be slow for large n_points. However, since the n_points is around 45, it's manageable.

Given all this, I'll proceed to write the code with these modifications, ensuring that it stays within the constraints.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    
    for _ in range(3):
        guess = h.copy() + np.random.uniform(-0.1, 0.1, n_points)
        guess = np.clip(guess, 0, 1)
        guesses.append(guess)
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```