<think>
Okay, let me try to figure out how to approach this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral using a step function h. The previous code used a COBYLA optimization with random weights and a starting point. But I need to come up with a better approach.

First, I remember that the Erdős problem is about finding a function h that when shifted, overlaps as little as possible with itself. The overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). So, we need to minimize this maximum value.

The previous code uses a COBYLA optimizer with different weights, but maybe that's not the most efficient. Maybe a different optimization method or a different initial guess would help. Also, the initial guess is based on the parent construction if available. Since the initial_h_values is provided, I should start from there. However, the previous approach might be getting stuck in local optima. How can I avoid that?

An alternative approach could be to use a genetic algorithm or a more global optimization method. But given the time budget of 100 seconds, maybe a more efficient local search with better heuristics would be better. Also, the problem requires that the function h has an integral of 1 over [0,2], so we need to maintain that constraint.

Let me think about the structure of the problem. The overlap integral depends on how much h(x) and 1 - h(x +k) overlap. So, for each shift k, we need to minimize the integral. The challenge is to find a function that avoids overlapping with itself as much as possible across all shifts.

Another idea is to model the function h as a combination of intervals where h is either 0 or 1, but since it's a step function, maybe it's better to have regions where h is high and low in a way that when shifted, the high regions don't overlap with the low regions. For example, if the function has a certain period or symmetry, it might reduce overlapping.

Wait, the previous code used a 60-point discretization. Maybe increasing the number of points could help, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred because they are faster. So keeping n_points around 60 or so is better.

The current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. Since the previous code achieved 0.381245, which is slightly worse, the goal is to find a better one.

Let me consider the way the previous code works. It starts with a random initial guess, then uses COBYLA with different weights to optimize. The weights are random beta distributions. Maybe the COBYLA method is not the best here. Perhaps a different optimization method, like a gradient descent with momentum, or a more advanced local optimizer like SLSQP with constraints.

Alternatively, using a more structured approach. For example, partitioning the interval [0, 2] into segments where h is 0 or 1, but since it's a step function, maybe the optimal solution is piecewise constant. But since the problem allows h to be any step function with values between 0 and 1, perhaps a more sophisticated structure is needed.

Another thought: the overlap integral can be seen as the maximum correlation between h and 1 - h shifted by different amounts. To minimize this, we need to make h as non-correlated as possible with its shifts. This resembles a problem in signal processing where you want a function with low autocorrelation. Maybe using a Barker sequence or similar concept, but adapted to the integral constraint.

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of Fourier transforms. If h has a Fourier transform with low energy at certain frequencies, then its autocorrelation (and thus overlap) might be minimized. But since we are dealing with the maximum over shifts, perhaps designing h to have a Fourier transform that is localized in frequency.

But how to translate that into a numerical optimization problem? Maybe the code can use a Fourier-based approach, but given the time constraints, it's not clear.

Another angle: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe using a two-phase approach. First, find a function that has low overlap for certain shifts, and then optimize for other shifts. But this might not be straightforward.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with COBYLA, which is a constraint optimization method. Maybe there's a way to improve the initial guess. For example, using the initial_h_values and perturbing it in a way that maintains the integral constraint. Also, maybe the weighting of the objective function can be adjusted to better balance the overlap and the squared terms.

Wait, the previous code's objective function is a weighted sum of the overlap and the negative squared sum of h. The weights are random beta distributions. Perhaps instead of random weights, using a fixed set of weights or a more systematic way could help. For example, using different weights for different shifts or focusing on specific regions where overlap is high.

But how to implement that? The problem is that the overlap is the maximum over all shifts, so it's a max function, which makes the optimization non-convex and challenging. So, perhaps the code can use a more robust optimization method that handles multiple objectives or constraints.

Alternatively, using a different optimization approach like simulated annealing, but that's time-consuming. Or using a more efficient gradient-based method with better handling of constraints.

Another idea: the constraint is that the integral of h is 1. The previous code uses a constraint to enforce that. But maybe using a different way to represent h, such as using a binary variable approach with certain transformations, but that's unclear.

Wait, perhaps the problem can be transformed by considering that the maximum overlap is equivalent to the maximum correlation between h and 1 - h. So, the overlap integral is the maximum correlation. To minimize this, the function h should be as uncorrelated as possible with its shifted versions.

In signal processing, the maximum autocorrelation is minimized by using sequences like the Barker codes, which have minimal autocorrelation. However, the problem is different here because it's a continuous function on [0,2], and the integral constraint is different. But maybe there's a similar principle.

If I can design h to have a certain periodicity or symmetry, that could reduce the overlap. For example, making h have a certain pattern that repeats every certain interval, such that shifting it by that interval doesn't overlap with itself. However, the interval [0,2] might complicate things.

Alternatively, think of the function as a combination of two parts, where one part is active and the other is inactive in a way that when shifted, they don't overlap.

But how to model this in code? Maybe using a piecewise function, but the previous code uses a step function with n_points samples. So, the code is already working with a discrete approximation.

Another thought: the code uses a symmetric construction by concatenating h_opt with its reverse. Why is that? Because the correlation is computed over the full mode, which for a symmetric function might have properties that reduce overlap. However, the previous code might not be optimal in that approach.

Wait, in the previous code, the h_full is constructed as the concatenation of h_opt and its reverse. So, for example, if h_opt has n_half points, then h_full is length 2*n_half. Then, the correlation is computed between h_full and 1 - h_full. This is equivalent to considering the function over [0, 2], since the original domain is [0, 2]. So, the code is effectively taking the function over [0, 1] and mirroring it to [1, 2], making the full function over [0, 2]. But why is this done?

Maybe the idea is to make the function symmetric, thereby making the correlation over shifts more manageable. However, this might not be the optimal approach. Perhaps allowing asymmetry could lead to better results.

But how to adjust that? Maybe try different ways of constructing the full function, not just mirroring. However, the code seems to be using a mirrored approach, which might be beneficial.

Alternatively, perhaps the function should be designed with certain features that break symmetry, but it's not clear.

Another idea: instead of using random weights, use a more systematic approach. For example, use a penalty function that focuses on the maximum overlap, but that's challenging since the maximum is a non-smooth function. Alternatively, approximate the maximum by using a differentiable function, such as the maximum of a set of values.

But in practice, the code uses the maximum of the correlation values, which is the C5 value. So, during optimization, the code is trying to minimize this maximum. However, since the maximum is a non-differentiable function, the optimizer might struggle. Therefore, using a surrogate function, such as the average of the correlations or another approximation, might help the optimization process.

Alternatively, the code could try to minimize the worst-case overlap for specific shifts, but how to choose which shifts to focus on?

Another approach is to use a global optimization technique with multiple restarts from different initial points, but this might take too much time within the 100-second budget.

Let me think about the previous code again. It starts with an initial guess from initial_h_values, then uses random weights and COBYLA. Maybe the issue is that the weights are generated with a beta distribution, which may not be the best choice. Alternatively, using a fixed weight or a different weighting scheme could help.

Another thought: the code's objective function is a weighted sum of the overlap and the negative squared sum of h. The idea is that squaring h might help in regularizing the solution. However, the weight parameter w is varied to find a good balance. Maybe there's a better way to choose the weights, such as using a more systematic approach or a fixed set of weights.

But how? Maybe instead of using random weights, use a grid of weights, or use a very small set of weights that are more likely to lead to improvement.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective optimization approach where the code tries to minimize the maximum overlap and maintain the integral constraint. However, that would require more complex methods.

Another idea: the integral constraint can be handled more efficiently by normalizing the sum of h. The previous code uses a constraint to enforce sum(h) = integral_target. But maybe during optimization, the code could allow some tolerance and adjust accordingly.

In terms of code structure, the previous code uses a loop over different weights and performs COBYLA optimization for each. However, the weights are generated with np.random.beta(2,32), which gives values between 0 and 1, but clipped to [0.01, 0.99]. This might not be the best choice. Maybe using a different distribution or a fixed set of weights could help.

Alternatively, using a single weight and adjusting it dynamically based on the optimization progress.

But I need to find a way to improve the previous code's approach. Let me think about possible changes:

1. Use a different optimization method. COBYLA is a local optimizer, and since the problem is non-convex, it might get stuck in local minima. Maybe switching to a global optimizer like differential evolution (DE) could help. However, DE is slower, but with the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps it's manageable.

2. Improve the initial guess. The code uses either the initial_h_values or a random guess. Perhaps using a better initial guess based on some pattern or structure could lead to better results.

3. Adjust the way the weights are chosen. Instead of random beta distributions, maybe use a fixed set of weights or a more strategic choice.

4. Use a different formulation of the objective function. Instead of combining overlap and squared terms with a weight, perhaps focus more on the overlap directly.

Let me try to implement some of these ideas. For example, using differential evolution (DE) with constraints. Scipy has a differential evolution optimizer in scipy.optimize.differential_evolution. But how to handle the constraints?

The constraints here are that the sum of h equals n_points / 2 (since the integral is 1, and each sample is dx = 2/n_points). So, the sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. This can be handled as an equality constraint.

However, differential evolution is designed for unconstrained optimization, but we can add a constraint using the bounds and some penalty function. Alternatively, we can set the constraint explicitly in the optimization problem.

But integrating constraints into DE might be complex. Alternatively, use a constrained optimization method like SLSQP, which is more suitable for problems with constraints.

Wait, the previous code uses COBYLA, which is a constrained method. Maybe trying different methods within scipy.optimize could help. Another constrained method is SLSQP.

Alternatively, use the Sequential Least Squares Programming (SLSQP) method with bounds and constraints.

Let me think about the code structure again. The previous code uses a loop with different weights and COBYLA. If I can instead use a more efficient optimization method that handles the constraints better, perhaps that would lead to a better result.

Another idea: the maximum overlap integral can be minimized by considering each shift individually, but it's challenging since the maximum over all shifts is the objective. However, perhaps focusing on the shifts that contribute the most to the maximum.

But how to implement that without knowing which shifts are causing the maximum?

Alternatively, approximate the maximum using a few key shifts. For example, if the maximum is achieved at certain shifts, the code could focus on optimizing for those. However, this requires knowledge of those shifts, which might not be available during optimization.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to try using a more effective optimization method, such as SLSQP, and adjust the objective function to better balance the overlap and the integral constraint.

Let me outline a revised plan:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point if available.
- Use a constrained optimization method like SLSQP instead of COBYLA.
- Formulate the objective as minimizing the maximum overlap, which is a non-smooth function. To handle this, perhaps use a surrogate that approximates the maximum by evaluating the overlap for all shifts and taking the maximum, which is the actual C5 value.
- Implement this in the optimization loop, but since the maximum is a non-smooth function, the optimizer may struggle. However, with the constraints, maybe it's possible.

Another approach is to use a random restart strategy with different initial points, but how to generate them?

Alternatively, use the initial guess and perturb it slightly for multiple optimization runs.

But given the time constraints, perhaps focusing on improving the optimization method and the objective function formulation is better.

Let me try to code this approach. Instead of using weights, directly minimize the maximum overlap. However, since the maximum is non-differentiable, the optimizer may not work well. To handle this, the code can use a differentiable approximation, such as the maximum of the correlations, but how to compute that.

Wait, the code computes the maximum correlation as the C5 value, which is part of the objective. So, during optimization, the code can use that as the objective to minimize. However, since the objective is non-smooth, COBYLA or SLSQP may not perform well. So, perhaps the code should use an optimization method that can handle non-smooth objectives, or approximate them.

Alternatively, the code could compute the C5 value for the current h during the optimization process and use that as the objective. But how to make this differentiable? Well, since the optimizer is using numerical gradients, it might not be as effective.

Another idea: use the gradient with respect to the h values. For the C5 value, the gradient is the derivative of the maximum value with respect to h. However, since the max is over multiple shifts, the gradient would be the derivative at the shift where the maximum occurs. This is non-trivial to compute.

But in practice, the code can use numerical differentiation to approximate the gradient, even though it may be less efficient.

Alternatively, use a penalty function that approximates the maximum. For example, the code could use the sum of all correlation values, but that would change the optimization goal. Alternatively, use the sum of the correlation values raised to a power, which may give a better balance.

But this might not be the best approach. Given the time, perhaps trying to use the same approach as the previous code but with SLSQP and better initial guesses.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code uses a loop over different weights and performs COBYLA optimizations. Maybe instead of varying weights, focus on minimizing the C5 directly with SLSQP.

But the problem is that the C5 is the maximum of the correlations, which is non-differentiable. For SLSQP, the Jacobian might be difficult to compute.

Alternatively, the code can compute the C5 value for the current h, and during each optimization step, evaluate this value. Then, the optimization process will try to minimize this value, even though the function is non-smooth.

But how does the optimizer handle this? It depends on the method. For example, COBYLA uses a derivative-free approach, which might be better for non-smooth functions.

Wait, the previous code uses COBYLA with a varying weight, which is a way to balance between minimizing the overlap and the squared term. But perhaps the code can instead minimize the C5 directly, without adding the squared term. However, the squared term helps in maintaining the constraint of the sum of h being fixed.

So, how to balance between minimizing the C5 and maintaining the integral constraint?

Maybe the code should use a penalty function that adds a term to the objective to penalize deviations from the integral constraint. But the integral constraint is already handled by the equality constraint in the optimization problem.

But in the previous code, the optimization objective is a combination of overlap and the negative squared sum. This helps in keeping the solution around the feasible region. However, if the code removes the squared term and only focuses on minimizing the overlap, the optimization might diverge from the constraint. So, the squared term is a regularizer that keeps the solution from being too far from the constraint.

Perhaps, instead of a fixed weight, the code can use a dynamic weight that adjusts based on the current solution. For example, if the sum of h is not close to the target, increase the weight on the squared term. But how to implement that in the code.

Alternatively, the code can use a composite objective that includes both the overlap and a penalty for constraint violation. But the previous code already uses an equality constraint to enforce the sum of h, so the constraint is handled separately.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way of computing the overlap. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which might be computationally expensive for large n_points. But for 60 points, it's manageable.

Given the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to try a different optimization method, like SLSQP, and see if that improves the result. Alternatively, using a more efficient initial guess based on the parent construction.

Another idea: since the initial_h_values are given, use them as the starting point and perform a local optimization with a better method. The previous code uses random initialization, which might not be the best.

So, the revised plan is:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point if available. If not, generate a random initial guess.
2. Use a constrained optimization method like SLSQP to minimize the maximum overlap integral.
3. Use the same structure as the previous code, but with a better optimization method.

But how to compute the gradient for the C5 value? If the code is using the SLSQP method, it requires the gradient of the objective function. Since the C5 is the maximum of the correlations, which is non-smooth, the gradient might not be easy to compute. Therefore, perhaps using a derivative-free optimization method like COBYLA is better. But the previous code already uses COBYLA.

Alternatively, the code can use a numerical approximation of the gradient. However, this may not be efficient.

Another thought: the maximum overlap can be approximated by evaluating the correlations for a few shifts. For example, if the maximum is achieved at certain shifts, the code can focus on those. However, this requires knowing which shifts are relevant, which might not be possible.

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code by changing the optimization method to SLSQP, which might handle the constraints better, and adjusting the objective function.

Let me try to outline the revised code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Use SLSQP with bounds and constraints.
- The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap (C5) computed as the maximum correlation between h and 1 - h shifted by different amounts.
- The constraint is the sum of h equals n_points / 2.

But in practice, the code needs to compute the C5 value for each h during the optimization. This can be done by evaluating the maximum correlation.

However, the SLSQP method requires the gradient of the objective function. Since the gradient is not easily available, the code may need to use a numerical approximation or switch to a method that doesn't require gradients.

Alternatively, use the COBYLA method, as it doesn't require gradients, which is what the previous code does.

Another idea: instead of varying the weight parameter, use the C5 value directly as the objective and add a penalty for constraint violation. However, this may not work well.

In the previous code, the objective is a combination of C5 and the negative squared sum of h, with a weight w. The code loops through different weights to find the best solution. Perhaps this approach is effective, but maybe using a different set of weights or a different weighting strategy could help.

Alternatively, use a weight that focuses more on minimizing C5, such as w=0.99, and only slightly penalize the squared sum. This might lead to better results.

But how to decide on the best weight? It might require experimentation.

Another idea: instead of using random weights, use a fixed set of weights, potentially optimized for the problem. For example, use weights that are based on the distribution of shifts that contribute to the maximum overlap.

But this is speculative.

Overall, the previous code's approach seems solid, but the C5 value can be slightly improved by fine-tuning the optimization parameters, using a better initial guess, and possibly a more efficient optimization method.

In conclusion, the revised code will:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Use the same structure as the previous code but possibly with different optimization settings.
- Try different optimization methods or parameters to see if they improve the result.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 60
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    integral_target = n_points / 2
    n_half = n_points // 2

    if 'initial_h_values' in globals():
        h_initial = np.array(initial_h_values)
        original_len = len(h_initial)
        step = int(np.ceil(original_len / n_points))
        h_opt = h_initial[::step][:n_half]
    else:
        h_opt = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_half).clip(0, 1)
        while np.abs(np.sum(h_opt) - integral_target) > 1e-6:
            h_opt = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_half).clip(0, 1)

    def compute_overlap(h_opt):
        h_full = np.concatenate([h_opt, h_opt[::-1]])
        corr = np.correlate(h_full, 1 - h_full, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    best_c5 = compute_overlap(h_opt)
    best_h = h_opt.copy()

    time_limit = budget_s * 0.8
    start_time = time.time()

    for _ in range(15):
        def obj(x):
            h = x.copy()
            h_full = np.concatenate([h, h[::-1]])
            corr = np.correlate(h_full, 1 - h_full, mode='full')
            overlap = np.max(corr) * dx
            return overlap

        cons = ({
            'type': 'eq',
            'fun': lambda x: np.sum(x) - integral_target,
            'jac': lambda x: np.ones_like(x)
        })

        result = scipy.optimize.minimize(
            obj,
            x0=h_opt,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=[(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_half)],
            constraints=cons,
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10}
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = compute_overlap(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

        if time.time() - start_time > time_limit:
            break

    final_h = np.concatenate([best_h, best_h[::-1]])
    return final_h, best_c5, n_points
```