<think>
Okay, I need to come up with a strategy for improving the upper bound of the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous approaches used gradient-based methods with some adaptive steps and perturbations. The user wants a materially different approach, so I need to think of something new.

Let me recall the problem: we need to find a step function h over [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral over all lags is minimized. The current best is around 0.38085, and the goal is to get lower than that.

Hmm, the previous strategies focused on gradient descent, but maybe there's a way to use more structured methods. What if we use a coordinate descent approach, but with a different way of selecting which coordinates to update? Or perhaps use a probabilistic method, like simulated annealing, but that might be too slow for the budget.

Wait, another idea: maybe model this as a graph problem. The overlap integral for each lag can be seen as a node in a graph, and we need to find a configuration that minimizes the maximum edge weight. Not sure how to apply graph algorithms here though.

Alternatively, think about the problem as a non-convex optimization problem and use a metaheuristic that's more global. But metaheuristics might not be feasible within the time budget if not implemented efficiently.

Wait, what about using a convex relaxation? For example, relax the problem into a convex one where we can find a lower bound, then try to find a feasible solution that's close to that bound. However, the original problem is non-convex due to the product terms in the objective. Convex relaxation might not directly work, but maybe we can use a semidefinite programming approach or something similar. However, implementing that with the given constraints could be complex, and I'm not sure how to translate that into code within the allowed libraries.

Alternatively, think about the problem as a game between two players: one trying to maximize the overlap and the other trying to minimize it. Maybe use a minimax approach. But again, not sure how to operationalize that.

Let me think about the structure of the problem. The overlap integral for a lag k depends on the product of h(x) and (1 - h(x + k)). So the maximum over all lags is what we want to minimize. Maybe we can model this as an optimization problem where we have multiple constraints, one for each lag, and try to find a solution that satisfies all of them as tightly as possible. However, with 2n_points-1 lags, that's a lot of constraints.

Wait, the previous strategies used gradient descent with some perturbations. Maybe instead of using gradient information for all lags, we can focus on the lags that contribute the most to the maximum, and try to adjust the function to reduce those. But how to do that effectively?

Another angle: since the function is a step function, we can model it as a binary vector (0s and 1s), but the problem allows for continuous values between 0 and 1. However, the current setup allows for any values in [0,1]. Maybe using a binary representation isn't the way to go here.

Wait, the constraint is sum(h) = n_points / 2. So the average value of h is 0.5. So the function is a kind of binary-like signal with average 0.5. Maybe we can model this as a periodic function or something with symmetry. For example, arranging the function in a way that it's balanced around the midpoint.

Alternatively, consider dividing the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 0 or 1 in a way that minimizes the overlap. But the overlap for each lag depends on the shift. Maybe using a periodic pattern with certain spacing. For instance, placing 1s and 0s with certain periodicity to minimize the overlap.

Wait, the previous strategies used a starting point based on the given initial_h_values. Maybe a better approach is to start with a more optimal initial guess. But the starting point is already provided as initial_h_values. However, perhaps generating a better initial guess via a different method.

Another thought: the problem resembles the covering problem or the binary search for optimal spacing. Maybe using a deterministic algorithm to place the 1s and 0s in such a way that the overlap is minimized. For example, similar to a greedy algorithm where you iteratively place 1s to minimize the maximum overlap.

But how to translate that into a step function? Maybe using a greedy approach where at each step, we choose the position that most reduces the maximum overlap. But with continuous values, it's more complex.

Wait, maybe we can use a symmetry-based approach. Suppose we divide the interval into n equal parts and assign values such that the function is symmetric. For example, if we have a symmetric pattern, certain lags would have the same overlap, which could help in balancing the maximum.

Alternatively, use a random search with some structure. Generate random configurations that satisfy the sum constraint, evaluate their C5, and keep the best one. But with a budget of 600 seconds, this might not be efficient enough for large n_points.

But the previous code uses n_points = 45, which is small. Maybe the user prefers smaller n_points for faster evaluation, as mentioned in the problem statement.

Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So perhaps using n_points = 50 is acceptable. But the user's previous program used initial_h_values with 45 samples. So maybe the approach should be to work with n_points around 50.

Another idea: the overlap integral is maximized when the function h and its shifted version have overlapping regions where both h and 1-h are high. So to minimize the maximum, h should be arranged such that for any shift, there's not a big overlap of high values of h and high values of 1-h.

This sounds like the problem is similar to designing a binary sequence with minimal correlation. Maybe using a binary sequence with certain properties, like a Barker sequence or similar. However, Barker sequences are for maximum autocorrelation, which is the opposite of what we want here.

Wait, the problem requires minimizing the maximum correlation of h with 1-h over all lags. So if we can design a function h such that for every lag k, the overlap is as small as possible.

Alternatively, think of it as the function h should be as "spread out" as possible. For example, if h is uniformly distributed (but with sum 1), then perhaps the overlap would be minimized. However, since we're dealing with a step function, uniform distribution isn't possible. Maybe the optimal function is a periodic step function with certain parameters.

Let me think about a specific example. Suppose we use a function that alternates between 0 and 1 with a certain period. For example, if the period is T, then the function would have a repeating pattern of 0s and 1s. However, the sum constraint requires that the integral over [0,2] is 1. So the number of 1s and 0s must balance out.

But how to choose T to minimize the maximum overlap. For instance, if the pattern has a certain length, shifting by that length would result in the same overlap. This might help in making the maximum overlap smaller.

Alternatively, use a function that's a combination of different periodic patterns. For example, a combination of two different spacing patterns.

But these are all vague ideas. Maybe I need to think of a different mathematical approach.

Another angle: the problem is similar to the optimal packing problem, where we want to place points (1s) in the interval [0,2] such that when shifted, the overlap with the complement (0s) is minimized. This could be modeled as a covering problem, but again, not sure.

Wait, perhaps using a mathematical model where the function h is represented as a binary variable, but since we need continuous values, maybe use a probabilistic model where each point has a probability of being 1, but the sum is fixed. But this might not directly apply.

Alternatively, consider the problem as an instance of the minimax problem. We need to find h that minimizes the maximum of the overlap integrals. This is a challenging optimization problem, and standard methods might not be effective.

Given that, maybe the previous strategies are not effective enough. So, what's a different approach that can be implemented within the given constraints?

Let me think of using a genetic algorithm. This is a population-based search where we evolve solutions by combining and mutating them. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the given time budget might be challenging, especially for larger n_points. However, since the problem allows for smaller n_points, maybe it's feasible.

But the user's previous code uses a gradient-based approach, and the genetic algorithm might be too slow for the time budget. Plus, the problem requires a high level of precision.

Alternatively, use a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach. This is a metaheuristic that could potentially find good solutions by exploring the search space. However, similar to genetic algorithms, the time budget might be an issue.

But the user's time budget is 600 seconds. If we can design a PSO with good parameters, maybe it could work. But how to implement that in the given constraints?

Alternatively, think of the problem as a constrained optimization problem and use a solver that can handle it, like scipy.optimize. However, the problem is non-convex, so we might not find the global optimum, but perhaps a good local one.

Wait, the previous strategies used gradient descent with line search, but maybe we can use a different optimization method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is derivative-free and can handle non-convex problems.

But the problem has a large number of variables (n_points) and the objective function is non-convex. Using a solver like scipy.optimize's minimize with the Nelder-Mead method might be too slow for large n_points, but for smaller ones like 45, it could be feasible.

Alternatively, use a surrogate model, such as a Gaussian process, to approximate the objective function and find a better solution. However, this is more complex to implement and may not fit within the time budget.

Hmm, the previous approach tried to use gradient information from multiple lags and line search. Maybe instead of using gradient descent, use a coordinate descent approach where we iteratively update individual points of h to reduce the maximum overlap.

For example, in each iteration, identify the point that contributes the most to the current maximum overlap and adjust it. But how to quantify the contribution of each point to the maximum overlap?

Alternatively, for each point, compute the contribution to the maximum overlap across all lags and adjust it. However, this may not be straightforward.

Wait, maybe the problem can be transformed into minimizing the maximum of several functions, each corresponding to a lag. This is a non-convex optimization problem with multiple constraints. So, we can formulate it as a minimax problem and use a solver that can handle such problems.

But Python's scipy.optimize doesn't have a direct solver for minimax problems. However, we can include the maximum as part of the objective function and minimize it.

So, the idea is to define an objective function that is the maximum of the overlap integrals for all lags, and then find the h that minimizes this maximum. This is a non-convex problem, but it's possible to use a solver that can handle this.

However, scipy's minimize function is for smooth functions, and the maximum is not differentiable. But with a trust-region method or other solvers, maybe it's possible to approximate this.

Alternatively, we can approximate the maximum by using a penalty function. For example, the objective becomes the sum of the overcrowd functions, but this might not be effective.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to use a more sophisticated gradient-based method that uses all lags in a different way.

Wait, in the previous strategies, the gradients were computed for the most contributing lags. What if we instead compute gradients for all lags and combine them in a way that prioritizes lags with higher current overlap values?

Another idea: use a multi-objective approach where we try to minimize the maximum overlap and also consider the sum constraint. This could be done with a Lagrange multiplier method, but again, dealing with the non-convexity.

Alternatively, use a hybrid approach: start with a gradient descent approach, but once the maximum overlap starts to decrease slowly, switch to a global optimization method like simulated annealing or genetic algorithm to explore different regions of the solution space.

But again, the time budget may not allow for this.

Another angle: since the function is periodic with period 2, maybe there's a pattern repeat that can be exploited. For example, if the function h has a certain symmetry, the overlap integrals for different lags could be balanced.

Suppose we divide [0,2] into m equal intervals and set h to certain values in each interval. For example, if m is the number of intervals, and we set h to 1 in half of them and 0 in the others, arranged in a way that minimizes the overlap.

This is similar to designing a binary sequence with minimal correlation. However, the exact pattern would need to be determined.

Alternatively, use a greedy algorithm where we place 1s in such a way that when shifted, the overlap with 0s is minimized. For instance, place 1s in positions that are spread out as much as possible.

But how to translate this into an algorithm? For example, start with an empty array, and at each step, select a position where placing a 1 would minimize the maximum overlap. But this is a greedy approach and might not lead to the optimal solution, but it's a starting point.

However, the function is continuous, so the positions are in a continuous space. Perhaps discretizing the positions into intervals and then using a greedy approach for selecting which intervals to set to 1.

Wait, but the problem allows for any values between 0 and 1, not just binary. So the function can be smooth or piecewise constant. This opens up the possibility of using more sophisticated models.

But given the time constraints and the need to implement this in code, perhaps the best approach is to use a more structured optimization method, like a coordinate descent with adaptive steps, combined with a way to handle the non-convexity.

Let me outline a possible approach:

1. Use the provided initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. For each iteration, compute the correlation for all lags.
3. Identify the lag with the maximum current overlap.
4. For this lag, compute the gradient of the overlap integral with respect to each point in h.
5. Perform a line search to find the optimal step size that reduces the maximum overlap.
6. Update the h values based on this step and clip them to ensure they stay within [0,1], then rescale to meet the sum constraint.
7. Repeat this process until the maximum overlap converges or the time budget is exhausted.

This is similar to the previous strategies, but perhaps with more focused updates on the most contributing lag. However, the previous strategies also used this approach, so it might not be a material difference.

Wait, the previous code used a step size of 0.05, 0.2, etc. Maybe instead of using fixed step sizes, implement a more sophisticated line search that uses the gradient information to find the optimal step size.

Additionally, instead of just focusing on one lag at a time, perhaps use a combination of gradients from multiple lags to guide the update, similar to the previous approaches.

Alternatively, use a method that tries to balance all lags by adjusting h in a way that reduces the maximum overlap. For example, in each iteration, compute the gradient for the current maximum lag and adjust h accordingly, but also check other lags to ensure that no other lag becomes the new maximum.

But this might require too many computations.

Another thought: since the overlap integral for a lag k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx, which is equivalent to the area where h is 1 and the shifted h is 0. To minimize the maximum of these areas, the function should avoid having both h and 1-h be high in overlapping regions.

This suggests that h should be as "spread out" as possible. So, perhaps using a function that is a combination of several sine waves or other periodic functions with certain frequencies to ensure that the overlap is minimized.

But how to model this and find the optimal parameters?

Alternatively, think of the problem as a linear programming problem. Since the function is piecewise constant, we can represent it with binary variables indicating which intervals are set to 1 or 0. However, this would be a discrete optimization problem, and solving it for large n_points might not be feasible.

But with a small n_points (like 45), it might be possible. Modeling this as an integer linear programming problem could potentially find the optimal solution, but given the time constraints, a solver like CPLEX or Gurobi might be used. However, the user mentioned that scipy, numpy, and other libraries are available, but not sure about access to commercial solvers. The previous code used CVXPy with options like CBC, etc., but those are available. So maybe using an ILP approach with CVXPy.

But the function is continuous between 0 and 1. If we discretize the function into intervals, we can model it as an ILP problem. However, this might not be efficient for larger n_points.

But perhaps the initial approach is to use a more global optimization method that doesn't rely on gradients. For example, using a random restart strategy with local optimization.

So, the plan is:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point, but also generate several perturbations around it to explore different regions.
- For each perturbation, perform a local optimization using gradient descent to minimize the maximum overlap.
- Keep the best solution found across all trials.

This approach would combine global exploration with local refinement, which could potentially find better solutions than a single gradient descent run.

However, the budget of 600 seconds for a single run might not allow for many perturbations unless they are cheap. But with small n_points (like 45), each perturbation and local optimization might be feasible.

But how to implement this in code? The code would need to:

1. Generate multiple initial points from the parent or random perturbations.
2. For each initial point, perform a local optimization (like gradient descent) to minimize the maximum overlap.
3. Track the best solution found.

But this is similar to the previous strategies, but with multiple restarts instead of a single one. However, the previous code already did some perturbations every 50 iterations.

Another idea: instead of using gradient descent, use a method like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm which is derivative-free and might escape local optima better.

Let me outline the steps in the strategy:

1. Approach and rationale: Use a derivative-free optimization method like the Nelder-Mead algorithm with multiple restarts to explore the search space and find a good solution.
2. Mathematical specification: Model the problem as minimizing the maximum overlap integral, which is non-convex. Use the Nelder-Mead method to handle the objective function without requiring gradients.
3. Implementation procedure: Start with the initial_h_values, generate multiple initial guesses via perturbation, and apply Nelder-Mead optimization on each. Track the best solution.
4. Search choices: Use multiple restarts, adjust the number of iterations based on time, and handle feasibility by clipping and rescaling.
5. Compute budget: Allocate time for multiple restarts and optimizations, ensuring that the budget is not exceeded.
6. Validation: Ensure feasibility checks are in place, and re-evaluate the final solution with the actual objective function.

However, this approach might not be as efficient as gradient-based methods, but it could be worth trying.

Another consideration: the previous strategies used line searches with fixed step sizes. Maybe using a more adaptive line search, like the backtracking method, could lead to better step sizes in the gradient descent.

But all of these are similar to the previous approaches. To make a material difference, perhaps a different mathematical model is needed.

Wait, what if we model the problem as an instance of the maximum cut problem or some other graph problem? For example, minimizing the maximum overlap could be framed as cutting a graph in a way to minimize the maximum edge weight. But I'm not sure how to map this.

Another idea: consider the function h as a probability distribution over the interval, with the constraint that the integral is 1. Then, the overlap integral for a lag k is the probability that h(x) is 1 and the shifted h(x +k) is 0. Minimizing the maximum of these probabilities would be the goal. This resembles the concept of the minimum detectable probability in certain contexts.

But again, how to translate this into a computational method.

Perhaps it's time to settle on a new approach that is different from the previous ones. Given the time constraints and the need for an implementation, a possible approach is to use a combination of gradient-based optimization and a more sophisticated line search, but with a different way of selecting the lags to focus on.

For example, in each iteration, identify the top K lags with the highest current overlap, compute the gradient for each of these lags, and combine them into a single gradient vector that guides the update. This way, we're not focusing on just one lag but considering multiple, which might lead to a more balanced optimization.

Additionally, adjust the step size dynamically based on the improvement in the objective function. For instance, use a larger step size when the function is improving significantly and smaller steps as it converges.

This approach combines the strengths of previous strategies but with a more dynamic selection of lags and step sizes. Let's formalize this:

Approach and rationale: Use a multi-lag gradient descent method where the gradients from the top lags are combined, and the step size is dynamically adjusted based on progress. This balances exploitation of promising directions and exploration of different lags, potentially leading to a better solution than focusing on a single lag.

Mathematical specification: The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. For each iteration, select the top K lags (based on current overlap values), compute the gradient for each of these lags, and combine them to form a gradient vector. Update the h values using this gradient and an adaptive step size.

Implementation procedure: Start with the initial_h_values. For each iteration:
1. Compute the full correlation and identify the top K lags.
2. For each of these lags, compute the gradient vector.
3. Combine the gradients from these lags into a single direction.
4. Perform a line search to find the optimal step size.
5. Update h and ensure it remains feasible.
6. Repeat until time is up.

This approach is different from the previous strategies, which focused on a single lag or a fixed set of lags. By considering multiple lags, it could lead to a more balanced optimization.

Thus, the final plan would involve selecting top K lags, combining their gradients, and using adaptive steps, which is a departure from the previous methods.
</think>

<strategy>
1. Approach and rationale
We adopt a multi-directional gradient descent approach that dynamically selects the most impactful lags to guide updates. Unlike prior methods that focus on isolated lags or fixed lag sets, this approach combines gradients from the top lags by correlation magnitude, enabling coordinated optimization across multiple critical directions. The method prioritizes balancing local refinement and global exploration by dynamically adjusting the number of lags considered and the step size based on convergence trends. Key innovations include adaptive lag selection via weighted correlation, gradient aggregation from top contributors, and a hybrid line search that tunes step sizes both adaptively and reactively. This strategy aims to overcome local optima by maintaining a broad search range while iterating toward tighter bounds.

2. Mathematical specification
Variables:
- h ∈ [0,1]^n_points: step function values
- dx = 2.0 / n_points
- target_sum = n_points / 2.0
- C5 = max_k [∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx] over lags k ∈ {-n_points+1,...,n_points-1}
- Objective: minimize C5 with constraints:
  - 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 ∀i
  - ∑h[i] = target_sum

Key operations:
- Full correlation: corr = np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full') * dx
- Gradient computation: For each lag k, compute ∇_k[i] = (1 - h[i + k]) * dx * indicator(i + k valid)
- Weighted gradient aggregation: ∇ = ∑ (1 - |corr[k]|) * ∇_k
- Adaptive line search: α ∈ {0.01, 0.05, 0.1, 0.2} with dynamic step selection
- Feasibility restoration: clip and rescale after each gradient update

3. Implementation procedure
Parent validation:
- Ensure initial_h_values satisfies 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 and ∑h = target_sum
- Normalize: h = initial_h_values * (target_sum / ∑initial_h_values)

Initialization:
- Use initial_h_values or random 1/0 pattern if parent is missing
- Scale to meet target_sum: h = initial_h_values * (target_sum / ∑initial_h_values)

Iterative optimization:
1. Compute full correlation: corr = np.correlate(h, 1-h, 'full') * dx
2. Identify top K lags: top_lags = np.argsort(-np.abs(corr))[:int(0.3 * n_points)] 
3. For each top lag k:
   a. Compute gradient vector g = np.zeros(n_points)
   b. For valid i: g[i] += (1 - h[i + k]) * dx
   c. For valid j = i + k: g[j] -= h[i] * dx
4. Combine gradients: ∇ = ∑ (1 - |corr[k]|) * g_k (weighted by 1 - absolute correlation)
5. Line search for α ∈ {0.01, 0.05, 0.1, 0.2}:
   a. Trial update: h_trial = h - α * ∇
   b. Clip and rescale: h_trial = np.clip(h_trial, 0, 1) * (target_sum / ∑h_trial)
   c. Compute new_corr and new_max
   d. Select α with minimal new_max
6. Update h with best α, track best solution

Progression:
- Every 20 iterations: expand top_lags to 0.4 * n_points
- Every 100 iterations: reduce α step size by factor of 1.5
- Every 250 iterations: increase α step size by factor of 1.2
- Every 150 iterations: restart with perturbed h (±10% of current values)

4. Search choices and useful variations
Default configuration:
- Top_lags starts at 30% of n_points, expands to 40% after 100 iterations
- Gradient weighting: uses (1 - |corr[k]|) to prioritize lags with smaller values
- Line search steps: {0.01, 0.05, 0.1, 0.2} initially, reduces to {0.01, 0.05} after 250 iterations
- Perturbation: ±10% of current h values with clipping, applied every 150 iterations
- Feasibility restoration: clip and rescale after every update

Variations:
- When C5 stagnates:
  - Increase top_lags to 50%
  - Use larger α steps (0.2) for one iteration
- When C5 improves rapidly:
  - Decrease top_lags to 20%
  - Use smaller α steps (0.01)
- When multiple lags near maximum:
  - Equalize gradient weights via w_k = 1 / (1 + |corr[k]|)

5. Compute budget and robustness
Time allocation:
- 300s for coarse exploration (top_lags=30%, α=0.2)
- 200s for refinement (top_lags=40%, α=0.05)
- 100s for perturbation/recovery

Budget monitoring:
- After 200s: reduce line search to {0.01, 0.05}
- After 300s: enable adaptive top_lags selection based on top 25% of corr
- After 400s: activate dual-phase switching based on C5 improvement rate

Failure handling:
- If nan/inf encountered: reset to parent with C5 of initial_h_values
- If ∑h deviates by >1e-4: re-normalize
- If C5 increases: revert to previous best
- If h contains values outside [0,1]: clip and re-normalize

6. Validation and return contract
Feasibility checks:
- 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 for all i
- ∑h == target_sum exactly
- C5 computed as max(np.correlate(h, 1-h, 'full')) * dx

Final validation:
- Recalculate C5 with best candidate
- Ensure it is strictly less than previous best (e.g., 0.38085)
- Sanity checks:
  - Confirm h shape is (n_points,)
  - Validate correlation length is 2*n_points - 1
  - Ensure C5 is finite and positive
</strategy>