<think>
Okay, I need to figure out a new approach to improve the upper bound for the Erdős constant C₅. The previous strategies used gradient-based optimization, PSO, genetic algorithms, and local refinement. I should think of something different. Let me start by understanding the problem again.

The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral with its shifted version. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over all lags k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The current best is around 0.38085, and we want to get it lower than 0.3807.

Looking at the previous strategies, they all tried various optimization methods but might have gotten stuck in local minima. Maybe I can use a different method, like a deterministic optimization approach that leverages the structure of the problem. Wait, the problem involves minimizing the maximum of several overlapping integrals. That seems like a saddle point problem, which is tricky. 

Another thought: perhaps using a structured function that has a specific pattern to minimize overlaps. For example, if h(x) is periodic and has a certain symmetry, maybe that could reduce the maximum overlap. Let me think about the previous strategies. One used a sinusoidal initial guess, another tried genetic algorithms. How can I create a function that's more tailored?

Maybe I can use a variational approach where I model h as a piecewise constant function with certain parameters. But how to optimize those parameters? Alternatively, think about the problem as a game between h and its shifts. The maximum overlap is the worst-case scenario, so we want to distribute h such that no shift leads to too much overlap.

Wait, the problem is similar to designing a function that avoids high overlap with its translations. This resembles the concept of a "universal" function in harmonic analysis. Maybe using functions with good cancellation properties, like those with certain Fourier coefficients.

Another idea: the maximum overlap integral can be related to the autocorrelation of h. To minimize the maximum autocorrelation, perhaps we can use a function with low autocorrelation. But the problem isn't exactly autocorrelation since the second term is 1-h(x+k), so it's a bit different. Wait, the overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. If I rewrite this, it's equivalent to ∫h(x)dx - ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx. Since ∫h(x)dx is 1, this becomes 1 - ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx over all k. Wait, no, because the original goal is to minimize the maximum of 1 - ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx. So maximizing the minimum of ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx over k. So it's a maximin problem. 

This is similar to maximizing the minimum pairwise correlation. So the problem becomes maximizing the minimal pairwise autocorrelation. That's interesting. So the goal is to design h to have high pairwise auto-correlations, but with the constraint that the total integral is 1 and h is between 0 and 1. 

How can I model this? Maybe using a function that is spread out in such a way that when shifted, its overlap with itself is as high as possible. Wait, but the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap with 1 - h(x +k), so it's the opposite. So maximizing the minimal value of ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx over k. 

Alternatively, considering the problem as a two-player game: h chooses a function to minimize the maximum overlap, and the adversary chooses the worst lag k. So we need to find h that makes all lags k have a high value of ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx. 

Hmm. Maybe I can use a function that is non-overlapping in a certain frequency domain. For example, using a function with Fourier coefficients that cancel out for certain shifts. But I'm not sure how to translate that into a concrete approach.

Another angle: the problem is similar to the "minimum maximum overlap" in signal processing. Perhaps using a function that is a combination of wavelets or other basis functions that can efficiently manage overlaps. But how to translate this into an algorithm?

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of partitioning the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 1 or 0, but with some structure to minimize overlaps. However, since h is a step function, it's a discretized version of a piecewise constant function. Maybe using a binary step function with certain patterns. For example, if h is designed to have regions of 1 separated by regions of 0, maybe with a certain periodicity.

Wait, the initial strategy used a sinusoidal function. Maybe that's a good starting point, but perhaps adjusting the frequency or shape. For example, using a function that has high values in certain regions and low in others, but arranged to minimize overlap. Maybe using a function that is 1 over intervals of length a and 0 otherwise, but arranged periodically. Let me see: if I have a periodic function with period T, such that the integral over each period is a certain value. 

But how to determine the optimal pattern? For example, if the function is 1 on intervals of length a and 0 elsewhere, and arranged periodically. Then, the overlap with a shifted version would depend on how the shifts align with these intervals. The maximum overlap would occur when the shift aligns the intervals. So to minimize this maximum, the intervals should be placed in such a way that their shifts don't align too much. This is similar to a modular design, like a low autocorrelation sequence.

This reminds me of the concept of a "low autocorrelation binary sequence" used in radar and communications. These sequences are designed to have minimal autocorrelation, which is analogous to our problem. In our case, we want to maximize the minimum over the correlation with shifted versions, which is the opposite of the standard low autocorrelation goal. Wait, but if we have a sequence with minimal maximum autocorrelation, then our overlap would be 1 minus that, which would be minimized. 

So, perhaps using a binary sequence with low autocorrelation as the base for h(x). But since h(x) is a step function over [0,2], discretizing it into a sequence of 0s and 1s with integral 1. 

Wait, the integral constraint is that the sum of h[i] * dx is 1. So if we have a binary step function with n points, the sum of the h[i] must be n/2, since dx is 2/n. So the total area is sum(h[i] * dx) = sum(h[i]) * (2/n) = 1 ⇒ sum(h[i]) = n/2. 

So, if I have a binary sequence with exactly n/2 ones and n/2 zeros, that would satisfy the integral constraint. However, the function is not necessarily binary, but can have step values between 0 and 1. But if I can find a binary solution, that would be simpler. 

So, the problem reduces to finding a binary sequence of n points with half ones and half zeros arranged to minimize the maximum overlap integral. 

But how to model this? For a binary sequence, the overlap integral between h and h shifted by k is the number of overlapping 1s between the two sequences multiplied by dx. Since dx is 2/n, the overlap integral would be (number of overlapping 1s) * (2/n). 

Wait, let's think: if the function h(x) is a binary step function, then h(x) is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere. When we shift h by k, the overlap integral is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) dx. Since 1 - h(x +k) is 1 where h(x +k) is 0, and 0 otherwise. So the overlap is the area of the overlap between the support of h and the support of 1 - h(x +k), which is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. 

But for a binary function, h(x) is 1 in a set of points and 0 elsewhere. The overlap integral would be the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. Since the function is piecewise constant over the grid, this would be equivalent to counting the number of points where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0, multiplied by dx. But since dx is small, the integral can be approximated by this count times dx. 

Wait, but in reality, each step is a rectangle of width dx and height 1. So when shifting, the overlap would be the sum over all x where h(x) is 1 and the shifted h(x +k) is 0. For binary h, this is the number of x in the grid where h[x] is 1 and h[x +k] is 0, multiplied by dx. 

But since we are using a grid of n points, the shift k can be considered as a shift in grid indices. For example, if we have a shift of k grid steps, then the overlap would be the sum over i where h[i] = 1 and h[i -k] = 0, but adjusted for the wrap-around. Wait, no, the shift is over the continuous interval. But since we're evaluating the integral as a sum over the grid points, the correlation over the grid points would approximate the true integral. 

Therefore, if I model this as a binary sequence, the problem reduces to finding a binary sequence with half 1s and half 0s, such that for all lags k, the number of overlapping 1s between the original and shifted sequence is maximized. Because the overlap integral is 1 minus the average of h(x)h(x +k), which for binary h would be the number of overlapping 1s divided by n (since sum(h) = n/2). Wait, maybe not. Let me think again.

Wait, the overlap integral is ∫h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. For binary h, this is equal to the integral over x where h(x) = 1 and h(x +k) = 0. Since h is binary, 1 - h(x +k) is 1 when h(x +k) is 0. So the integral is the sum over all x where h(x) = 1 and h(x +k) = 0 of dx. 

If we discretize this into the grid, then for each x_i, if h[x_i] = 1 and h[x_j] = 0 for x_j = x_i +k, then the integral contribution is dx. However, the exact value of k depends on how the shift is applied. But since we are using the continuous correlation, the lag can be any real number, not just grid steps. However, the grid is finite, so the maximum lag is limited by the grid size. 

But for the purpose of a binary approximation, perhaps we can model this as follows: for a binary h, the maximum overlap is the maximum over all k of the number of positions where h[x] = 1 and h[x +k] = 0, multiplied by dx. 

This seems like a problem of maximizing the minimal overlap, which is similar to the concept of "low autocorrelation binary sequences". In such sequences, the maximum autocorrelation is minimized, which would correspond to maximizing the minimum overlap. 

Wait, no. For binary sequences, the autocorrelation function is the sum over x of h[x]h[x +k], which for binary h would be the number of overlapping 1s. If we want to maximize the minimum value of this autocorrelation, that would be the opposite of the standard approach. 

But the overlap integral in our problem is 1 minus the autocorrelation of h with itself at lag k, scaled by dx. Because:

Original overlap integral: ∫h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx = ∫h(x)dx - ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx = 1 - ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx.

So, minimizing the maximum of this would be equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx over all k. Therefore, our problem is equivalent to finding a binary sequence with half 1s and half 0s such that the minimum autocorrelation over all lags is as large as possible. 

This seems like a standard problem in signal design. The best known sequences for minimizing the maximum autocorrelation are called Barker codes, but they are for certain lengths. However, for our case, we need to maximize the minimum autocorrelation, which might not be covered by standard codes. 

But how does this help? If I can find such a sequence, it would directly address the problem. However, the problem is that the length of the sequence must be even, and the length n must be large enough. Since the previous strategies used n_points around 200, which is even, maybe that's manageable. 

But how to construct such a sequence? For example, for a binary sequence of length n, the minimal autocorrelation is the smallest value across all lags. We want this minimal value to be as large as possible. This is similar to the concept of a "maximin" autocorrelation sequence. 

But I'm not sure how to construct such a sequence. Maybe using a randomized approach or a greedy algorithm. Alternatively, perhaps using a phase-shifted binary sequence. 

Alternatively, think about the binary sequence as a set of positions where h is 1. The problem is to choose positions so that any shift of the sequence has as many overlaps as possible. 

But even if I can find such a binary sequence, the problem is that the exact integral requires a continuous function, but the binary sequence can be used as a discretized approximation. 

Another idea: use a randomized construction where the binary sequence is generated such that the maximum autocorrelation is minimized. This could be achieved through a similar approach to the one used in previous strategies, but with a focus on binary sequences. 

However, using binary sequences might be an over-simplification since the original problem allows h to be between 0 and 1, not just 0 or 1. Perhaps allowing some intermediate values could lead to better results. 

But given the time constraints and the goal of finding an improved upper bound, maybe it's worth exploring the binary sequences first. 

So the plan is: construct a binary sequence with half 1s and half 0s, such that the minimum autocorrelation over all lags is maximized. Then, discretize this sequence into the grid, and compute the overlap integral. 

But how to generate such a binary sequence? One approach is to start with a random binary sequence and iteratively improve it by flipping bits to increase the minimum autocorrelation. However, this could be computationally expensive. 

Alternatively, use a constructive method. For example, arrange the 1s in the sequence such that they are spaced out as evenly as possible. For instance, if the sequence is periodic with period n/2, but that might not work. 

Alternatively, use a greedy approach: place the 1s in the sequence such that each new 1 is placed to maximize the minimum of the current autocorrelation. 

But this is getting a bit abstract. Let me think about how to translate this into an algorithm. 

Suppose I use a binary sequence with n_points = 200, and we need to distribute 100 ones. The autocorrelation at lag k is the number of positions where both h[i] and h[i +k] are 1. To minimize the maximum autocorrelation, we want to arrange the ones so that any shift doesn't align too many ones. 

But since the problem requires maximizing the minimum of these autocorrelations, which is equivalent to our goal of minimizing the overlap integral. 

So, the challenge is to find a binary sequence of 200 points with 100 ones that maximizes the minimum autocorrelation. 

But how to compute this? This seems like a problem that could be approached via integer optimization, but it might not be tractable for n=200. 

Alternatively, use a heuristic approach. For example, generate a random sequence, compute its autocorrelation, and iteratively swap bits to increase the minimum autocorrelation. 

However, given the time budget of 600 seconds, a heuristic approach could be feasible. 

Another idea: use a series of non-overlapping intervals for the 1s. For example, if the ones are placed every other point, but shifted to avoid overlaps. But for a 200-point sequence, this might not be possible. 

Alternatively, use a modular arithmetic approach: place 1s at positions congruent to 0 mod m, where m is a divisor of n_points. For example, m = sqrt(n_points), but this could lead to certain overlaps. 

But I'm not confident about this approach. 

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of the Fourier transform. The autocorrelation function is the inverse Fourier transform of the power spectral density. So, to design a sequence with a flat spectrum (i.e., low autocorrelation), we want the Fourier coefficients to be as uniform as possible. However, this is more of a theory than a practical algorithm. 

Given the time constraints, perhaps a numerical approach is better. 

But since the user wants a different approach from the previous strategies, which involved optimization of continuous functions, maybe I can take a different route. 

Here's a new idea: use a greedy algorithm to construct a binary sequence with the desired properties. 

The steps could be:

1. Initialize a random binary sequence with 100 ones and 100 zeros.
2. For each possible shift k (from 1 to n_points-1), compute the autocorrelation at lag k, which is the number of overlapping ones.
3. Identify the shift k with the maximum autocorrelation.
4. Flip the value of one of the bits in the sequence to reduce the autocorrelation at that shift.
5. Repeat steps 2-4 until a stopping criterion is met, such as a maximum number of iterations or convergence.

But this is a simplified version and may not be very effective. Moreover, dealing with the overlap for all lags simultaneously is complex. 

Alternatively, use a more systematic approach: for each shift, compute the number of overlapping ones and try to minimize the maximum over all shifts. This is similar to the problem of designing a code with certain properties, but again, without a known solution, it's challenging. 

Another thought: if we can generate a binary sequence with low peak autocorrelation, then that would be ideal. The "low autocorrelation binary sequences" mentioned earlier have this property. For example, Barker codes have autocorrelation values of 0 or 1 for all non-zero lags, but they exist only for certain lengths. 

Since the problem allows any n_points (even), maybe for n_points = 200, such a sequence could be constructed. However, I don't know if such a sequence exists. 

Alternatively, use a sequence with low autocorrelation by placing the 1s as evenly spaced as possible. For example, place a 1 every other point, but this would lead to autocorrelation of 0.5 for lag 1, 0.5 for lag 2, etc. But this might not be optimal. 

In any case, given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to use a structured binary sequence and then apply a local optimization to refine it. 

But since the previous strategies used continuous optimization, and this idea is about binary sequences, it's a different approach. 

Wait, but the problem allows h(x) to be any step function between 0 and 1, not necessarily binary. So perhaps combining the binary approach with interpolation. For example, using the binary sequence as a base and then allowing some intermediate values to smooth out the overlaps. 

However, this may complicate the optimization. 

Another angle: since the overlap integral depends on the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx, and the integral of h is 1, this can be rewritten as the integral of h(x)dx minus the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. So to minimize the maximum overlap, we need to maximize the minimum of the autocorrelation over all lags. 

So, for a given h, the maximum overlap integral is 1 minus the minimum autocorrelation across lags. Therefore, maximizing the minimum autocorrelation is the same as minimizing the maximum overlap. 

So the problem reduces to maximizing the minimum over k of ∫h(x)h(x +k)dx. 

Now, for a binary sequence, this is equal to the number of overlapping 1s for each lag, divided by n, since the integral would be (number of overlapping 1s) * dx. 

But dx is 2 / n. So the integral is (number of overlapping 1s) * (2/n). 

Therefore, for binary sequences, the maximum overlap integral is 1 - (min_k (number_of_overlapping_1s)) * (2/n). 

But since our goal is to minimize this maximum overlap integral, we need to maximize the minimum number_of_overlapping_1s. 

Therefore, the core of the problem is to find a binary sequence with half ones such that the minimal overlap across lags is maximized. 

This is similar to a combinatorial optimization problem. 

But how to construct such a sequence? 

Given the time, perhaps the best way is to implement a greedy algorithm to generate such a sequence. 

So, the plan is:

1. Initialize a binary sequence with 100 ones and 100 zeros.
2. For a given sequence, compute the autocorrelation at each lag.
3. Find the lag with the smallest autocorrelation.
4. Flip bits in the sequence to increase this autocorrelation.
5. Repeat until convergence or a stopping criterion is met.

But this is a high-level idea. Implementing this requires specifics. 

Alternatively, use an existing algorithm for constructing low autocorrelation sequences. For example, using the 'streaming' algorithm or other known methods. 

But given the time constraints, perhaps the most feasible approach is to use a binary sequence and apply a local optimization scheme. 

Another idea: use the initial parent solution and adjust it to become a binary sequence. For example, if the initial h_values are between 0 and 1, round them to 0 or 1. This would give a binary sequence, which could be further optimized. 

But this would be a starting point. 

However, this is getting a bit too vague. I need to structure this into a concrete plan. 

So the final plan would involve using a binary sequence, optimzing it to maximize the minimum autocorrelation. To implement this, I can use a heuristic algorithm that iteratively improves the binary sequence. 

This approach is different from the previous strategies, which used continuous optimization and simulation methods. By focusing on the binary structure and autocorrelation, it addresses the problem from a different angle. 

Now, to translate this into code:

1. Start with the initial_h_values, if available. If not, generate a random binary sequence with half ones.
2. Normalize the sequence to ensure the sum is n/2.
3. Compute the autocorrelation for each lag.
4. Identify the lag with the minimum autocorrelation.
5. Adjust the binary sequence to increase this autocorrelation. This could involve flipping bits where it helps. For example, for each bit that is 0 and not aligned with the minimum lag, flipping it to 1 might increase the overlap. But this requires careful consideration.
6. Repeat until convergence.

However, implementing this requires a concrete method for flipping bits. One possible approach is to use a local search where each iteration flips one bit to improve the minimum autocorrelation. 

But this is a rough outline. 

Another step is to ensure that the generated sequence is feasible and maintains the integral constraint. Once the binary sequence is optimized, it can be discretized into the grid points. 

This approach would be different from previous strategies, which used continuous optimization. It leverages the structure of the problem by focusing on the binary nature of the solution and autocorrelation properties. 

Now, considering the computational feasibility, with n_points = 200, the number of possible shifts is 200, and the algorithm can be run within the 600-second budget by using efficient heuristics. 

Therefore, the proposed plan is to use a binary sequence with half ones, optimize it to maximize the minimum autocorrelation, and use that as the basis for the step function h(x).
</think>

<strategy>
1. Approach and rationale
The central idea is to design a binary sequence with half ones and half zeros that maximizes the minimal autocorrelation across all lags. This directly addresses the core of the problem by converting it into a combinatorial optimization task, sidestepping the non-convexity of continuous optimization. By focusing on binary sequences, we leverage well-understood properties of autocorrelation and can achieve higher precision through tailored heuristic refinement, avoiding the local optima pitfalls of gradient-based methods. The primary limitation is the computational complexity of evaluating autocorrelations for all lags, which is mitigated by a greedy update strategy.

2. Mathematical specification
Variables:
- h ∈ {0, 1}^n_points: binary step function with values in {0, 1}
- dx = 2.0 / n_points: grid spacing
- target_sum = n_points / 2: required integral constraint
- Autocorrelation at lag k: C_k = (number of i where h[i] = 1 and h[i + k] = 1) * dx
- Objective: Maximize min_k C_k 
- Constraints: ∑h[i] = target_sum and 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 for all i

Exact objective function: 
C₅ = max_k (1 - C_k) = 1 - min_k C_k

This formulation ensures the exact objective matches the evaluator's calculation, as all overlaps are directly computed from the binary sequence's autocorrelation properties.

3. Implementation procedure
Parent validation:
- If initial_h_values is provided, convert to binary by thresholding at 0.5
- Normalize to ensure ∑h[i] ≈ target_sum within 1e-6

Initialization:
- For n_points=200, create h_initial with random binary values (100 ones)
- Normalize via (h_initial * target_sum) / np.sum(h_initial)

Optimization loop (max 600s):
For iterations in 0 to 1000:
    1. Compute lags: k = 1 to n_points -1
    2. For each lag k, compute autocorrelation C_k using:
       C_k = (np.sum(h[i] * h[(i + k) % n_points] for i in range(n_points)) * dx
    3. Find lag with minimum C_k: min_k_C = min(C_k)
    4. Find all i where h[i] = 0 and h[i + k] = 1 (potential flips)
    5. Randomly select one such i and flip h[i] to 1
    6. Normalize h after each flip: h = h * (target_sum / np.sum(h))
    7. Clip values to [0,1] and re-normalize if necessary
    8. Track best solution found so far (max min_k_C)

Refinement phase:
- For top 10 candidates, perform 50 iterations of:
   - Update binary sequence using:
      a) Compute lags
      b) Find lag with minimum C_k
      c) Flip one bit in the sequence to increase C_k
   - Normalize and clip after each step

Constraint handling:
- Enforce ∑h = target_sum via normalization after every update
- Apply soft clipping with penalty term when violating bounds

4. Search choices and useful variations
Default Configuration:
- n_points=200 (balances resolution and time)
- Initial random binary sequence
- Flip step: 1 iteration, 1000 maximum loops
- Refinement iterations: 50
- Probability of flipping: 0.8 for random bits

Variations:
- Adaptive flipping: Increase flipping rate when min_k_C stagnates
- Multi-lag strategy: Consider top 5 lags with lowest C_k
- Hybrid refinement: Combine with local continuous optimization
- Perturbation mode: Use Gaussian noise on top solutions

5. Compute budget and robustness
Time Allocation:
- 400s: Primary optimization loop
- 150s: Refinement on top candidates
- 50s: Fallback to parent solution

Robustness Measures:
- Maintain valid solutions via normalization and clipping
- Track best solution after every iteration
- Use exponential decay for flip rate
- Limit individual update complexity to O(n_points)
- Store parent solution as fallback

Validation:
- Re-compute C₅ using exact objective function
- Ensure results match evaluator's calculation
- Perform sanity checks:
   a) Correlation length matches 2*n_points-1
   b) Overlap values are positive
   c) Maximum overlap is correctly identified
   d) Constraint satisfaction is within tolerance

6. Validation and return contract
Feasibility Checks:
- ∑h ≈ target_sum within 1e-6
- All h[i] ∈ {0,1}
- Correlation calculation uses mode="full" with proper scaling

Final Validation:
- Re-compute C₅ using exact objective function
- Ensure results match evaluator's calculation
- Perform sanity checks:
   a) Correlation length matches expected size
   b) Overlap values are positive
   c) Maximum overlap is correctly identified
   d) Constraint satisfaction is within tolerance

Return Format:
- h_values as list of floats in {0,1}
- c5_bound as exact value
- n_points as integer
</strategy>