<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous approach used a genetic algorithm with a population of candidates and then local optimization. But maybe there's a better way. Let me think about possible strategies.

First, the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral, which is essentially finding a function h that when convolved with (1 - h) shifted, gives the smallest possible maximum value. The constraints are that h is a step function with integral 1 over [0,2].

The previous code used a differential evolution approach with a population and mutation steps. However, maybe using a different optimization method, like using a gradient-based approach with careful constraints, could yield better results. Also, since we have a small number of samples (n_points), maybe using a more efficient optimization technique with constraints could help.

Wait, the previous code used a genetic algorithm with a population and then a local optimization. But perhaps starting with a better initial guess and refining it with a more effective local optimizer would be better. Also, maybe using a different initial guess than the provided initial_h_values. The initial_h_values might be a local minimum, so starting from there could get stuck. Maybe generating a few different initial guesses could help avoid that.

Another thought: The overlap integral is maximized over all shifts k. For a step function, the maximum overlap occurs at certain shifts. So, maybe the problem can be transformed into finding a h that balances the overlaps across these shifts. But how to model that.

An alternative approach could be to use a mathematical programming framework, like using a gradient-based method with constraints. For example, using the SLSQP method in scipy.optimize, which handles constraints. But the problem is the objective function is non-smooth because of the max operation. So, how to handle that.

Wait, the maximum of the correlation is what we need to minimize. But the max is over k, which can be tricky. However, in the code, the np.correlate gives all the possible lags, and we take the maximum of those. So, the objective function is non-differentiable at points where the maximum is achieved by multiple lags. But maybe we can approximate it with a smooth function, or use a solver that can handle this.

Alternatively, maybe using a penalty method where we optimize the maximum value directly. But the max operator makes it difficult for gradient-based methods.

Hmm. The previous approach used a genetic algorithm to explore the space and then refined the best candidates with a local optimizer. That might be effective, but perhaps with some improvements, like better initializations, better mutation steps, or using different optimization parameters.

Wait, in the previous code, the population is generated by perturbing the initial_h_values. But maybe instead of perturbing, using a more diverse set of initial samples could be better. For example, starting with different patterns, like a blocky function, or alternating regions of high and low values.

Another idea: The current code uses a fixed number of population members and generations. Maybe reducing the population size and focusing more on the best candidates would be more efficient. Also, adjusting the parameters like F and CR in the differential evolution could help.

But the user wants to avoid the previous approach, so maybe try a different method. Let's think of using a simulated annealing approach, or a coordinate descent method. However, with the time budget of 1100 seconds, maybe a combination of optimization steps could work.

Wait, another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model it as a convex optimization problem. But the objective is non-convex because of the max. However, if we can approximate the max as a smooth function, maybe using a convex surrogate could help.

Alternatively, use a discretized approach where we approximate the maximum overlap by considering all possible shifts in the discretized domain. For each sample point, compute the overlap at that shift and then take the maximum. But how to compute that efficiently.

Another approach: Since the overlap integral is evaluated using np.correlate, which computes the cross-correlation, maybe we can use a numerical optimization method that directly avoids the max operation by considering the entire correlation array. But the problem remains that the max is the objective to minimize.

Wait, the previous code uses a differential evolution approach with a population and then a local optimization. But maybe using a more efficient local optimizer, like the BFGS method with constraints, could lead to better results. Also, using a better initial guess could help.

Let me think about the code structure. The current code starts with a population of perturbed initial guesses, then performs a fixed number of generations of differential evolution. Then, it uses a local optimizer on the best candidate.

But perhaps starting with a better initial guess is better. For example, what if we start with a more optimal initial guess, perhaps based on some analytical solution or heuristic?

Alternatively, use a different optimization algorithm. For instance, using a simplex method or a gradient-based approach with constraints.

Another thought: The constraint is that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So, h has to be a measure that integrates to 1. For a step function, this is equivalent to sum h_i * dx = 1, which is sum h_i = n_points / 2.

So the problem is to find a vector h with entries between 0 and 1, summing to n_points / 2, such that the maximum of the cross-correlation is minimized.

Maybe using a coordinate descent approach, where we optimize each entry of h, while maintaining the sum constraint. But how to handle the max over lags.

Alternatively, maybe use a dynamic programming approach, but I don't see an immediate way.

Alternatively, think of the overlap as the sum over all shifts, and try to find h that balances these overlaps. However, this is too vague.

Another idea: Since the cross-correlation at a lag k is sum h_i (1 - h_{i + k}) dx. For each k, we want to minimize this value. But the maximum over k is what we need to minimize. So, perhaps the optimal h is one that distributes the 1s and 0s in a way that any shift doesn't cause too much overlap.

This seems similar to a covering problem or a scheduling problem where we want to avoid overlaps. Perhaps a periodic function could be useful. For example, a function that alternates between high and low values with some period that doesn't align with the shifts.

But how to set this up in a numerical optimization framework.

Back to code. The previous code uses a genetic algorithm with a population but may not be efficient. Let's think about using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a local optimization like L-BFGS-B with constraints. But the problem is that the objective function is non-smooth. However, maybe we can approximate the maximum as a differentiable function. For example, using a smoothed maximum over the correlation values.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum correlation, maybe we can use a projected gradient descent approach. At each step, compute the gradient of the current maximum correlation, and adjust the h values to decrease it. However, the gradient would be zero except when the current maximum is achieved by a particular lag. But this might be complicated to implement.

Another approach is to use the following: since the maximum is what we need to minimize, perhaps we can introduce an additional variable that represents the maximum value, and then add constraints that each correlation value is less than or equal to this variable. Then, we can minimize this variable subject to the constraints. This turns the problem into an optimization with a single variable and multiple constraints.

So, the optimization variables are h (the step function) and a scalar C₅. The constraints are:

1. For each k, the cross-correlation at shift k (computed using the h) must be ≤ C₅.
2. Sum h_i * dx = 1.
3. 0 ≤ h_i ≤ 1.

But how to compute the cross-correlation for all k. For a given h, we can compute the cross-correlation as an array, then take the maximum. But this is a problem since the constraints are not convex and the number of constraints grows with the number of lags, which for n_points samples is O(n_points^2).

However, for the purpose of the optimization, maybe we can focus on the maximum using some approximation. However, this seems computationally intensive.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum correlation, we can use an iterative approach: for each iteration, compute the current maximum, then adjust h to reduce that maximum, while maintaining the sum constraint. This could be done with a solver that can handle the constraints.

But the problem is that the maximum is not directly differentiable, so the gradient might not be feasible. However, if we can find a way to approximate the gradient, it might be possible to use a solver like SLSQP.

Another idea: Let's consider that for a given h, the maximum overlap is the maximum of all cross-correlation values. So, perhaps we can approximate the maximum by considering a few key shifts, but that's not guaranteed to work.

Alternatively, use a multiplicative approach: If we can find h that balances the overlaps at different shifts, then the maximum overlap would be minimized.

But without knowing the optimal structure of h, this is difficult.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code's method. Let's think about the previous code:

- Starts with a population of perturbed initial guesses.
- For each candidate, performs a local optimization using L-BFGS-B with constraints.
- The code uses a genetic algorithm to explore the solution space and then local optimization to refine.

But perhaps the previous code is too slow, or not exploring the space sufficiently. Maybe we can improve the initial guesses.

For example, instead of perturbing the initial_h_values, maybe generate some initial guesses based on different patterns. For instance, starting with a block function, or a periodic function, or using other patterns with different structures. This could help avoid local minima.

Another idea: Since the target is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation, perhaps the optimal h has certain properties: it should be as "balanced" as possible across different shifts. Therefore, the initial guess could be a function that is evenly distributed, like a triangular or sine function discretized into steps.

Alternatively, if the initial_h_values provided by the parent construction is a known solution, maybe we can use that as a base, but also generate some other initial guesses. For example, generate a few different starting configurations.

But the user said to use the initial_h_values if available, so we should reference it directly.

So, let's think about the code. The previous approach had a population of 50 individuals, each perturbed with normal noise. Then, for each generation, they mutate and choose the best trial. However, maybe using a smaller population and focusing on the best candidates could be more efficient. Also, after the population is generated, they perform a local optimization on the best candidate.

Another possible improvement: Instead of using a fixed number of generations, use a more adaptive approach where the algorithm stops earlier if no improvement is observed. Also, adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution, such as the mutation and crossover factors, to find better solutions.

Alternatively, use a different optimization algorithm for the local step, such as the SLSQP method with more aggressive settings.

Wait, in the previous code, the local optimization is done with the SLSQP method, which is good for handling constraints. However, the problem is that the objective is non-smooth. So, perhaps during the local optimization, the solver may have trouble. To handle this, we can use a smoothing technique or approximate the max function with a differentiable function, like the max with a small epsilon, or use the sum of exponential terms.

Alternatively, use a different approach for the local optimization phase. Maybe using the COBYLA method, which doesn't require gradients but is limited in the number of variables. Or, since we have a small number of variables (n_points), using the trust-constr method which uses a trust region approach.

But all of these require changes to the code structure.

Another idea: Since the initial_h_values is given, maybe we can start with that and then perform a more targeted optimization. For example, perturb the initial guess in specific ways that are likely to reduce the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, use a mesh adaptation strategy, where we refine the grid where the overlap is high and adjust the function in those regions.

But perhaps the best approach, given the time, is to enhance the existing code by improving the initial guesses, adjusting the parameters, and using more efficient local optimization.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code has a population of 50 individuals and runs for 500 generations. The local optimization uses SLSQP with 200 iterations. Maybe we can reduce the number of generations but increase the number of local optimization steps. Or, combine the genetic approach with a more efficient local optimizer.

Another possible improvement: When generating initial guesses, instead of using random noise, maybe use a more systematic way. For example, create different patterns such as alternating high/low regions, blocks, or sine waves. This could lead to more diverse initial solutions.

So, here's a plan for the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a base for generating initial guesses.
2. Generate a few different initial configurations, like varying the initial_h_values in a structured way (e.g., shifting, scaling, or applying patterns).
3. Use a genetic algorithm to explore the solution space, but with more efficient parameters.
4. Perform a local optimization on the best candidates found.
5. Track the best solution found during the entire process.
6. Adjust the parameters to balance exploration and exploitation, and speed up the optimization.

But how to implement this within the code structure.

An alternative is to use a different optimization algorithm. For example, using a basin-hopping algorithm, which is a global optimization method that performs local optimization steps with random perturbations. This could explore the solution space more effectively.

However, implementing this would require integrating with scipy's BasinHopping. But given that the user has a time budget of 1100 seconds, this might be feasible.

Alternatively, use a more efficient local optimizer, such as the Nelder-Mead method, which is derivative-free and can handle constraints.

But I need to structure this into code.

Let me think about the code for the run function.

The previous code uses a differential evolution approach with a fixed population and generations. To improve it, perhaps:

- Use a smaller population but run for more generations, or vice versa.
- Use a different mutation and crossover strategy.
- Adjust the parameters F and CR (mutation and crossover factors).
- Increase the mutation strength initially to explore the solution space, then decrease over time.
- Use a different initial guess generation method, like creating variations of the initial_h_values.

Another possible improvement: Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum over shifts, maybe we can focus on the shifts that contribute the most to the maximum overlap. For example, for the initial_h_values, compute the current maximum overlap and then adjust h to reduce that particular shift's overlap.

But without knowing which shift is the maximum, this is challenging. However, during the optimization process, the code can track the maximum and adjust accordingly.

Alternatively, during the local optimization, use a derivative-free method that is better suited for handling the max function.

But perhaps the main thing is to improve the initial guess and the local optimization step.

An alternative approach is to use the provided initial_h_values and perform a more targeted optimization. For example, using a gradient-based method with a smoothed objective function.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code, making adjustments to the initial guesses and optimization parameters.

So, here's the plan for the code:

- Start with the provided initial_h_values.
- Generate a few initial candidates by perturbing the initial_h_values with different patterns.
- Use a differential evolution approach with adjusted parameters (e.g., higher population size, more generations).
- Perform local optimization with SLSQP, but with a different initial guess.
- Maybe use the best candidate from the genetic algorithm as the initial guess for the local optimization.
- Also, consider using a more efficient way to compute the maximum overlap, such as using vectorized operations or avoiding unnecessary recomputations.

Another idea: Precompute the cross-correlation for all shifts once during the optimization steps, and track the maximum. But this is already done in the previous code.

Another possible optimization: Reduce the number of points. The previous code uses n_points=70. If we can find a better solution with fewer points (say, 60), it might be faster and allow for more iterations.

But the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe reducing the n_points could be beneficial. However, the current record is for n=70.

Another approach: Use a random restart strategy where multiple different initial guesses are tried, each with a local optimization. For example, start with the initial_h_values, then generate several different initial guesses, each perturbed in different ways, and run local optimizations on all of them, keeping the best.

But in this case, the code would have to run multiple local optimizations, which may take time.

Putting this all together, the code would need to:

1. Generate multiple initial guesses based on the initial_h_values.
2. Perform differential evolution on those initial guesses.
3. For each candidate from the genetic algorithm, perform a local optimization with SLSQP.
4. Track the best solution found over time.
5. Stop when the time is up.

To implement this in the code, here's an outline:

- Use the initial_h_values.
- Generate a few different initial guesses (e.g., by scaling, shifting, or adding noise).
- Use a genetic algorithm to explore the solution space, with parameters adjusted for efficiency.
- Perform a local optimization on the best candidates from each generation.
- Track the best solution and return it.

Now, to write the code, considering the previous structure but making adjustments.

For example, in the previous code, they used a population of 50 individuals and ran for 500 generations. Let's adjust the number of generations to be fewer but with more local optimization steps. Also, using a better initial guess.

But to save time, perhaps reduce the number of generations and focus on the best candidates.

Another possible improvement is to use the SLSQP method with more iterations for the local optimization. For example, in the previous code, the local optimization runs for 200 iterations. Perhaps increasing this to 500 could yield better results.

Alternatively, use a more aggressive local optimization step.

In terms of code structure, the previous approach uses a for loop for the generations, and for each individual in the population, creates a trial via mutation and crossover. Then, evaluates the objective function.

Perhaps adjusting the parameters F and CR (mutation rate and crossover rate) could help. For example, using a higher F to explore more, but then lowering it over time.

Alternatively, using a different algorithm like particle swarm optimization (PSO) could be more efficient. However, scipy doesn't have a PSO implementation, but there are other methods.

But given the time constraints, sticking with the differential evolution approach and making it more efficient might be better.

So, here's a modified approach:

- Use the initial_h_values as the base.
- Generate a few initial guesses (say, 20) by adding different types of perturbations.
- Use a differential evolution approach with a smaller population size but more generations (e.g., 100 generations).
- Perform local optimization on the best candidates from each generation.
- Track the best solution throughout.

Another possible improvement: Use the best candidate from the genetic algorithm as the initial guess for the SLSQP optimization, which could lead to better convergence.

Additionally, in the previous code, the local optimization uses the SLSQP method with a constraint that sum(h) = target_sum. The objective is the maximum of the cross-correlation. But this is a non-smooth function. To handle this, perhaps using the SLSQP method's ability to handle equality constraints is sufficient, and the max will be navigated through the gradient approximations.

Another possible issue is that the evalutation of the objective function is done via np.correlate, which is accurate but could be slow. However, for small n_points (like 70), it's manageable.

So, modifying the previous code:

- Adjust the number of generations and the population size.
- Use a different way to generate initial guesses.
- Optimize the local optimization parameters.

But how to implement this. For example, in the previous code, the initial population is created by adding noise to the initial_h_values. To generate a more diverse set of initial guesses, maybe perturb the initial_h_values with different noise scales, or use other patterns.

Alternatively, create variations of the initial_h_values by shifting them or applying some transformation.

In any case, the code should be structured to take the initial_h_values (if available) and then generate initial populations, perform differential evolution, and tune the parameters for better performance.

Finally, the code must return the best solution found within the time budget, with the smallest possible C₅.

So, the final code would involve similar steps to the previous one but with adjusted parameters and maybe a more diverse initial population. Additionally, perhaps reducing the number of generations to save time and focus on the best candidates.

I think that's the direction to go. Now, translate this into code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import differential_evolution, minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 60  # Reduced for faster optimization
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    if 'initial_h_values' in globals():
        initial_h = initial_h_values.copy()
    else:
        initial_h = np.full(n_points, 0.5)
    
    def objective(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0)] * n_points
    
    # Generate initial guesses with diverse perturbations
    def generate_perturbations(base_h, num_perturb=10):
        perturbations = []
        for i in range(num_perturb):
            noise = np.random.normal(0, 0.25, n_points) if i < 3 else np.random.uniform(-0.5, 0.5, n_points)
            h = base_h + noise
            h = np.clip(h, 0.0, 1.0)
            h = h * (target_sum / np.sum(h))
            perturbations.append(h)
        return perturbations
    
    initial_pop = generate_perturbations(initial_h, num_perturb=10)
    
    # Differential Evolution optimization
    result = differential_evolution(
        fun=objective,
        bounds=bounds,
        popsize=15,  # Smaller for faster convergence
        strategy='best1bin',
        mutation=(0.5, 1.0),
        recombination=0.9,
        tol=1e-8,
        maxiter=100,
        seed=seed,
        polish=True,
        disp=False
    )
    
    # Local optimization with SLSQP
    def constraint(h):
        return np.sum(h) - target_sum
    
    result_slsqp = minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=result.x,
        method='SLSQP',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint},
        options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8}
    )
    
    best_h = result_slsqp.x
    best_c5 = result_slsqp.fun
    
    # Final refinement with local search
    def local_refine(h):
        result = minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=h,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint},
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        return result.x, result.fun
    
    best_h, best_c5 = local_refine(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```