<think>
Okay, so my goal is to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a 70-point discretization and a stochastic optimization approach with SLSQP. The current record is around 0.38085, and I need to try to get lower than that, maybe 0.380876 or better.

First, I need to understand the problem. The function h is a step function over [0,2], with integral 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. Minimizing this value gives a better upper bound for C₅.

The previous code used a perturbation method with SLSQP, but maybe there are better optimization strategies or different initializations that could lead to better results. The current approach might get stuck in local minima, so trying different starting points or more sophisticated optimization techniques could help.

One idea is to use a different optimization algorithm, like genetic algorithms or particle swarm optimization, which are good for global search. However, those might be slower. Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient local optimizer with better tuning of parameters.

Another thought is to increase the number of points. The previous solution used 70 points, but perhaps with more points (like 100 or 200), the optimization can find a better configuration. However, the time budget is 1100 seconds, so with more points, each optimization step might take longer, which could be a problem.

Wait, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred because they are faster. So maybe using n_points around 100 is better than 200. Also, the previous code used 70 points, so maybe trying a similar or slightly larger number.

The initial_h_values are provided, which might be a good starting point. The code should use them if available. The previous code starts with initial_h_values or a uniform distribution. So I should make sure to use initial_h_values if available.

Another thing is the perturbation step. The previous code added random noise with a decreasing sigma based on time. Maybe adjusting the sigma or using different perturbation strategies could help. Also, maybe using a more sophisticated method for perturbation, like using a gradient-based approach to guide the perturbations.

Additionally, the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. The previous code calculated the max of the cross-correlation, which is the key part. But maybe there's a way to better model this in the optimization, like using a more effective gradient calculation or using a different formulation.

Another angle is to consider the problem structure. The cross-correlation is essentially evaluating the maximum overlap between h and 1-h shifted. So, the problem is similar to designing a function h that is as non-overlapping as possible with itself when shifted. This might relate to optimizing for certain properties, like low autocorrelation.

In terms of algorithms, maybe using gradient descent with a learning rate that adapts over time. Or using a more sophisticated optimizer like BFGS with constraints. Also, maybe using a different method for handling the constraints, like adding them as part of the optimization process more effectively.

But given the time constraints, perhaps sticking to SLSQP but with better hyperparameters. For example, adjusting the maximum number of iterations, tolerance levels, or the initial step sizes. Also, maybe using a better initial guess.

Alternatively, using a different strategy for generating initial points. For example, instead of a uniform distribution or initial_h_values, maybe using a pattern that's known to be good, like a periodic function or a piecewise constant function with certain intervals.

Wait, the Erdős problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, which is similar to code design or error-correcting codes. Maybe there are known constructions from that area that could be adapted here. For example, using a set of intervals that are spaced out to minimize overlaps.

Another idea is to use a more structured approach for the h function. For example, dividing the [0,2] interval into segments where h is 1 or 0, trying to balance the overlapping when shifted. However, with a continuous function, it's not clear how to model this.

But since the function is discretized into a step function (h is a vector of values), maybe using a piecewise constant function with certain transitions. However, handling this in optimization might be tricky.

Alternatively, since the integral constraint is ∑h = n_points/2, maybe the function h is designed to have certain areas where it is 1 and others where it's 0. The goal is to have these 1's and 0's arranged so that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem? Perhaps by using a heuristic to place the 1's in a way that their shifted copies don't overlap much. However, this is vague and might not be easily optimized.

Another thought is to use a genetic algorithm approach. The idea is to evolve a population of h functions, selecting those with lower C5 values. However, given the time budget, this might be too slow unless the population size and generations are kept small. But with 1100 seconds, maybe it's feasible for a smaller population.

But the previous code uses a deterministic optimization with SLSQP. Maybe combining a genetic algorithm with local optimization could be better, but that might complicate the code and use more resources.

Alternatively, using a different optimizer, like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, which are better for constrained problems. The previous code used SLSQP. Maybe switching to another method could help.

Wait, the user's previous code used SLSQP, which is good for equality constraints and bounds. Maybe trying to use a more efficient method, like L-BFGS-B with constraints handled via penalty functions, but that could be complex.

Alternatively, using a warm start with the initial guess and then perturbing it more effectively.

Another point is the evaluation of the cross-correlation. The current code uses np.correlate with mode="full", which might be computationally expensive. Maybe there's a way to optimize that part or vectorize it better.

Wait, but the main problem is the optimization itself. How to better navigate the solution space.

Another idea: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. This is a non-smooth function because the max is taken. This can make optimization challenging. Perhaps, instead of directly optimizing the max, we can use a different approach, like trying to minimize the maximum by using a penalty on the individual cross-correlation values. However, that's not straightforward.

Alternatively, use a more sophisticated optimization method that can handle non-smooth objectives, like a proximal gradient method, but integrating that into the code would be complex.

Alternatively, maybe the previous approach is okay, but the parameters need tuning. For example, the initial perturbation step size, the number of iterations, or the tolerance levels.

Wait, the previous code had a while loop that runs for the entire budget, with each iteration doing a perturbation and optimization. Maybe this can be improved by doing more iterations per optimization, or using a better learning rate schedule.

Another thing is that the code uses a fixed number of iterations per optimization (maxiter=500), which might be too much or too little. Maybe adjusting that based on time.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization setup where each iteration tries to improve the solution more effectively.

Another thought is that the current code uses the initial_h_values, but maybe the initial guess could be better. For example, using a known good construction or a more intelligent starting point.

Also, checking if the initial_h_values are actually good. If they are based on previous work, maybe they are a good starting point. But if not, perhaps generating a better initial guess.

Another possible improvement is to use a larger number of points. For example, using n_points=120 instead of 70. More points could allow for a more precise function that minimizes the overlap. However, with more points, each optimization step might take longer. Let's see: 120 points would have 120/2 = 60 sum. The time budget is 1100 seconds. Let's say that with more points, the code might take longer, but maybe the improvement in C5 is worth it.

Alternatively, trying n_points=100. Let's consider that.

But how to decide? Maybe trying a higher n_points can help, but the code needs to be efficient.

Alternatively, using a different discretization method. For example, using a symmetric pattern or a regular structure.

Another idea: instead of randomly perturbing the initial guess, use a gradient-based approach to adjust the h values based on the gradient of the objective function. However, calculating the gradient of the max function is tricky because the max is non-differentiable.

But perhaps using a numerical gradient approximation. However, the previous code uses SLSQP which automatically computes gradients if possible. Maybe the problem is that the current perturbation approach isn't effective, and using a more accurate gradient method could help.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization algorithm that is better for the problem's structure.

Another angle: the problem is similar to the binary search for a function that minimizes maximum overlap. This is similar to the problem of designing a binary sequence with low cross-correlation. In that case, techniques from coding theory might be applicable.

For example, a Barker code is a sequence with low autocorrelation. However, those are for binary sequences, and the Erdős problem is a continuous version. But maybe there are similar patterns that can be adapted.

For instance, a Barker code of length 5 has autocorrelation values of 0 and 1, but that's for a specific length. Translating that into a function h that is designed to have low overlap when shifted could help. However, since h is a step function over [0, 2], it's not directly applicable, but perhaps using similar principles.

But I'm not sure how to apply that here. Maybe generating a function with intervals that are spaced out to avoid overlap when shifted.

Alternatively, using a function that is periodic, but with certain properties. For example, a triangular wave or other periodic functions. But again, not sure.

Another idea is to use a simulated annealing approach, which allows for escaping local minima by accepting worse solutions with some probability. However, implementing that would require more code and could be time-consuming.

Considering the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to refine the existing method. For example, increasing the number of points to 100 or 120, adjusting the perturbation strategy, and using a more efficient optimizer.

Wait, in the previous code, the initial_h_values are used if available, which is the parent construction. So if there is an initial_h_values provided, it's better to use that. The user's previous program achieved a C5 of 0.380919, so there's room for improvement.

Another possible adjustment is to use a different method for the optimization. For instance, using a stochastic gradient descent approach with momentum or adaptive learning rates. But integrating that into the code might be complex.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization algorithm, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradients but can work with constraints. However, for high-dimensional problems, it might be slower.

Another thought is to use a better initial guess. For example, instead of starting with initial_h_values or a uniform distribution, maybe construct an initial guess that has some structure. For example, a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged to minimize overlap when shifted.

For instance, dividing [0,2] into intervals where h is 1, and spacing them so that shifting by k doesn't create overlap. But this is a bit abstract.

Alternatively, using a greedy algorithm to place the 1's in the function h such that each new 1 is placed where it causes the least overlap with existing ones. However, this greedy approach might not lead to the optimal solution.

But with discretization, perhaps this can be approximated. For example, starting with some initial points and iteratively adjusting their positions to minimize overlaps. However, this would require a different algorithmic approach.

Considering the time and complexity, perhaps the best path is to enhance the previous code's approach by:

1. Increasing the number of points (n_points) to potentially capture more precise configurations.
2. Using a more efficient optimizer with better parameter tuning.
3. Adjusting the perturbation strategy to explore more of the solution space.
4. Utilizing the initial_h_values as a better starting point.

So, I'll proceed to modify the code in those directions. For example, increasing n_points to 100 or 120. Also, tweaking the perturbation parameters. Additionally, maybe using a different optimizer, like using the 'COBYLA' method in scipy.optimize.minimize, which handles bounds and constraints well.

Another point is that the previous code uses a while loop with a fixed number of iterations, but perhaps using a more adaptive approach based on the time remaining. For example, allocating more optimization steps when time allows.

Also, ensuring that the perturbation step doesn't cause the solution to violate the constraints by clipping the values and normalizing the sum.

Let me outline the steps:

- Use the initial_h_values if available, otherwise use a uniform distribution.
- Try a larger n_points, say 100. Since the user's previous code used 70, increasing it to 100 could help.
- Use a different optimization method, like COBYLA or SLSQP with adjusted parameters.
- Implement a more efficient perturbation strategy, perhaps with a learning rate that decreases over time.
- Ensure that the code is efficient and doesn't exceed the time budget.

Another thing is that the current code's objective function returns the max of the cross-correlation values multiplied by dx. The dx is 2/n_points, so ensuring that the calculation is correct.

Now, let's try to code this approach. Here's the plan for the new code:

Use n_points = 100, which is larger than 70. Use the initial_h_values if available. The perturbation step would generate new h values by adding noise to the current best solution, then clip and normalize. The optimizer would be SLSQP or COBYLA.

But to save time, perhaps using a larger n_points is better. However, the user mentioned that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, so 100 is acceptable.

Another possible adjustment is to use a more efficient way of handling the constraints. For example, the sum constraint is handled by normalizing the perturbed h.

Also, in the previous code, the perturbation is done with a decreasing sigma based on time. Maybe adjusting that to have a more adaptive schedule.

Another thing is to use a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. However, the current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient.

Alternatively, precomputing all the possible shifts and using a different approach for the objective function.

But given the time, sticking to the existing code structure but with some improvements.

Now, considering all this, here's the plan for the new code:

- Set n_points = 100.
- Use initial_h_values if available, else a uniform distribution.
- Use SLSQP with tighter tolerance parameters.
- Adjust the perturbation noise to be smaller initially and perhaps vary over time.
- Perhaps use a different optimizer like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B.
- Increase the number of iterations per optimization step.
- Monitor the time spent and adjust accordingly.

But how to implement this in code.

Another thing to note is that the previous code used a while loop that ran until the budget is exhausted. Each iteration does a perturbation and optimization. However, this might be too slow for larger n_points. So maybe reducing the number of iterations per optimization, but increasing the per-iteration efficiency.

Alternatively, using a more effective optimization method that can find good solutions in fewer steps.

Also, avoiding redundant operations like recalculating the same objective multiple times.

Now, writing the code with these considerations.

Let's structure the code:

- Define run(seed, budget_s, ...).
- Set n_points as 100. If initial_h_values is available, use it. Else, use a uniform distribution.
- Define the objective function as the max cross-correlation multiplied by dx.
- Use a constraint for the sum.
- Use a perturbation approach with normally distributed noise, but with a smaller sigma, and clip to [0,1], then rescale to meet the sum constraint.
- Use a more efficient optimizer, perhaps with a different method, like COBYLA or SLSQP with adjusted parameters.
- Run multiple iterations within the time budget.

Also, adjust the sigma in perturbation based on time, perhaps decreasing it over time to converge better.

Another idea is to use a different starting point. For example, generating a random initial guess that satisfies the constraints, but this is already handled by the code.

Testing this approach in code.

Now, to code this, while keeping the code concise and within the token limits.

The code should start by importing necessary modules, then define the run function.

Let me proceed to write the code with the improvements mentioned.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 120
    ones_count = n_points // 2
    if 'initial_h_values' in globals():
        initial_h = initial_h_values.copy()
    else:
        initial_h = np.full(n_points, 0.5)
    
    def objective(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * (2.0 / n_points)
    
    def constraint_sum(h):
        return np.sum(h) - ones_count
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0)] * n_points
    best_h = initial_h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(initial_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Adaptive perturbation and optimization loop
    for _ in range(10):  # Limited iterations to control budget
        sigma = 0.03 * (1 - (_ * 100 / budget_s))
        h_perturbed = initial_h + np.random.normal(0, sigma, n_points)
        h_perturbed = np.clip(h_perturbed, 0.0, 1.0)
        h_perturbed = h_perturbed * (ones_count / np.sum(h_perturbed))
        
        result = minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=h_perturbed,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum},
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
            initial_h = result.x
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```