<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by finding a step function h that minimizes the overlap integral. The previous code used a random perturbation approach with SLSQP optimization, but I need to come up with a better method. Let me think about how to approach this.

The user mentioned a Fourier-based method. Maybe I can leverage the fact that cross-correlation in the time domain corresponds to multiplication in the frequency domain. So, maybe I should design h such that its Fourier transform has properties that reduce the maximum cross-correlation. That sounds like a plan.

First, I need to generate an initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point. But maybe starting with a more structured pattern, like a periodic function, could help. Since the problem is on [0,2], perhaps a function with a certain periodicity that's compatible with the interval.

Wait, but the problem requires h to be a step function. So maybe creating a piecewise constant function with certain intervals. However, the user's previous code used 70 points. Maybe increasing the number of points could help, but the budget is tight. Let's see. The user wants to use less than 1k samples, so 70 is acceptable.

The previous code used a random perturbation approach with SLSQP. But that might get stuck in local optima. So maybe using a gradient-based method with a better initialization. Alternatively, maybe using a more structured approach, like alternating projections or using a genetic algorithm, but given the time constraints, that might be too slow.

Alternatively, since the Fourier approach is suggested, I can try to model the problem in the frequency domain. Let me think: the cross-correlation of h and 1-h is the same as the convolution of h with 1-h reversed. The Fourier transform of this cross-correlation is H(f) * (1 - H(f))*, where * denotes complex conjugate. The maximum value of the cross-correlation would correspond to the maximum of the inverse Fourier transform of this product.

So the maximum of the cross-correlation in time domain is the maximum of the inverse Fourier transform of the product of H(f) and the conjugate of (1-H(f)). To minimize the maximum value of this product, we need to design H(f) such that the product is as flat as possible. That's similar to designing a filter with low sidelobes.

So, maybe I should design h such that its Fourier transform has certain properties. For example, making H(f) as close to a flat spectrum as possible, but subject to the constraints of the problem.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? The challenge is to find h in the time domain that leads to a flattened product in the frequency domain. Maybe I can model this as a constrained optimization problem where the objective is to minimize the maximum value of the cross-correlation, which is equivalent to minimizing the peak of the inverse Fourier transform of H(f)*(1 - H(f)).

But this seems abstract. How to handle this numerically?

Alternatively, I can approximate the maximum cross-correlation by evaluating the cross-correlation at various lags and minimizing the maximum. However, the cross-correlation is a function over all lags. So, the problem is to find h that minimizes the maximum value of the cross-correlation.

But how to model this? The previous approach used scipy.optimize.minimize with constraints. Maybe instead of random perturbations, I can use a more structured optimization. Perhaps using a gradient descent method with careful handling of the constraints.

Wait, the previous code used SLSQP with a random perturbation and tried to find a better solution. Maybe that's not sufficient. Let me think about the constraints again. The sum of h must be n_points / 2, so that's a constraint. Also, each h_i is between 0 and 1.

The problem is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation. So perhaps I can use a mathematical programming approach. However, the maximum function complicates things because it's a non-smooth objective. But using a gradient-based method like SLSQP might still work, especially if we can approximate it with a smooth function or use a penalty method.

Alternatively, maybe using a global optimization approach, but given the time budget, that's not feasible.

Wait, the previous code used 70 points. Let me think if there's a better way. Maybe using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but perhaps I can find a better initial guess.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal h has certain symmetry. For example, using a periodic pattern that repeats every certain interval. For instance, a function that is 1 on some intervals and 0 on others, arranged periodically.

But given that the interval is [0, 2], maybe a function that is 1 for a certain length and 0 otherwise, but arranged in a way that when shifted, it overlaps minimally. However, this is vague.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal solution is known to have a certain structure, perhaps inspired by known results or existing literature. For example, the current record is around 0.38, so perhaps looking for a function that approximates known patterns.

But the user wants an improved upper bound. Let me think of the Fourier approach again. If I can model the problem in the frequency domain, maybe I can find a way to construct h that minimizes the peak of the cross-correlation.

Another thought: the cross-correlation is maximized when the overlap between h and 1-h is as large as possible. To minimize this, h should be designed such that when shifted, it doesn't overlap too much with itself. So, perhaps designing h to have a certain regular structure.

But how to translate this into code? Let me think of the previous approach. The user's code used a while loop with random perturbations and SLSQP. Maybe that approach can be improved by initializing with a better starting point or by using a different optimization method.

Wait, the user's previous code used 70 points. Maybe trying with more points could help, but the problem states that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. However, 70 is acceptable. Maybe trying a larger n_points, but with the same approach. But given the time constraints, maybe 70 is okay.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. For instance, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm instead of SLSQP, which could be more robust to local minima.

But the previous code used SLSQP with constraints. Let me think of the code structure. The key parts are the objective function, which computes the maximum cross-correlation, and the constraint that the sum of h is fixed.

An alternative approach is to use a more efficient way to evaluate the cross-correlation and find its maximum. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives all lags. The maximum of that is the C5 value. So the objective is to minimize that maximum.

But evaluating this for each iteration could be time-consuming. However, given the budget of 1100 seconds, perhaps it's manageable.

Another idea: instead of random perturbations, use a more systematic way to explore the parameter space. For example, gradient descent with momentum, or using a Bayesian optimization approach to choose the next points to evaluate.

But implementing Bayesian optimization might be complex. Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method with better convergence.

Wait, in the previous code, the optimization loop runs for a while, using random perturbations and then doing SLSQP. Maybe the convergence is slow. So, to improve this, I can try to use a better optimization method, or adjust the parameters of the existing method.

Another thing to consider is the initial guess. If the initial guess is good, the optimization may find a better solution. The initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point. But maybe starting with a different initial guess could yield better results.

Let me also think about the constraints. The sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. The previous code enforces this by normalizing the sum after perturbations. This is important to maintain feasibility.

Now, the user's previous code had a C5 value of 0.380919, and the current target is 0.380876. So, there's a small improvement possible. The strategy mentioned a Fourier-based approach. Let me try to model that.

The cross-correlation in frequency domain is H(f) * (1 - H(f))^*. So, if I can design H(f) to have low sidelobes, the maximum of the inverse Fourier transform would be smaller. But how to translate this into an optimization problem?

Perhaps, we can approximate H(f) as a function in the frequency domain, and then invert it to get h in the time domain. However, this is a bit abstract. Let's think of it as an optimization problem where the objective is to minimize the maximum of the inverse Fourier transform of H(f) * (1 - H(f))^*.

But the inverse Fourier transform is a complex integral, which is difficult to handle directly. However, since we are dealing with real functions, maybe we can find a real-valued H(f) that makes the product H(f) * (1 - H(f))^* have a low peak.

Alternatively, since h is a real function, H(f) is conjugate symmetric. Therefore, H(f) * (1 - H(f))^* = |H(f)|^2 * (1 - 2 Re(H(f)) + |H(f)|^2) ??? Wait, perhaps I need to re-express this.

Wait, for real functions, the Fourier transform H(f) is conjugate symmetric. So, (1 - h(x)) has Fourier transform (1 - H(f)) which is also conjugate symmetric. The cross-correlation in time domain is the inverse Fourier transform of H(f) * (1 - H(f))^*. Since H(f) is conjugate symmetric, H(f)^* = H(-f). So, the product becomes H(f) * (1 - H(f))^* = H(f) * [1 - H(-f)]. But for real functions, this might be complex. However, the cross-correlation is real, so the inverse Fourier transform is real.

This seems complicated. Maybe instead of trying to optimize in the frequency domain, I can approximate the problem with a certain structure. For example, using a function h that is periodic with a certain period. For example, a function that is 1 for a certain length and 0 otherwise, but arranged in a way that the overlaps are minimized.

But how to choose such a function? Maybe using a sawtooth wave or a square wave. However, the problem requires h to be a step function (discrete with 0s and 1s?), but the initial code uses a continuous step function, as per the discretized samples.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal solution is a 5-point pattern, but that might not be feasible. However, given the problem's history, maybe there's a known pattern.

Another idea: since the integral is over [0, 2], maybe the function h should be designed to have a certain periodicity that matches the interval. For example, dividing the interval into intervals where h is 1 for a certain length and 0 otherwise, but arranged in such a way that when shifted, the overlapping regions are minimized.

But how to determine this? Let's think about the maximum overlap. To minimize the maximum overlap, h should be such that when shifted by k, the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) is minimized.

This resembles a problem where you want to minimize the maximum of h * (1 - h shifted). This might be similar to a covering problem or a scheduling problem.

Alternatively, thinking in terms of the overlap between h and its shifted version. To minimize this, h should perhaps have a certain spacing between its peaks. For example, if h is 1 in a region and 0 elsewhere, then shifting it by a certain amount would make it overlap with itself less.

But again, this is vague. Let's think of a concrete example. Suppose h is a function that is 1 on the first half of [0, 2] and 0 elsewhere. Then, shifting by k=1 would give an overlap of 0.5 * 0.5 = 0.25. Wait, but the integral would be the area where both h(x) and (1 - h(x+k)) are 1. Wait, the overlap integral is the integral of h(x) multiplied by (1 - h(x + k)). So, for k=1, if h(x) is 1 on [0,1], then 1 - h(x+1) is 1 on [0,1] shifted by -1, so x+1 in [0,1] implies x in [-1, 0]. Since x is in [0,2], the overlap is x in [0,0], which is zero. So the integral would be zero. But for other shifts, it would depend. For example, for k=0.5, the overlap would be when x is in [0, 0.5] (since h(x) is 1 and h(x+0.5) is 1 for x in [0,0.5]. So 1 - h(x+0.5) is 0, making the integral zero. Wait, perhaps this is not the right example.

Alternatively, if h is designed to have a certain width. Maybe using a triangular wave or some other shape. But this is not clear.

Returning to the previous approach, perhaps the key is to optimize the function more efficiently. The previous code used a random perturbation approach with SLSQP, which might be able to find better solutions if the initial guesses are better.

Wait, the user's previous code starts with initial_h_values (if available), which might be a good starting point. So, using that as the initial guess is better. So perhaps using a different optimization method or adjusting the parameters of the optimization could help.

Another thought: the previous code used a while loop that runs for the entire budget, making perturbations and optimizing. Maybe this is not efficient. Instead, using a more structured approach where we perform multiple optimizations from a better initial guess.

Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm. For example, using the COBYLA method which handles bounds and constraints, or the L-BFGS-B method. However, these are all optimization methods that need to be tested.

But how to choose the best one? Let me think about the objective function. The objective is to minimize the maximum cross-correlation. The cross-correlation is a non-smooth function, so the gradient might not be well-defined. However, SLSQP can handle it if the function is smooth. But the maximum is a pointwise maximum of a smooth function, which is itself smooth except at certain points.

Alternatively, the gradient of the maximum could be approximated, but it's not straightforward. This is a challenge for gradient-based methods.

Maybe using a different representation. For example, instead of directly minimizing the maximum, perhaps we can use a penalty function approach. However, that might complicate things.

Another idea: instead of using the maximum of the cross-correlation as the objective, approximate it with a smoothed maximum. For example, using the exponential function or other smooth approximations. But this might not be necessary if using a global optimizer.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation and keep track of the maximum. The previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives all lags. The maximum of that is the C5 value. So each evaluation of the objective function is O(n^2) time, which could be slow for large n_points. However, with 70 points, it's manageable.

Another potential improvement is to use a different initial guess. For example, starting with a function that has a certain pattern, such as alternating 1s and 0s, or a more complex pattern that ensures minimal overlap.

Alternatively, the initial guess could be derived from known optimal solutions. For instance, if there's a known construction that achieves a certain C5 value, we can start from that.

But since the user hasn't provided such information, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code by making it more efficient and using better optimization techniques.

Let me think about the parameters in the code. The previous code uses a sigma that decreases over time, which helps in perturbing the initial guess. However, maybe adjusting the parameters like the learning rate or the number of iterations could help converge faster.

Moreover, the code uses a while loop that runs until the budget is exhausted. Maybe adding more iterations or changing the cooling schedule could help. But given time constraints, it's important to find a balance.

Another idea: instead of doing random perturbations, use a gradient-based method with small steps. But since the objective is non-convex, this might require multiple restarts.

Alternatively, using a combination of random restarts and local optimization. However, this would take more time.

Let me also think about the evaluation of the cross-correlation. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives all lags. The maximum of those is the C5 value. However, for efficiency, perhaps precomputing all the lags and storing them could help, but it's already done.

Another observation: the maximum overlap occurs for certain lag values. For example, the overlap could be maximized when the shift is such that the function h overlaps with itself as much as possible. To minimize this, the function h must be designed to avoid such overlaps.

So, perhaps the optimal h has a certain "spread" or is spread out across the interval [0,2], so that shifting it by any amount does not cause significant overlap.

But again, this is abstract. Let me think of a possible construction. For example, dividing the interval into 5 equal parts, and assigning h(x) to be 1 in certain parts and 0 in others. But this is just an example.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 1/5, but spaced in a way that when shifted, they don't overlap. However, this requires careful design.

But given that the exact construction is not known, perhaps sticking to the Fourier-based idea is better.

Let me now try to implement the Fourier-based approach. Here's an outline:

1. Generate an initial guess for h, possibly based on the initial_h_values.
2. Compute the Fourier transform of h and 1 - h.
3. Compute the product H(f) * (1 - H(f))^*.
4. Take the inverse Fourier transform to get the cross-correlation.
5. Find the maximum of this cross-correlation.
6. Optimize h to minimize this maximum.

However, the problem is that the Fourier transform introduces complex numbers, and the inverse transform may not be straightforward. Also, the objective function is the inverse Fourier transform, which is a real function. So, perhaps the maximum value can be approximated by evaluating the inverse transform.

But in practice, how can this be implemented numerically? It might be too computationally expensive to compute the Fourier transforms for each optimization iteration. However, for a fixed number of points (like 70), this might be manageable.

Alternatively, use the fact that the cross-correlation is the same as the convolution in the time domain. So, perhaps using convolution theorem to compute it.

Alternatively, focus on optimizing h in the time domain with the constraints and use a gradient-based optimizer. The previous code already does this, but perhaps by improving the optimization technique, we can achieve better results.

So, perhaps the way to go is to refine the previous approach by making the optimization more robust and exploring the parameter space more effectively.

Let me think about the code again. The previous code uses a while loop with a decreasing sigma for perturbation. Maybe that's not optimal. Perhaps using a different strategy for generating perturbations, such as using a directional search, or using a simplex method for local optimization.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, starting with a function that is more evenly spread out than the initial_h_values. For instance, using a function that has 0.5 average and is structured in a way that avoids peaks.

But without knowing the structure, this is hard.

Another idea: the function h must integrate to 0.5 over [0,2]. So, perhaps starting with a function that is 1 for half the interval and 0 for the other half. But this might lead to high overlap for certain shifts. For example, shifting by 1 would give overlap of 0.5 * 0.5 = 0.25, but other shifts may have higher values.

Alternatively, perhaps using a triangular function or a trapezoidal shape.

But again, without knowing the appropriate shape, it's challenging.

Let me think of the code structure. The previous code uses a loop that performs multiple perturbations and optimizations. Perhaps this is not efficient enough. Maybe using a single optimization run with a better starting point and a more refined optimization.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which is better at exploring the parameter space. However, implementing Bayesian optimization might be complex given the time constraints.

Another thing to note: the previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Perhaps adjusting the options for this method could help. For example, increasing the maximum number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance settings.

Alternatively, using a different method, such as the trust-constr method, which might handle the constraints better.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=70). Perhaps trying with a different number of points, like 100, might lead to better results. However, the budget is 1100 seconds, and with 100 points, the number of samples is larger. But since the user prefers less than 1k samples, 100 is acceptable. However, the previous code used 70. Let me check the time spent per iteration. With more points, each evaluation is more time-consuming, which could use up the budget more quickly. So, maybe 70 is better for the budget.

In conclusion, perhaps the best way to improve the previous code is to:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Use a more efficient optimization method, like the trust-constr method or a different solver.
3. Adjust the optimization parameters (e.g., larger maxiter, smaller ftol) to allow for better convergence.
4. Use a better perturbation strategy, perhaps not decreasing the sigma too quickly.

But how to implement this?

Let me try to adjust the code accordingly. For instance, instead of random perturbations, use a more targeted approach. Alternatively, use a different optimizer.

Wait, the user's previous code uses SLSQP with method='SLSQP', which might be suitable. Let me think about the code structure again.

Another thing to consider is the constraint handling. The previous code normalizes the perturbed h to maintain the sum constraint. This is essential. But during the optimization, the equality constraint is enforced via the 'eq' constraint in the minimize function.

Another possible improvement: using a better initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values may already be a good candidate, so focusing on optimizing from that point.

But without knowing what initial_h_values is, I can't say. However, the user says to use initial_h_values if available.

So, the plan is to use the initial_h_values as the starting point and optimize from there.

Let me think about the code. The user's previous code uses:

- A random perturbation approach.
- A while loop that runs until the budget is exhausted.
- In each iteration, it generates a new h_perturbed by adding noise to the current initial_h and normalizing.

But this might be inefficient. Perhaps doing a single optimization from the initial_h_values and using a more robust solver would be better.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimizer with more iterations.

So, modifying the code to use a single optimization from the initial_h_values, perhaps with more iterations and tighter tolerances.

But the previous code uses a loop with multiple perturbations. Maybe that's leading to overfitting or not finding the optimal.

Alternatively, using a better optimizer method. For example, using the COBYLA method which handles bounds and constraints, or the trust-constr method.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a method that can handle both bounds and equality constraints. Perhaps adjusting the parameters of the optimization.

In the code, the options are set to {'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-8}.

Perhaps increasing the maxiter could help, but the budget is tight. Also, with each iteration in the while loop, the optimizer is called.

Alternatively, using a single optimization call with more iterations. But the while loop in the previous code might be a way to explore the parameter space more thoroughly.

But in this case, the user wants to improve upon the previous result of 0.380919. So, how to get closer to 0.38085?

Let me think about the previous code's approach. It starts with initial_h and then perturbs it, runs SLSQP, and updates the initial_h. This is like doing a stochastic local search. However, it might be that the initial_h is not good enough and the random perturbations help.

But maybe using a more directed approach, such as using the initial guess and optimizing it with a more refined method.

Thus, in the code, perhaps eliminate the while loop and use a single optimization from the initial_h_values, with a larger number of iterations and better settings.

But how to handle the time budget?

Alternatively, using a combination of multiple restarts with different initializations. For example, generating a few different initial guesses based on the initial_h_values and optimizing them, then selecting the best one.

However, this would require more time.

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is symmetric, the maximum C5 value is the same as the maximum overlap for any shift. Therefore, we can focus on optimizing for a subset of shifts, but this might not be helpful.

In the end, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code by using a better optimizer and adjusting the parameters. For example, using the trust-constr method, which might handle the constraints more effectively, or using a more efficient solver like SLSQP with more iterations.

Let me try to adjust the code accordingly. Replace the random perturbations with starting from the initial_h_values and performing optimization with tighter tolerances and more iterations.

Here's a plan for the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Use a single optimization call with SLSQP or another method, with a larger number of iterations and tighter tolerances.
3. During the optimization, ensure that the constraint is enforced.
4. Evaluate the result and return the best h found.

But this might not be sufficient as the initial guess might be a local minimum. Hence, perhaps generating multiple initial guesses and optimizing them.

But with the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, the previous code uses multiple perturbations and optimizations. Maybe changing the perturbation strategy. For example, using a small sigma, but not decreasing it rapidly.

But the previous code's sigma decreases linearly. Perhaps a different schedule, like an exponential decrease, could be better.

In any case, given the time, I'll proceed to adapt the existing code, making adjustments to the optimizer and parameters, while improving the code's efficiency.

Thus, the final code will:

- Start with initial_h_values.
- Perform a number of optimization steps, possibly with different initial guesses.
- Use a more robust optimizer with better settings.
- Return the best solution found within the budget.

Perhaps the key is to increase the number of iterations in the SLSQP optimization and adjust the tolerance parameters to make it more precise.

Thus, the updated code would include:

- Using a larger maxiter in the minimize function.
- Setting tighter ftol and eps.
- Possibly using a different optimizer, like trust-constr.

But given that the previous code uses SLSQP, perhaps changing the method to trust-constr could be better.

Alternatively, here's an adjusted version of the previous code, with more aggressive optimization and better parameter settings.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 100
    ones_count = n_points // 2
    if 'initial_h_values' in globals():
        initial_h = initial_h_values.copy()
    else:
        initial_h = np.full(n_points, 0.5)
    
    def objective(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * (2.0 / n_points)
    
    def constraint_sum(h):
        return np.sum(h) - ones_count
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0)] * n_points
    best_h = initial_h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(initial_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s:
        h_perturbed = initial_h + np.random.normal(0, 0.02, n_points)
        h_perturbed = np.clip(h_perturbed, 0.0, 1.0)
        h_perturbed = h_perturbed * (ones_count / np.sum(h_perturbed))
        
        result = minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=h_perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum},
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
            initial_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```