<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral. The current best known is around 0.38085, and we need to find a better bound.

First, I need to understand the problem setup. We have to find a step function h over [0, 2] that satisfies the integral constraint and minimizes the maximum overlap. The overlap integral is calculated by cross-correlating h with (1-h) and finding the maximum value, then scaling by dx.

The previous approach used SLSQP optimization with perturbations, but it might be getting stuck in local minima. So, maybe I should try a different method.

The user's strategy mentions pattern search and adaptive windowing. That makes sense. Let's think about how to implement that. Maybe start with an initial guess, then systematically perturb certain regions, especially those with high overlap, and refine.

Another thought: the problem is non-convex, so gradient descent might not work well. Maybe using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing could help, but those are computationally expensive. However, with the time budget of 1100 seconds, perhaps a combination of local optimization and global search steps would be better.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. To avoid getting stuck, maybe we need to generate multiple initial guesses and then refine them. Alternatively, use a more exploratory method.

Alternatively, maybe use a coarse-to-fine approach. Start with a coarse grid, find a good solution, then refine it with a finer grid. But the user mentioned that smaller sequences (less than 1k samples) are preferred. The previous code uses n_points=70, which is manageable.

Another idea: the overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts k. So the problem is to find h such that when you shift it by any k, the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k))dx is minimized. So, the worst-case shift is what's important. To minimize this maximum, perhaps the function h should be designed to be as "spread out" as possible, avoiding overlaps with its shifted versions.

This resembles a scheduling problem where you want to place intervals so that they don't overlap too much when shifted. Maybe using a periodic or symmetric pattern could help. For example, dividing the interval into blocks and setting h to 1 or 0 in a way that the function has a certain structure.

Wait, the initial_h_values are provided, which are 70 samples. Maybe we can use that as a starting point. The previous code starts with a uniform distribution, but maybe the initial_h_values are better. So the first step is to use that.

The main challenge is to find a way to explore the solution space effectively. Maybe a better approach is to use a particle swarm optimization (PSO) or a similar metaheuristic. However, implementing PSO might be complex. Alternatively, use a Bayesian optimization approach, but that requires more setup.

Alternatively, since the problem has constraints (sum of h is fixed), perhaps using a method that enforces the constraints more rigorously. The previous code uses SLSQP with equality constraints, which is good. Maybe adding more constraints or adjusting the optimization parameters could help.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the initial guess and then optimizing, perhaps divide the interval into regions where h is 0 or 1 (since it's a step function), and find the optimal positions and widths of these regions. However, this is combinatorial and might not scale well for n_points=70.

Wait, the problem allows for h to be any step function, not necessarily just binary. So, maybe we can model h as a set of pulses with varying heights. However, that might complicate things.

Alternatively, use a greedy approach: start with the initial_h_values and iteratively adjust regions that contribute most to the overlap. For example, find the shift k that gives the highest overlap, then adjust h in the regions where that overlap occurs.

Let me think about how to compute the overlap. For a given h, the overlap integral for a shift k is ∫h(x)(1-h(x+k))dx. This is equivalent to the integral over x where h(x) is 1 and h(x+k) is 0, and the same for h(x) and h(x+k) being 1. Wait, no, it's h(x)*(1 - h(x+k)). So it's the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k ) is 0. The maximum over all k is the worst-case overlap.

So, the idea is to minimize the maximum of these areas. To do this, perhaps we need h to have regions where it's 1, but those regions are spaced out such that shifting them doesn't overlap too much.

This is similar to the problem of placing intervals to minimize overlap when shifted. The optimal solution for this kind of problem is often non-trivial. For example, in the case of periodic functions, arranging h as a periodic pattern with certain spacing.

But since the function is over a finite interval [0, 2], the shifts wrap around. However, the cross-correlation is computed over the full mode, which for a function over [0,2], the shift k would result in overlapping regions that may go beyond [0,2], but the integral is computed over the overlapping parts.

Alternatively, maybe the solution can be constructed by dividing the interval [0, 2] into segments where h is 1 or 0 in a way that the overlapping areas are minimized when shifted. For example, using a regular pattern with certain spacing.

But how to find that? Maybe the optimal solution for low C₅ is a function that is 1 for a fraction of the interval and 0 for the rest, arranged periodically. However, since the integral is fixed, we need to balance the number of points where h is 1 and 0.

For instance, if we have h as a sequence of 1s and 0s, arranged periodically, then shifting by different amounts would result in varying overlaps. The maximum overlap would depend on the spacing between the 1s.

But this is a very simplified case. The current problem allows for h to be a step function with any values between 0 and 1, not just binary. So, maybe a better approach is to use a combination of regions with varying heights to reduce the maximum overlap.

Another idea is to use a sliding window approach. For example, create a function that has high values in certain regions and low in others, such that when you shift, the overlap is minimized.

But how to translate this into an algorithm?

Perhaps the key is to use a combination of pattern search and local optimization, starting from the initial_h_values, and iteratively improving the solution.

The previous code uses a loop with perturbations and SLSQP. Maybe the issue is that the perturbations are too small or not effectively exploring the space. So, increasing the number of perturbations or varying the perturbation strategy might help.

Alternatively, instead of using a random perturbation, we can look at the current overlap peaks and adjust the regions contributing to those peaks.

For example, after computing the overlap integral, identify the shift k with the maximum value. Then, in the regions of h that contribute most to this overlap, adjust the function values to reduce that overlap.

But how to compute which regions contribute to the maximum overlap? That might be complex, but we can approximate it. For example, if the overlap is maxed at shift k, then the regions where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0 contribute to this overlap. So, to reduce this overlap, we might want to reduce h(x) where x +k is in regions where h is 0, or increase h(x +k) where x is in regions where h is 1.

But this requires knowing which parts of the function are overlapping. Maybe we can use gradient-based methods to adjust h in those regions.

Alternatively, during the optimization, after computing the current C₅, focus the perturbations on the regions that are most responsible for the overlap.

But integrating this into the optimization loop is tricky. However, given the time constraints, maybe a more effective approach is to increase the number of iterations or vary the perturbation strategy.

Another possible improvement is to use multiple initial guesses. For example, generate several different initial configurations and optimize each, then choose the best one. This could avoid getting stuck in local optima.

Alternatively, use a more sophisticated optimizer than SLSQP. For example, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds more effectively, or the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, though it might be slower.

But the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the parameters (like ftol or eps) could help.

Alternatively, use a hybrid approach: first use a global search method to find a good initial guess, then use a local optimizer to refine it.

But how to implement a global search without increasing runtime too much? Maybe using a random search with a limited number of samples.

Another idea: instead of using the same initial guess, generate multiple initial guesses by varying the positions and heights of the pulses. For example, if the initial_h_values is a certain pattern, create variations where some parts are higher or lower, ensuring the integral constraint is maintained.

But generating these variations algorithmically could be done using jittering or other methods.

Putting this together, perhaps the code should:

1. Start with the initial_h_values if available.

2. Generate several perturbations of this initial guess, varying different regions.

3. For each perturbation, perform a local optimization using SLSQP.

4. Track the best solution found so far.

5. Additionally, perform a more global exploration by varying the structure of h, not just perturbations.

But with the given time budget, the code needs to be efficient.

Alternatively, reduce the number of points. The previous code uses 70 points. Maybe using a lower n_points, like 50 or 60, could allow for more iterations and better exploration.

Wait, the problem statement mentions that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So using n_points=70 is acceptable.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (10) and a loop that breaks if time is up. Maybe increasing the number of iterations and using a different perturbation strategy could yield better results.

For example, in each iteration, perturb the current best solution more aggressively, then refocus on areas with high overlap.

Alternatively, use a combination of different optimization methods in different stages.

But perhaps the key is to use a better initial guess. The initial_h_values may already be a good starting point. So, the code should start with that.

Wait, the initial_h_values is the pre-imported variable, and the previous code uses it. So maybe the current code's initial guess is not the best. Perhaps generating a better initial guess could help.

But how to generate a better initial guess? Maybe using a pattern that is known to be good for the problem. For example, a symmetric pattern with certain spacing.

But without prior knowledge of the optimal pattern, this is difficult. So, using the existing initial_h_values as the starting point seems reasonable.

Another thing to consider is the choice of optimization algorithm. SLSQP is a local optimizer. What if we combine it with a global optimization step, like simulated annealing, but with a limited number of steps?

Alternatively, use a heuristic to adjust the function. For instance, in each iteration, find the shift k with maximum overlap, then adjust the function to reduce that overlap.

This is similar to a greedy approach. For example:

1. Compute all overlap values for the current h.

2. Find the k with the maximum overlap.

3. For that k, identify the regions where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0 (which contributes to the overlap).

4. Adjust those regions in h to reduce the overlap. For example, lower the values where h(x) is 1 and raise values where h(x +k) is 0.

But this is a local adjustment and may not be straightforward to implement.

Another idea: the overlap integral for shift k is the area where h(x)=1 and h(x +k)=0. To minimize this, we can consider that for each k, these regions should be as small as possible. So, the function h should avoid being 1 in regions that, when shifted by any k, overlap with regions where h is 0.

This is similar to a covering problem. Perhaps the optimal h has regions where it is 1, spaced out in a way that shifting them doesn't cause overlap.

However, in practice, designing such a function is non-trivial.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code by making it more efficient and exploring more thoroughly.

Possible improvements to the existing code:

- Increase the number of iterations (the previous code does 10).

- Use a more aggressive perturbation strategy, maybe varying the perturbation size over time.

- Use a combination of different optimization methods.

- Add more constraints or constraints on the function's structure.

Alternatively, use a different initial guess. For example, creating a function with a certain number of pulses. For instance, splitting the interval into multiple regions and setting h to 1 in some of them.

For example, if n_points=70, and the integral is 35 (since sum(h) * dx = 1, so sum(h) = 70/2 = 35). So, if we arrange the function to have 35 ones and 35 zeros in a specific pattern.

A simple pattern could be alternating 1 and 0, but this might not be optimal. For example, a pattern like 1,0,1,0,... would lead to overlaps when shifted by 1, which might not be good.

Another pattern is to divide the interval into segments of length t, where the function is 1 for a fraction of the time, and 0 otherwise. For example, using a sinusoidal function, but since h must be a step function, that's not directly applicable.

Alternatively, create a regular pattern with certain spacing. For example, placing the 1s每隔一定距离. Like placing a 1, then zeros for a certain number of points, then another 1, etc.

But how to determine the optimal spacing?

Alternatively, create a function that is 1 for the first half of the interval and 0 for the second. But this would lead to high overlap when shifted by certain amounts.

This suggests that the optimal pattern is more complex. However, without prior knowledge, it's hard to determine.

Another approach: the current code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Perhaps using a more robust optimization method, or adjusting the parameters, could help.

For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which is derivative-free and can handle non-convex problems. Or, using a different method like COBYLA which supports bounds.

But given that the previous code uses SLSQP, maybe it's better to stick with it and try to improve the perturbation strategy.

In the previous code, the perturbation is random noise with a mean of 0 and standard deviation of 0.05. Maybe varying the perturbation size or applying it differently could help. For example, applying larger perturbations in early iterations and smaller ones later.

Another idea: instead of perturbing all points, focus on certain regions. For example, after finding the maximum overlap, adjust the function in the regions contributing to that overlap.

But integrating this into the code would require identifying which regions are responsible for the maximum overlap, which may be complex.

Alternatively, during the optimization, compute the overlap for each possible k, then adjust the function to reduce the maximum. But this is a high-level approach that would need more implementation details.

Given the time, perhaps the best way is to refine the existing code by increasing the number of iterations, using a different perturbation method, and possibly incorporating a more thorough exploration.

So, modifying the previous code:

- Increase the number of iterations (say, 20 instead of 10).

- Increase the perturbation size in early iterations and decrease it over time.

- Use a more robust optimizer, such as COBYLA, which might handle the constraints better.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a constrained optimizer. COBYLA is another constrained optimizer. Maybe COBYLA is better for this problem.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed perturbation for each iteration. Maybe using a different initial guess each time, such as varying the number of points where h is 1.

But how to generate such variations algorithmically.

Alternatively, for each iteration, randomly select a subset of the points and adjust their values while maintaining the sum constraint.

Another possible improvement is to use a more aggressive local search after each perturbation.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the following adjustments can be made to the code:

1. Use a higher number of iterations.

2. Use a different optimizer, like COBYLA.

3. Increase the perturbation size initially and decrease it over time.

4. Use the initial_h_values as a better starting point.

Here's a plan for the code:

- Start with the initial_h_values.

- For a fixed number of iterations (say, 20), perform the following:

   a. Generate a perturbed version of the current best h, with larger initial perturbations, then smaller ones.

   b. Perform a local optimization using COBYLA (or another method) to minimize the C₅ value.

   c. Track the best solution found.

- Additionally, consider using different optimization methods for different stages.

Another thing to note is that the current code uses a fixed perturbation step (0.05), but this may not be optimal. Maybe decreasing the perturbation size over time will allow for finer adjustments.

Now, translating this into code.

The code will have:

- A loop that runs for a certain number of iterations.

- Generates perturbations based on the current solution.

- Uses a local optimizer to refine the solution.

- Updates the best solution if the new one is better.

To implement this, the code would need to:

- Use the initial_h_values if available.

- For each iteration, generate a new perturbed h.

- Use a local optimizer (like COBYLA or SLSQP) to find a better solution.

- Track the best h and best C₅.

Now, implementing this with the given constraints (about 300 lines and 12k characters).

But the previous code uses SLSQP. Let's see if changing the optimizer helps.

Also, the code needs to respect the time budget. So, the code must run within 1100 seconds.

Another possible optimization is to reduce the number of points. For example, if the current code uses 70 points, maybe reducing it to 50 or 60 points allows for more iterations, which could lead to better results.

Wait, but the problem says to prefer smaller sequences. So using 50 points might be better.

But the initial_h_values is for n_points=70. So, perhaps the code should use the same number of points.

Alternatively, maybe experimenting with different n_points.

But given the problem's instruction that the initial code uses n_points=70, it's better to stick with that unless there's a clear benefit.

Another consideration is the way the perturbation is applied. In the previous code, the perturbation is added to the initial_h, then clipped and normalized to maintain the sum constraint.

But perhaps a better way is to generate a perturbed h that maintains the sum constraint automatically.

For example, in the perturbation step, generate a random change in some points and adjust others to keep the sum fixed.

But that's more complex.

Alternatively, after adding the perturbation, rescale the values to ensure the sum is correct.

The previous code does this:

h_perturbed = initial_h + perturbation

h_perturbed = np.clip(...)

h_perturbed = h_perturbed * (ones_count / np.sum(h_perturbed))

So, it's clipping, then rescaling.

This ensures that the sum is maintained.

Another idea: the perturbation can be applied in a way that focuses on certain regions. For example, in the first iteration, perturb the regions that are most responsible for the current maximum overlap.

But again, this requires identifying those regions.

Alternatively, vary the perturbation step size. For example, in the first few iterations, use larger perturbations, then smaller ones as the solution improves.

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (10). Maybe increasing this to 20 or 30 could lead to better results, as long as the time budget allows.

But the time budget is 1100 seconds. If the code is already running for 1100 seconds, increasing the number of iterations may not be possible. However, since the code is checking for time in each iteration, it can exit early.

Another thing to consider is that the current code uses the same optimization method (SLSQP) for each perturbation. Maybe trying different optimizers or using multiple optimizers in sequence could help.

For example, in the first phase, use a global search method, and in the second, use a local optimizer. But without knowing the exact methods, this is challenging.

Alternatively, use the SLSQP optimizer with tighter tolerances, allowing it to iterate more times.

In the previous code, the options are {'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8}. Maybe reducing the 'ftol' or 'eps' could allow for more precise optimization.

But given the time constraints, reducing the maxiter could help.

Putting this all together, here's a plan for the new code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

- For a number of iterations (say, 20), generate perturbed versions of the current best h.

- Each perturbation involves adding random noise, clipping to [0, 1], rescaling to maintain the sum constraint.

- For each perturbed h, perform an SLSQP optimization to minimize the objective function.

- Track the best solution found.

- Use a more refined perturbation strategy, such as decreasing the noise standard deviation over time.

- Use a different optimizer if needed.

Now, implementing this in code.

Another thing: the objective function is the max of the cross-correlation. To calculate this, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full'. For a given h, this gives the cross-correlation values, and the maximum is taken after multiplying by dx.

Now, considering that the previous code has an error in the way the cross-correlation is computed. Wait, the code does:

corr = np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full')

return np.max(corr) * (2.0 / n_points)

But the dx is 2.0 / n_points. So, the code correctly scales the result.

Now, the code as is should compute the correct C₅ value.

So, the main improvements would be in the optimization process.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the entire h in each iteration, focus on the regions where the overlap is highest. For example, after computing the current overlap maxima, adjust those regions.

But how to find which regions contribute to the maximum overlap.

For example, for the shift k that gives the maximum overlap, the integral is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. To find the regions where this integral is maximized, we can look for x where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0.

However, since x +k can be outside of [0, 2], we need to account for that in the cross-correlation.

But in practice, the cross-correlation already accounts for the overlapping regions.

So, to find the regions that contribute to the maximum overlap, for the winning shift k, we can look at the values of h(x) and h(x +k) for each x. But since the cross-correlation returns the sum over overlapping points, it's not straightforward to identify the exact regions.

Alternatively, during the optimization, for each generated h, evaluate the overlap for all k and find the maximum. This is already done in the code.

Thus, the code is correct in that aspect.

In conclusion, the key improvements are:

- Increase the number of iterations.

- Use a different perturbation strategy.

- possibly use a different optimizer.

Thus, modifying the existing code to include these changes.

The code now would look like this:

The previous code had 10 iterations, which may not be enough. Maybe increasing to 20.

Additionally, the perturbation could be adjusted so that the initial steps have larger noise, leading to more exploration.

In the code, the perturbation is added with a standard deviation of 0.05. Maybe starting with a larger perturbation (e.g., 0.1), then decreasing it over time.

Another thing is the rescaling. After adding the perturbation and clipping, the code scales to maintain the sum. This ensures that the constraint is satisfied.

Thus, the code already handles the constraint.

Now, implementing this:

The code in the new version would have more iterations and possibly different perturbation parameters.

Another possible change is to use a different optimizer, like COBYLA, which might handle the constraints better.

So, let's adjust the code to use COBYLA and increase the number of iterations.

But need to ensure that the code does not exceed the time budget.

Putting all this together, here's the revised code:
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 70
    ones_count = n_points // 2
    initial_h = initial_h_values.copy() if 'initial_h_values' in globals() else np.full(n_points, 0.5)
    
    def objective(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * (2.0 / n_points)
    
    def constraint_sum(h):
        return np.sum(h) - ones_count
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0)] * n_points
    best_h = initial_h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(initial_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    for _ in range(40):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s:
            break
        perturbation = np.random.normal(0, 0.1 if _ < 5 else 0.05, n_points)
        h_perturbed = initial_h + perturbation
        h_perturbed = np.clip(h_perturbed, 0.0, 1.0)
        h_perturbed = h_perturbed * (ones_count / np.sum(h_perturbed))
        
        result = minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=h_perturbed,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum},
            options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'disp': False}
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
            initial_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```