<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find a better upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by optimizing a step function h. The previous approach used a random perturbation and SLSQP optimization, but maybe I can do better with a different method.

First, I need to understand the current setup. The problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral, which is computed as the max over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is a step function on [0,2] with integral 1. The previous code uses 70 points and a random search with SLSQP. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than that.

The user's strategy mentioned using Fourier methods. That's a good direction. The cross-correlation theorem says that the cross-correlation of h and 1-h in the time domain corresponds to the product of their Fourier transforms in the frequency domain. So maybe by designing h to have a flat spectrum, the cross-correlation would have lower peaks. 

How can I exploit that? Let me think. If I can design h such that its Fourier transform has low variance, then the product with the conjugate of 1-h's Fourier transform would have a smaller maximum. That might lead to lower maximum overlap. 

But how do I translate that into a numerical optimization problem? Maybe I need to compute the Fourier transform of h and 1-h, multiply them, take the inverse, and find the maximum. Then, minimize that maximum. But how to incorporate this into the optimization process?

Alternatively, maybe I can use a gradient-based method where the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. The previous code used SLSQP, but maybe using a different optimizer would help. Also, the initial approach used random perturbations. Perhaps using a more systematic approach, like using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing, could find better solutions. However, those methods might be too slow for the given budget.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed number of points (70) and a certain number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of points could help, but the user wants less than 1k samples. Let's check the constraints. The user says "smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred". So maybe sticking with n=70 is better, but maybe trying n=100 or n=120 could be better. But with 70 points, the previous code achieved a C5 of 0.380919. The target is 0.380876. So maybe the current approach isn't sufficient.

Another idea: the initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point. The previous code uses it, but perhaps there's a way to refine that. Maybe using a spectral method to adjust the initial guess.

Let me outline steps:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Use a gradient-based optimizer, but with a different objective function that incorporates Fourier analysis.
3. Perhaps use an alternating optimization approach: optimize h in the time domain while considering the frequency domain properties.
4. Use a more efficient optimization method, like L-BFGS-B or another method that can handle constraints better.

But how to model the Fourier-based objective? The cross-correlation's maximum is the main objective. So the previous approach directly computes that. Maybe if I can find a way to approximate the maximum cross-correlation using the Fourier transform. However, that might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, maybe the key is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation. The current code computes this maximum directly. So perhaps using a more effective optimization method could get better results.

Another angle: the problem is a constrained optimization. The previous code uses SLSQP with a constraint on the sum of h. But maybe using a different method, like sequential quadratic programming or another local optimizer, could converge to a better solution.

Wait, the initial code uses a loop where it perturbs the initial guess with Gaussian noise and then optimizes. Maybe instead of using random perturbations, we can use a more systematic search, like going through a grid of possible parameters or using Bayesian optimization. But those are more complex.

Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) or a genetic algorithm might be better for exploring the solution space. However, those methods might be slower. But with the time budget, they might not be feasible.

Another thought: the constraint sum(h) = n_points / 2 is a fixed sum. So, the problem is to find h in [0,1]^n with that sum, such that the maximum cross-correlation is minimized.

The previous approach uses a fixed number of points (70), but perhaps varying the number of points could help. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe 70 is a good balance.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. It uses a loop where in each iteration, it adds a Gaussian perturbation, then optimizes. The sigma decreases over time. Maybe the random perturbations are leading to local minima. What if I use a different starting point, such as a more optimal initial guess based on some heuristic?

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values are a good starting point, but the optimization needs to be more thorough. Let's see.

In the current code, the initial guess is from initial_h_values (if available), otherwise filled with 0.5. Maybe the initial_h_values is already a good candidate, so we can start from there and optimize more thoroughly.

Another idea: the cross-correlation in the code is computed with mode 'full' which gives the full cross-correlation. The maximum of this is the maximum overlap integral. So the code is correctly approximating the integral.

So, how to improve the optimization? Maybe using a better optimizer. For example, the SLSQP method might not be the most effective. Alternatively, maybe using a different optimizer like COBYLA or another method that handles bounds and constraints.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. The current code evaluates the cross-correlation each time, which is O(n^2) for the correlation. Maybe with n=70, this is manageable. But perhaps there's a way to vectorize the computation or use more efficient numerical methods.

Wait, the code uses numpy.correlate, which is efficient. So that's probably not the bottleneck.

Another idea: since the problem has a certain symmetry, maybe designing h to have a certain structure, like a periodic pattern or specific intervals where h is 0 or 1. But the optimal h is not necessarily a step function, but the problem requires a step function (since the user uses samples and the function is piecewise constant).

Alternatively, considering that the optimal h might have a certain structure that can be represented with a few parameters, like a set of intervals. But this is vague.

Alternatively, using a regularization approach: maybe penalizing the variance of the Fourier transform of h. But how to translate that into the optimization problem?

Let me think of the Fourier approach again. The cross-correlation of h and (1-h) can be seen as the product of their Fourier transforms. The maximum of the inverse transform of this product is what we want to minimize. But how to model that?

Alternatively, if we can model the cross-correlation's maximum in terms of the Fourier coefficients, perhaps we can formulate an optimization problem in the frequency domain. However, this is non-trivial.

Perhaps a better approach is to use the fact that for the cross-correlation to be minimized, the function h should be as "spread out" as possible in the frequency domain. This relates to the concept of a "flat" spectrum. So, if h's Fourier transform is flat, then the cross-correlation product might have lower maximum values.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem? One approach could be to design h such that its Fourier transform is as low as possible in variance. That would require h to have a uniform distribution in the frequency domain.

But the problem is that the Fourier transform is sensitive to the time-domain structure. Maybe this can be approximated by making h have a certain structure. For example, a triangular wave or a sine wave pattern.

Alternatively, using a circulant matrix approach, but I'm not sure.

Another angle: using a gradient-based optimizer with the current objective function. The previous code uses SLSQP, but maybe using a different method would help. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method, which is suitable for bound-constrained problems. Also, the constraints are fixed sum and individual bounds.

Wait, the previous code's objective function computes the max of the cross-correlation. However, the cross-correlation is a vector, and the maximum is taken over all k. If the maximum is found, then that's the value of C5. The problem is that the max is a non-differentiable function, which might make optimization difficult. So maybe the previous approach is using a local optimizer that can find a good approximation.

Alternatively, perhaps the objective can be approximated by a differentiable function. For example, taking the maximum over k as a loss function and using a differentiable approximation, but that might complicate things.

Another idea: using a multi-start optimization approach, where multiple initial guesses are tried, and the best one is selected. This could avoid getting stuck in local minima. However, this would take more time.

Looking back at the previous code, the loop runs for a certain amount of time, with a decreasing sigma. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or varying the sigma differently could help. For example, starting with larger sigma to explore more of the space, then narrowing down.

Another thing: the current code uses a random perturbation each time. What if instead, we use a more structured perturbation, like swapping values or using a gradient-based perturbation? Or using a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm?

Alternatively, combining multiple optimization methods. For example, use a genetic algorithm to explore the space and then switch to a local optimizer once a good solution is found.

But with the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to improve the existing approach. So, perhaps using a more efficient optimizer, or adjusting the hyperparameters.

Let me think about the code again. The previous code uses SLSQP with a constraint on the sum. The optimization loop runs while time is left, each time perturbing the initial guess and optimizing. The sigma decreases over time. 

One possible improvement is to use a more aggressive optimizer. For example, using the BFGS method with constraints, but that might not handle bounds well. Alternatively, using a different constraint handling technique.

Another idea: using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values might not be the best starting point. Maybe generating a better initial guess using some heuristic, such as placing the 1s and 0s in a way that minimizes the cross-correlation. For example, placing the 1s in a pattern that spreads them out as much as possible.

Alternatively, using a Fourier-based noise to generate the initial guess. For instance, generating h with a certain frequency structure.

But how to do that? Maybe generating a sinusoidal pattern that satisfies the sum constraint. For example, h could be a rectangular wave or a sine wave. However, ensuring that the integral is 1 would require careful design.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as a base and then applying a Fourier transform to perturb it. But again, this is getting complex.

Another thought: since the cross-correlation is maximized when the overlap between h and (1-h) is largest, perhaps minimizing the maximum overlap requires h to be spread out so that (1-h) is not overlapping much with h at any shift. This is similar to the concept of binary sequences with low autocorrelation, like in the case of Barker codes. However, h is a continuous function, but perhaps a similar approach could be used.

If I consider the case where h is 1 on some intervals and 0 elsewhere, then the overlap integral would be the area of the intersection between h and (1-h) shifted by k. But since h is a step function, this might be similar to a binary sequence, but with possible overlaps.

So, perhaps a binary sequence with low autocorrelation could be a good starting point. For example, a de Bruijn sequence or similar. However, since we have to satisfy the integral constraint (sum h_i = n/2), maybe a balanced binary sequence.

For instance, with n=70, using a binary sequence with 35 ones and 35 zeros. The cross-correlation would be the number of overlapping ones and zeros. But adjusting this to find the optimal sequence could help.

But how to generate such a sequence? For example, using a genetic algorithm to evolve the binary sequence to minimize the maximum cross-correlation. However, this would be computationally intensive.

Alternatively, using a known sequence with low autocorrelation. But since the problem is about a continuous function, perhaps the binary approach is not directly applicable.

Another angle: since the problem is to minimize the maximum cross-correlation, perhaps it's helpful to consider the cross-correlation as a function of shift k. The maximum over k is the value we want to minimize. So, if we can find a h that makes this function as flat as possible, that would be ideal.

The previous code's approach is to find such a h through optimization, but maybe the optimization is not efficient enough. Perhaps using a more sophisticated optimizer, like a gradient descent with momentum or Adam, could help. However, the objective function's non-differentiability (due to the max function) complicates this.

Alternatively, using a differentiable proxy for the max. For example, replacing the max with a soft maximum, which is differentiable. Then, the optimization can proceed with gradient descent. But this would require modifying the objective function.

Let me outline how this could work. The current objective is the max of the cross-correlation values. Instead, compute the cross-correlation, then apply a soft maximum, which is the logarithm of the sum of exponentials. This would be differentiable and allow gradient-based optimization. However, the soft maximum is an approximation and might not yield the exact same result, but could be useful.

But how does the previous code handle this? It's using the actual max, which is non-differentiable. So, using a differentiable objective might be necessary for some optimizers.

Alternatively, using a stochastic optimization method, like simulated annealing, which doesn't rely on gradients. However, this might be too slow.

Another idea: instead of using the initial guess from initial_h_values, generate multiple initial guesses using a Fourier basis. For example, creating h as a linear combination of sinusoids that satisfies the sum constraint. This could be a way to generate diverse initial guesses.

But implementing this would require more code. Let's think: if I can generate h as a combination of sine waves, then adjust the coefficients to meet the sum constraint and minimize the cross-correlation. However, this might be complex.

Alternatively, using a simple Fourier basis. For example, set h as a sine function with certain frequencies. But ensuring the sum constraint would require adjusting the amplitude.

Given time constraints, perhaps the best way is to modify the existing code to use a better optimizer and/or adjust the parameters. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method with constraints, which can handle bounds and equality constraints more efficiently. Also, using a more aggressive perturbation.

Let me consider modifying the previous code to use L-BFGS-B instead of SLSQP. Also, increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the learning rate.

But the user mentioned that the previous approach's best was around 0.3809. To improve upon that, perhaps combining the existing approach with other heuristics.

Another thing: the current code uses a while loop with a time check, and in each iteration, adds a Gaussian perturbation and optimizes. Perhaps instead of doing this for each iteration, we could run the optimization from the initial guess and then use a different perturbation strategy. Alternatively, use a population-based optimization approach.

Alternatively, using a random restarts method, where multiple initial points are tried, and the best solution is kept. However, this would take more time.

Given that the user's current code uses 70 points, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876, perhaps there's a better approach.

Let me think about how the cross-correlation is computed. The length of the cross-correlation result for mode 'full' is 2n -1. For n=70, the result has 139 elements. The maximum of these is the C5 value. So, the larger the n, the more possible shifts k, which could lead to a more accurate estimation of the integral. However, given the budget, n=70 is manageable.

Another idea: mock up the Fourier approach by modifying the optimization to consider the spectral properties. For example, the cross-correlation's maximum is related to the maximum of the product of the Fourier transforms. So, if we can find h such that the maximum of the inverse Fourier transform of the product is minimized, that would be ideal.

But how to incorporate this into the optimization. One approach is to compute the Fourier transform of h and (1-h), multiply them, take the inverse, and then find the maximum. However, this is computationally expensive for each iteration and may not be feasible for the time budget.

Alternatively, approximate the maximum by looking at the peaks in the frequency domain. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, using a penalty function based on the Fourier coefficients. For example, penalizing high peaks in the Fourier transform of h. This could be part of the objective function.

But integrating this into the existing code would require modifying the objective function. For example, the objective could be a combination of the current cross-correlation maximum and the variance of the Fourier coefficients.

But this is getting complicated. Given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to return to the previous approach but make some optimizations.

Let me consider modifying the optimizer. The previous code uses SLSQP with a method and constraints. Let's try using another optimizer, like COBYLA, which handles bounds and constraints. Or use the SLSQP method with adjusted parameters.

Another thing: the current code uses the initial_h_values, but if there is no parent construction (initial_h_values is not present), it uses 0.5. However, the user says to use initial_h_values if available. So in the code, we should check if it's available and use it.

Additionally, in the code, after perturbing h_perturbed, the code normalizes it to maintain the sum constraint. However, the current code does this by multiplying by (ones_count / np.sum(h_perturbed)), which could lead to numerical issues if the sum is zero. But with the initial_h_values, it's unlikely.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. The current code uses np.correlate, which is fast. However, maybe there's a way to vectorize the calculation or use a different approach.

In summary, the main ideas are:

1. Use the existing initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Use a more efficient optimizer, perhaps COBYLA or L-BFGS-B.
3. Adjust the perturbation strategy to explore the solution space better.
4. Increase the number of iterations or adjust the parameters to allow more thorough search.

Let me try to implement these changes. For the optimizer, using L-BFGS-B which is better suited for bound-constrained problems. Also, adjusting the perturbations to be larger initially and then decreasing.

Another idea: instead of using Gaussian perturbations, use a different perturbation strategy, like adding noise in the Fourier domain and then transforming back to the time domain. This could help in exploring the solution space more effectively.

But this is getting too complex, and given the time constraints, maybe the best way is to modify the existing code to use a better optimizer and adjust the parameters. So, let's write the code accordingly.

Here's a plan:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting guess.
- Use the L-BFGS-B optimizer with bounds and constraints.
- Perform multiple restarts with different perturbations to avoid local minima.
- Adjust the perturbation parameters to explore the space effectively.

Let me outline the code. The code would need to define the objective, constraints, and optimization loop. Using the L-BFGS-B method, which is available in scipy.optimize.minimize.

Also, the code must respect the time budget. So, the main loop would run for a certain number of iterations, each time perturbing the current best solution and optimizing it.

Another thing: the previous code uses a while loop with a time check. Let's structure the code to allocate time for multiple perturbations and optimizations.

In the previous code, the sigma decreases over time. Maybe instead of decreasing sigma, we can use a fixed sigma for multiple iterations, then decrease. Or use a different strategy for perturbation.

But with the limited time, perhaps using a larger number of iterations with the same sigma could help. Alternatively, use a different method for generating perturbations.

Putting it all together, the new code would resemble the previous one but with different optimizer and parameters.

So, here's the plan for the code:

- Define the objective function as before, returning the max cross-correlation value.
- Define the constraint as the sum of h equals n_points/2.
- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- In each iteration, perturb the current best h with a random noise, clip to [0,1], and normalize.
- Use the L-BFGS-B optimizer with bounds and the constraint.
- Run this for multiple iterations within the time budget.
- Keep track of the best solution found.

This approach should be able to find better solutions by using a more effective optimizer and different perturbations.

Another possible adjustment is to use multiple initial guesses. For example, generate several initial points and optimize each, then select the best.

But with time constraints, perhaps focusing on improving the optimizer and perturbation is better.

So, the final code would have the following structure:

- Define the objective function.
- Define the constraint.
- Initialize from initial_h_values.
- In a loop, perturb the current solution, optimize with L-BFGS-B, and track the best solution.
- Return the best solution after time is up.

Now, coding this in Python with necessary adjustments.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 70
    ones_count = n_points // 2
    if 'initial_h_values' in globals():
        initial_h = initial_h_values.copy()
    else:
        initial_h = np.full(n_points, 0.5)
    
    def objective(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * (2.0 / n_points)
    
    def constraint_sum(h):
        return np.sum(h) - ones_count
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0)] * n_points
    best_h = initial_h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(initial_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    for _ in range(20):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        sigma = 0.05 * (1 - (time.time() - start_time) / budget_s)
        h_perturbed = initial_h + np.random.normal(0, sigma, n_points)
        h_perturbed = np.clip(h_perturbed, 0.0, 1.0)
        h_perturbed = h_perturbed * (ones_count / np.sum(h_perturbed))
        
        result = minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=h_perturbed,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum},
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
            initial_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```