<think>
Okay, let's see. The user is asking for an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. They provided a previous code that uses a seed-based approach with an initial guess and some optimization steps. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. 

Hmm, the previous code uses a loop with perturbations and SLSQP optimization. But maybe that's not efficient enough. Let me think about how to improve this. The main problem is that the objective function is non-convex and has many local minima. So standard gradient-based methods might get stuck. 

The user's strategy suggests a pattern search with adaptive windowing. Maybe I can try a different approach. Let's think about the structure of the problem. The function h is a step function on [0,2] with integral 1. The overlap integral is the max over all shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. 

Another idea: since the overlap is maximized over k, maybe we can model this as a covering problem. The goal is to design h such that for any shift, the product h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) is as small as possible. 

But how to model that. Maybe considering that the maximum overlap occurs at certain specific shifts. For example, if h has a certain periodic structure, maybe it can minimize overlaps. Alternatively, using a combinatorial approach where h has a specific pattern that breaks symmetry. 

The previous code uses 70 samples. Maybe increasing the number of samples could help, but the user said that smaller sequences are preferred. Wait, the note says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred because they are faster to optimize. So maybe 70 is actually acceptable. 

Wait, the initial approach used perturbations and SLSQP. But SLSQP might not explore enough. Maybe using a different optimization algorithm, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, could escape local minima better. However, given the time budget, those might be too slow. 

Alternatively, maybe using a more structured approach. Let's think about the constraints. The sum of h is fixed, so maybe using a binary representation (i.e., h(x) is either 0 or 1) would be better? But the problem allows h(x) to be any value in [0,1], so maybe using a binary vector is not allowed. But maybe a piecewise constant function. 

But the user says that the code should use step functions represented by n_points samples. The previous code uses a continuous approach with floating points. Maybe using a binary representation (hard thresholds) could be more efficient? But the initial solution may not be binary. 

Wait, the previous code uses an initial_h_values which could be the starting point. If we can refine that, perhaps using more systematic perturbations. 

Another idea: The overlap integral for a given k is the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). Let's consider that for each x, h(x) and h(x + k) are related. So maybe for each k, the integral is maximized when h(x) and h(x +k) are as aligned as possible. So to minimize the maximum, we want to arrange h so that it doesn't have too much overlap with its shifted versions. 

This sounds similar to the concept of mutually unbiased bases or something like that. But how to model that. Maybe using a periodic function. For instance, if h is a square wave with a certain period, but the integral has to be 1. 

Alternatively, using a function that is non-overlapping in certain regions. For example, if h is 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, but arranged such that shifts of h don't overlap much. 

But the problem is that the function is defined on [0, 2], and the shifts are over the entire real line. So, for example, for a shift k, the integral is over x where x and x +k are both in [0,2]. So depending on the value of k, the overlapping region changes. 

But since we can't track all k's, the code uses the correlation function. The current approach computes the full correlation, which includes all possible shifts. 

Another thought: the maximum of the correlation would be the maximum overlap. So the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum value of the cross-correlation between h and (1 - h). 

Hmm. Maybe using some Fourier analysis here. Because cross-correlation relates to the Fourier transform. However, I'm not sure how to use that directly for optimization. 

Alternatively, using a grid search approach. But with high dimensionality, that's not feasible. 

Wait, the code uses n_points=70 samples. Maybe increasing n_points could help. But the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. However, perhaps the user's previous code used 70 samples. Maybe there's a trade-off between the number of samples and the number of iterations. 

Alternatively, trying a different initial structure. The initial_h_values could be a better starting point. For example, if the initial_h_values is designed to have certain properties, like being concentrated in regions that minimize overlap. 

Wait, the previous code starts with a uniform distribution. But maybe a better initial guess is to have a block structure. For example, splitting the interval [0, 2] into several segments and setting h to 1 in some parts and 0 in others. 

But how to design such a block structure. Let's think: if the function h is a series of pulses spaced in such a way that their shifts do not overlap. For example, if the pulses are spaced more than a certain distance apart. 

But since the integral must be 1, the total area of h is 1. Let's assume that the function is a binary step function (but not necessarily). For example, if there are m intervals of length l where h is 1, then m*l = 1. But given that the domain is [0,2], l can be up to 2. 

But maybe the optimal h is not binary. 

Alternatively, maybe using a ternary structure. But this is getting complicated. 

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe using a probabilistic method. For example, choosing h as a random variable that has certain properties. But how to translate that into an optimization problem. 

Alternatively, using a greedy approach. Start with a certain configuration and iteratively adjust it to reduce the maximum overlap. But how to do that. 

Back to the code. The previous code uses a loop with perturbations and SLSQP. Let me think about possible improvements. 

Maybe instead of using SLSQP, which is a local method, using a global optimization algorithm. But the time is limited. 

Wait, the code in the previous approach has a loop where it generates perturbations and uses SLSQP. But maybe using a different optimization method, like Bayesian optimization or some kind of genetic algorithm, could lead to better results. However, those might be too slow. 

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization strategy. For example, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (10) with perturbations. Maybe adding more iterations or varying the perturbation parameters. 

Wait, the code uses n_points=70. Maybe increasing n_points would allow for finer adjustments, but it's unclear if that would help. The user's note says that smaller sequences are preferred. So perhaps the code should stick to n_points=70. 

Another idea: The previous code uses a fixed perturbation with normal distribution. Maybe trying different types of perturbations, like swapping values between regions, or modifying certain intervals. 

Alternatively, focusing on the regions where the overlap is highest. For example, after computing the correlation, identify the shifts that give the maximum overlap and then adjust h in those regions to reduce the overlap. 

But how to do that in the code. 

Let's think about how the correlation is computed. For each shift k, the correlation is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)). The maximum of these over all k is C₅. So to minimize C₅, we need to minimize the maximum of these integrals. 

So, for each candidate h, we calculate all these integrals and take the maximum. Then, we need to find the h that minimizes this maximum. 

A possible improvement is to use a more targeted optimization approach. For example, during each iteration, identify the k that gives the maximum correlation and focus on optimizing h to reduce that particular overlap. 

But how to model that. Maybe using a gradient-based method that focuses on the worst-case k. 

Alternatively, using a gradient ascent approach where the objective function is the maximum of the correlations. But since this is non-convex, it's challenging. 

Another thought: the previous code uses the same initial guess for all iterations. Maybe varying the initial guess more could help escape local minima. 

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach where multiple initial guesses are tried, and the best result is kept. 

But given the time constraint, this might not be feasible. 

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe using a different method like COBYLA or Trust-Constrained. 

Another idea: Since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions, we can use a method that tries to balance the different overlaps. For example, use an iterative approach where we penalize the maximum overlap by adjusting the function. 

But I'm not sure how to implement that. 

Wait, perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the correlation. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the full cross-correlation. However, for the given problem, we need to compute the integral for each shift. But since the function is defined on [0, 2], the overlapping intervals for different shifts k would vary. 

Alternatively, maybe precompute the points where the overlap occurs. For example, for each shift k, the integral is over the intersection of [x, x +k] with [0, 2]. But this seems complicated. 

Alternatively, the current code is using the full correlation, which gives all possible shifts. However, the largest value among those shifts is the one that defines C5. So perhaps the code could focus on the shifts where the overlap is the highest and adjust h accordingly. 

But how to integrate that into the optimization process. 

Another possible improvement is to use a different initial guess. The user mentions that if initial_h_values is available, use it. So maybe the initial_h_values is a better starting point. The previous code uses initial_h_values as a starting point. 

But perhaps the initial_h_values is not the best. For instance, if the initial_h_values is constructed with a certain pattern that already has a low C5, then the optimization can start from there. 

Alternatively, if the initial_h_values is not provided, create a better initial guess. For example, a structured pattern. 

But the problem says that initial_h_values is available, so we can use it. So maybe we should take that initial guess and refine it. 

Another idea: instead of doing a fixed number of iterations, perhaps using a more adaptive approach. For example, if the improvement in C5 is below a certain threshold, stop early. 

Alternatively, using a different regularization term. For example, adding a penalty on the variation of h, to encourage smoother functions. But this could be part of the objective function. 

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with the constraint on the sum of h. So the constraints are enforced. 

Hmm. Perhaps the current approach is not sufficient. Let's think about the previous result. The user's code achieved a C5 bound of 0.380919, and the target is 0.380876. So it's very close. To get a lower value, maybe we need a more efficient optimization strategy. 

Another thought: The problem requires the maximum over k of the cross-correlation. Maybe the maximum occurs for a specific range of k, and by focusing the optimization on those k's, we can find better solutions. 

For example, in the previous code, after computing the cross-correlation, the maximum is taken. So, the maximum value is the C5. If we can adjust h to reduce that specific maximum, that would be better. 

But how to do that. Perhaps in the optimization, we can focus on the k that gives the maximum overlap, and adjust the h accordingly. 

Alternatively, using a penalty method where the objective function is the maximum overlap, but treating it as a scalar. However, the maximum of a set of values is not differentiable, making optimization difficult. 

But perhaps using a smooth approximation of the maximum function. For example, replacing the max with a sum of the individual terms with weights that make it smooth. However, this complicates the objective function. 

Alternatively, using a multi-objective approach where we try to minimize each individual overlap term. But again, this is not straightforward. 

Maybe the key is to find a way to model the problem more effectively. 

Another idea: The current approach uses 70 samples. Maybe increasing the number of samples can lead to a better solution. But the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. However, since the problem allows for up to 1k samples, maybe trying with a higher n_points could help. But with the time budget of 1100 seconds, it depends on how much time is needed for each iteration. 

But if increasing n_points from 70 to, say, 100, the code may take longer. However, perhaps this is manageable. 

Alternatively, using a different method for optimization. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a different method like differential evolution could explore the space better, even if it's slower. 

But considering the time budget, perhaps the code can use a combination of local optimization and global search. 

Wait, but the previous code already does some kind of global search by perturbing the initial guess and running optimization. Maybe adjusting the perturbation strategy could help. 

Another idea: Instead of random perturbations, use a more structured perturbation based on the current maximum overlap. For instance, identify the regions where the maximum overlap occurs and adjust those regions to reduce overlap. 

But again, how to implement that. 

Alternatively, during each iteration, for the current h, compute the correlation and find the k with the maximum value. Then, modify h in such a way that reduces the overlap for that particular k. 

For example, if the maximum overlap is at shift k, then adjust h to have less overlap with h(x +k). This could be done by increasing the value of h in regions where x +k falls within the support of h. 

But this is quite vague. Let me think of an example. Suppose for a certain k, the maximum overlap occurs. Then, the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) dx is maximized. To reduce this, we can try to decrease h(x) where x +k is in the support of h. 

But this might not be straightforward. 

Alternatively, maybe using a gradient with respect to h. For example, take the derivative of the correlation value for a particular k with respect to h, and adjust h in that direction. 

But since the maximum is over all k, this is challenging. 

Hmm. Given the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to refine the existing code with some changes. For instance, increase the number of iterations, use a better optimizer, or adjust the perturbation strategy. 

Another possibility is to use a different initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values provided by the parent construction. If that is a good starting point, then refining it could lead to better results. 

Alternatively, the previous code uses a fixed n_points =70. Maybe using a different n_points value, like 100, could allow for more detailed adjustments and a better C5 value. However, this depends on the time. 

But the user wants to keep the code concise and within the time budget. 

So, considering all these thoughts, perhaps the best way to proceed is to modify the existing code to:

1. Use a better initial guess (if available).
2. Increase the number of iterations or the number of perturbations.
3. Use a more efficient optimization method.
4. Adjust the perturbation strategy to focus on regions that contribute to the maximum overlap.

For example, instead of adding random perturbations, generate perturbations that specifically target areas where the overlap is high. 

But how to implement that. 

Alternatively, during each iteration, compute the current maximum overlap, and then generate perturbations that affect the regions contributing to that overlap. 

In the code, after computing the correlation, find the k with maximum value. Then, adjust h in such a way that reduces the overlap for that k. 

But how to do that. Maybe by modifying the h values in the regions where x +k is overlapping. 

Alternatively, the code can try to reduce the maximum overlap by modifying h in the areas where x and x +k are both in the support. 

But this seems a bit vague. 

Another idea: Since the correlation for each k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)), perhaps we can represent this as integrating over the overlap regions. 

But again, without knowing k, it's hard to target. 

Alternatively, use the correlation values to guide the perturbation. For example, for each k, if the overlap is high, adjust h in such a way that reduces that overlap. 

But again, this is not straightforward. 

In the absence of a better idea, perhaps modifying the existing code to make more perturbations and use a different optimization method. 

For example, using a different method like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients and can be effective for non-convex problems. 

Alternatively, using a combination of different methods. 

But given the time, perhaps the code can be adjusted to run more iterations, use a different optimizer, and have a better initial guess. 

So, the plan is to:

- Use the initial_h_values if available, or a better initial guess.
- Use a more efficient optimization method, such as SLSQP with better parameters.
- More iterations to refine the solution.
- Use a more targeted perturbation strategy based on the current overlap.
- Ensure that the code stays within the time budget.

Now, translating this into code. Let's consider the following changes:

- Increase the number of iterations (e.g., from 10 to 20).
- Use a different perturbation strategy, maybe focused on areas where the overlap is highest.
- Use a better optimization method, such as SLSQP with more iterations and tighter tolerances.
- Add more refinements, such as using the best solution from previous iterations as the new initial guess.

Also, perhaps using a larger n_points. For example, try with n_points = 100. But need to check if that's feasible within the time. 

However, given the time budget, maybe keeping n_points=70 is better. 

So, modifying the code to have more iterations and better optimization.

Another idea: The previous code uses a fixed perturbation step of 0.05. Maybe decreasing this, allowing for smaller changes and more precise optimization. 

Alternatively, using a perturbation that is adapted based on the current solution's quality. For example, if the solution is already very good, use smaller perturbations.

In code, the previous approach adds a normal perturbation with mean 0 and standard deviation 0.05. Maybe changing this to a smaller standard deviation, or using a different distribution like uniform. 

Alternatively, use a perturbation that is more targeted. For example, for each iteration, generate several perturbations and pick the best one. 

But again, time is a constraint. 

Putting this all together, the revised code could:

- Use a larger number of iterations.
- Use a more refined perturbation strategy.
- Use a better optimization method.
- Track the best solution found so far. 

So, implementing these changes in the code. 

Another possible change: instead of running SLSQP for each perturbation, perhaps use a more efficient method. Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations, but maybe adding more iterations would help. 

In conclusion, the code should be updated to improve the optimization process, possibly by using a better optimizer, more iterations, and better perturbation strategies. 

Now, writing the code with these considerations.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 100  # Increased to balance detail and performance
    ones_count = n_points // 2
    if 'initial_h_values' in globals():
        initial_h = initial_h_values
    else:
        initial_h = np.full(n_points, 0.5)
    
    def objective(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * (2.0 / n_points)
    
    def constraint_sum(h):
        return np.sum(h) - ones_count
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0)] * n_points
    best_h = initial_h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(initial_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Adaptive refinement with increasing focus
    for _ in range(20):  # Extended iteration count
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s:
            break
        # Create refined guess with localized perturbations
        perturbation_scale = 0.03
        perturbation = np.random.normal(0, perturbation_scale, n_points)
        h_perturbed = initial_h + perturbation
        h_perturbed = np.clip(h_perturbed, 0.0, 1.0)
        # Adjust for sum constraint
        h_perturbed = h_perturbed * (ones_count / np.sum(h_perturbed))
        
        result = minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=h_perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum},
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8, 'disp': False}
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
            initial_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```