<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find a better upper bound for the Erdős constant C₅ by optimizing a step function h over the interval [0, 2]. The current best is around 0.38085, and we need to improve on that.

First, I need to understand the existing approach. The previous code uses a stochastic perturbation method with SLSQP optimization. It starts with initial_h_values and iteratively perturbs and optimizes. The main ideas are: perturbing the current best solution, using SLSQP with constraints, and checking for improvements.

But maybe there are ways to improve this. Let's think about possible optimizations and alternatives.

One idea is to use a different optimization method. SLSQP might get stuck in local minima. Perhaps using a genetic algorithm or a different metaheuristic could help explore the solution space more thoroughly. But since the time budget is tight, maybe a more efficient approach is better.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a more structured approach. The problem involves minimizing the maximum cross-correlation. This is a convex optimization problem? Not sure. Wait, the objective is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation. That's a non-convex problem because of the max function. So standard convex solvers might not work directly.

Another thought: the cross-correlation is a convolution, but since we're working with a fixed interval, maybe there's a way to model this with constraints. However, the non-convex nature makes it challenging.

What about using a more sophisticated starting point? The previous code starts with initial_h_values or a uniform distribution. Maybe a better initial guess could be constructed. For example, a step function with specific intervals where h is 1 or 0, arranged to minimize overlap. But how?

Alternatively, maybe using a discrete Fourier transform (DFT) approach. Since the cross-correlation can be expressed in terms of Fourier transforms, but I'm not sure how that would help here.

Another angle: the problem is similar to designing a signal with certain properties to minimize interference. This is similar to certain optimal control problems or filter design. Maybe there are known techniques in that area that can be applied here.

Wait, the cross-correlation between h and (1 - h) at shift k is the integral of h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx. For the maximum over all k. So, we need to arrange h such that for any shift k, the integral is minimized.

But how to model this. The previous approach uses a numerical optimization with constraints. Maybe instead of perturbing the solution each time, we can use a more global optimization approach, like simulated annealing or particle swarm optimization. However, those might be too slow given the time constraints.

Alternatively, maybe a better choice of parameters in the existing approach could yield better results. For example, adjusting the perturbation size, the number of iterations, or the optimization method's parameters.

Wait, the current code uses a fixed perturbation size based on time. Maybe instead of reducing the perturbation size linearly with time, we could use a different schedule. Or perhaps use a larger initial perturbation but decrease it more aggressively.

Also, the current code uses a fixed n_points (70). Maybe using a larger n_points could yield better results. But the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, as they are faster to optimize. However, maybe for the given budget, a larger n_points could be feasible if the optimization is efficient enough.

Wait, the previous code uses n_points=70, and the budget is 1100 seconds. Let's think about how long the current approach takes. Each iteration involves a perturbation, then an optimization with SLSQP. For 70 variables, SLSQP with maxiter=500 could be time-consuming. Maybe reducing the number of iterations or using a different optimizer.

Wait, the current code runs multiple iterations, each with a perturbation and optimization. Perhaps the number of iterations could be increased, but that would require more time. However, the time budget is fixed, so perhaps there's a way to make each iteration faster.

Another thought: the constraint is that the sum of h is fixed. The current code normalizes the perturbed h to meet the constraint. Maybe using a different method for maintaining the constraint, like Lagrange multipliers, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA algorithm instead of SLSQP, which doesn't require gradients. However, COBYLA might be slower or less effective here.

Hmm. Let me think about the previous code's structure. It starts with an initial_h_values, then in a loop, perturbs it, optimizes, and keeps the best. Maybe instead of doing this iteratively, we can use a more global approach. However, given the time constraints, maybe the existing approach is the best.

Another idea: instead of using a uniform perturbation, maybe use a more targeted perturbation. For example, identify regions where the function could be adjusted to reduce the maximum cross-correlation.

Alternatively, maybe splitting the problem into parts. For instance, the function h should be such that when shifted, it's as uncorrelated as possible. This resembles designing a signal with low cross-correlation with itself, which is similar to codes in communication theory. Perhaps using a periodic structure with specific intervals.

Wait, the Erdős problem is about a step function that minimizes overlap. The optimal solution is often a piecewise constant function with certain properties. Maybe the initial_h_values is already a good structure, but we can improve it by adjusting the intervals.

For example, if the initial h is a set of intervals where it's 1 or 0, perhaps we can find a better arrangement. However, with continuous optimization, maybe the best approach is to find a non-uniform distribution.

Alternatively, the previous code uses a uniform initial guess. Maybe starting with a better initial guess would help. How about using a different initial guess based on some theoretical considerations?

But without prior knowledge, it's hard to say. Maybe using a more sophisticated initial guess. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 1 or 0, arranged to minimize the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum cross-correlation, maybe the optimal h is a periodic function with certain properties. For example, a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that when shifted, overlaps are minimized.

But how to translate this into code. Maybe using a random initial guess with some structure, like dividing the interval into equal parts and setting h to certain values.

But again, without knowing the exact optimal structure, it's hard to proceed. So perhaps sticking with the existing approach but making some adjustments.

Looking at the previous code, the key parameters are:

- n_points = 70
- The initial guess is either initial_h_values or uniform.
- The perturbation is a normal distribution with decreasing sigma.
- Each optimization uses SLSQP with maxiter=500.

Possible improvements:

1. Increase the number of iterations, but that may take more time. Alternatively, reduce the number of iterations per loop to allow more loops within the budget.
2. Adjust the perturbation schedule. Perhaps using a larger initial perturbation and decreasing it more rapidly, or using a different schedule like exponential decay.
3. Use a different initial guess. For example, if initial_h_values is available, use it as a starting point. But the user mentioned that the initial_h_values might be available, so leveraging that is important.
4. Try a different optimization method. For example, using a different solver with better performance or using a different algorithm like BFGS with constraints.
5. Use a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. The current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient, but perhaps there's a way to vectorize the computation.

Another thought: the cross-correlation is computed for all possible shifts. The maximum of these values is what we're trying to minimize. The current code computes this as the maximum over all correlations. However, when using the 'full' mode, the output has length 2n_points -1. The maximum is taken over all those values.

But perhaps there's a way to model this maximum as a constraint. However, the problem is that the maximum over many variables is a non-convex function, making it hard to optimize directly.

Alternatively, maybe we can approximate the maximum by considering only a subset of shifts, but that might not be accurate.

Another idea: since the problem has a fixed length [0, 2], the shifts k that are most critical are those that cause the maximum overlap. For example, shifts that are equal to the length of the interval, or shifts that align certain regions of h. But without knowing which shifts are most important, it's hard to target.

Alternatively, the maximum cross-correlation occurs when the shift k is such that h(x) and 1 - h(x +k) overlap the most. Maybe for certain shifts, like k = 1/3, etc. But again, how to model this.

Alternatively, since the integral is over [0,2], and the shift k is such that x +k remains in [0,2] for some x. So the valid shifts k are between 0 and 2. However, the cross-correlation is computed over the full range, but in the code, it's using the full mode, which gives (n_points + n_points -1) elements. But perhaps the maximum occurs at specific shifts.

But regardless, the code is already handling that.

So, back to the previous approach. Let's consider improving the existing code by:

- Using a larger n_points. Wait, but the user said smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, maybe with a larger n_points, the optimization can be more precise. For example, using n_points=100 might allow for better resolution. However, the user's previous code uses 70. Let me check the time.

The previous code uses 70 points. Each optimization step involves a SLSQP with maxiter=500. Let's say that for each iteration, it takes 1 second. Then, with 1100 seconds, we can do about 1000 iterations. But if we increase n_points, the time per iteration might increase.

Alternatively, maybe using a smaller n_points but trying a different method.

Alternatively, changing the perturbation method. The current code's perturbation is adding a normal distribution with a decreasing sigma. Maybe instead of using a normal distribution, use a uniform perturbation, or a different distribution.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the entire array, maybe focus on perturbing regions where the current h is high or low. For example, increasing the sigma for regions where the function is 0.5, and lower for regions near 0 or 1.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimizer like HOO (Hyperopt) or a Bayesian optimization approach. But integrating that into the code might be complex.

Another possible optimization is to use the fact that the cross-correlation function is symmetric, so maybe we can exploit that to reduce the number of evaluations. However, the code already computes the maximum, so perhaps not helpful.

Another thought: the current code uses the same initial_h_values each time. Maybe varying the initial guess could help avoid local minima. For example, starting with different initial guesses, like alternating between initial_h_values and other structures.

But how to implement that. Perhaps in the loop, instead of always starting from the previous solution, sometimes generate a new random initial guess.

Alternatively, using a more diverse set of starting points. For example, generating multiple initial guesses and selecting the best one. But this would take more time.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method, which is a limited-memory BFGS algorithm with bounds. This might converge faster than SLSQP. However, since the problem has an equality constraint (sum h = n_points / 2), we might need to incorporate that as a constraint.

Alternatively, using the method of Lagrange multipliers to include the constraint into the objective function. For example, the objective could be the cross-correlation plus a Lagrange multiplier term for the constraint. But how to implement this.

But since the code already has the constraint via the SLSQP method, perhaps the existing approach is as good as it can be.

Another idea: using a different loss function. Instead of minimizing the maximum, maybe use a formulation that penalizes the maximum, such as the average of the cross-correlation values. However, that might not lead to the same result as minimizing the maximum.

Alternatively, we can model the problem as minimizing the maximum value, which is the C₅. This is a min-max problem, which is challenging. However, in practice, the previous code approximates it by evaluating the maximum of the cross-correlation.

So, given all these considerations, perhaps the main improvements are:

1. Improve the initial guess by using the provided initial_h_values more effectively.
2. Adjust the perturbation strategy to explore more diverse solutions.
3. Use a more efficient optimizer or optimization parameters.

Let me think about how to code this. Let's take the previous code and try to tweak it.

First, the initial code uses a fixed n_points=70. Maybe increasing n_points to 100 could help. However, with the same budget, the time per iteration would be longer. Let's suppose that with 70, each iteration takes around 1 second. For 1100 seconds, that's 1100 iterations. If n_points is doubled to 100, but the time per iteration increases, maybe the total number of iterations would be lower. However, without knowing the exact time, it's hard to say. But given that the previous code used 70 and achieved a C₅ of ~0.3809, maybe increasing n_points would help.

But the user's note says that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. So maybe stick with 70.

Another idea: the perturbation step could be adjusted. The current code uses a sigma that decreases linearly with time. Maybe using an exponential decay would allow for more exploration at the beginning and faster convergence later.

Also, in the current code, after perturbing, the code projects the h to ensure the sum is correct and the values are within [0,1]. However, the projection is done by scaling the perturbed values. Maybe there's a better way to handle this, like using a constrained optimization method that naturally maintains the constraints.

Alternatively, using the method of constraints in the optimizer, like including the sum as an equality constraint and the bounds as inequality constraints. That's already done in the current code.

Another idea: use a different optimizer. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which doesn't require gradients. But since the objective is smooth, SLSQP might be better.

Alternatively, combining different optimization methods. For example, using a random search with some local optimization.

But the existing code uses SLSQP, which is effective for constrained optimization. Perhaps increasing the maxiter or adjusting the tolerance could improve the results.

Another possible change: instead of perturbing the current solution each time, generate multiple random initial guesses and optimize each one, then take the best. This could help avoid getting stuck in local optima.

However, this would require more iterations. For example, if we generate 10 different initial guesses, each with their own optimization, it might take longer. But in the time budget, it might be feasible.

Alternatively, in the loop, after some steps, generate a new random initial guess to start from. This could help explore different regions of the solution space.

Let me try to outline these changes in code.

First, the initial_h_values is available, so use it. Then, in the loop, sometimes start with a new random guess, not just perturbing the current one.

Another idea: Instead of using a fixed perturbation, generate a random initial guess periodically. For example, every 10 iterations, generate a new random initial guess.

But this would require changing the perturbation step.

Alternatively, in the loop, after some iterations, generate a new initial guess that is a random vector satisfying the constraints (sum is n_points/2, each element in [0,1]).

But how to generate such a vector. For example, generate a random vector and renormalize it to meet the sum constraint. This could be done by generating a random vector, then scaling it by (n_points / 2) / sum(h).

This could be done as an alternative to perturbing the current solution.

But how to integrate this into the existing code. Perhaps, after a certain number of iterations, generate a new candidate solution from scratch and optimize it.

This could help in escaping local optima. However, it may take more time.

Alternatively, the existing code modifies the current solution with a perturbation. But perhaps generating a random solution each time could be more effective. However, this is not necessarily better, and might be slower.

Another thing: the previous code uses the same initial_h_values throughout. If the initial_h_values is already a good solution, perhaps using it as the starting point is better. But if it's not, then starting from a random guess could be better.

But the user mentioned that the initial_h_values is available, so it's better to use it as a starting point.

So, to summarize the changes I could make:

- Increase the number of iterations, but decrease the perturbation size over time.

- Adjust the perturbation schedule, perhaps using exponential decay instead of linear.

- Use a different optimizer, or adjust the parameters of the existing one.

- Try different initial guesses, such as generating new ones periodically.

Let me adjust the perturbation schedule. The current code uses sigma = 0.05 * (1 - (time.elapsed)/budget). This decreases linearly. Maybe using an exponential decay could allow more initial exploration.

For example:

sigma = 0.05 * (1 - np.exp(-timeelapsed / budget))

But this depends on how the time is being tracked.

Another change: in the code, the initial_h is set to initial_h_values if available, else uniform. So perhaps the initial guess is already good, so perturbation is useful.

Another thing: the current code keeps the best solution found so far and uses it as the initial guess for the next iteration. This is a form of restart, which is good for escaping local optima. However, the perturbation step adds some randomness to prevent getting stuck.

Another idea: using a larger number of optimization iterations, say, 1000 instead of 500, but adjusting the options to have tighter tolerances.

Alternatively, changing the optimizer to 'SLSQP' with more iterations and tighter tolerances.

Another idea: using the 'BFGS' method with bounds. However, it's not clear if that's better than SLSQP.

Another possible optimization: precompute the cross-correlation once with the initial guess, then use that as the starting point for the perturbations.

But I think the main changes would be adjusting the perturbation schedule and possibly the optimizer parameters.

Let me try to code these changes.

First, increase the maxiter for the SLSQP optimizer. The current code uses 500. Maybe increasing it to 1000.

Also, the tolerance settings: 'ftol' and 'eps' are set to 1e-8. Perhaps making them smaller would help. But this might affect convergence time.

Another thing: using a different strategy for the perturbation. Instead of adding a normal distribution, perhaps using a uniform perturbation. For example, adding a small random value between -delta and delta, then clamping and scaling.

But the current approach may be more effective.

Another thought: the cross-correlation is maximized when the overlap between h and 1-h is greatest. So, if the h function is too uniform, the cross-correlation might be higher. Therefore, the optimal h should have regions where it's 0 or 1 as much as possible.

But the current code allows for continuous values, so maybe a better approach is to make the function take on more extremal values (0 or 1), thus reducing the overlap.

However, the problem allows h(x) to be in [0,1], so perhaps the optimal solution is a piecewise constant function with certain thresholds. But how to model that.

Alternatively, using a binary function (0 or 1), but that might be too restrictive. However, the previous code allows for continuous values, which can be more flexible.

But how to encourage the optimizer to approach binary values. One way is to set a penalty for values not being near 0 or 1, but that's not straightforward.

Hmm. Perhaps the existing approach is sufficient, and the key is to refine the parameters and the perturbation strategy.

In conclusion, the plan is to:

- Keep the initial_h_values as the starting point.

- Use a perturbation schedule that decreases more rapidly, perhaps exponentially.

- Increase the number of optimization iterations.

- Adjust the optimizer parameters for better convergence.

Thus, the modified code would incorporate these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 100
    ones_count = n_points // 2
    if 'initial_h_values' in globals():
        initial_h = initial_h_values.copy()
    else:
        initial_h = np.full(n_points, 0.5)
    
    def objective(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * (2.0 / n_points)
    
    def constraint_sum(h):
        return np.sum(h) - ones_count
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0)] * n_points
    best_h = initial_h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(initial_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    t0 = time.time()
    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s:
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed > 0.9 * budget_s:
            sigma = 0.01
        else:
            sigma = 0.05 * np.exp(-elapsed / budget_s)
        
        h_perturbed = initial_h + np.random.normal(0, sigma, n_points)
        h_perturbed = np.clip(h_perturbed, 0.0, 1.0)
        h_perturbed *= (ones_count / np.sum(h_perturbed))
        
        result = minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=h_perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum},
            options={'maxiter': 800, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
            initial_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```