<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is around 0.38085, and the goal is to get lower than that, ideally 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution with various guess functions. But maybe there's a better way.

Hmm, the problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So the objective is to find h such that this maximum is as small as possible.

The initial approach tried different guess functions, like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random ones. Then used SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. But maybe I can do better by exploring other strategies.

First, let me think about the structure of the problem. The overlap integral is essentially the maximum over all shifts k of the "overlap" between h and the complement of h shifted by k. So, to minimize the maximum, h needs to be arranged such that it doesn't have large overlaps with its shifted versions.

The current solution uses a starting point derived from initial_h_values, which is a 45-point array. But maybe starting with other structures could lead to better results. Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization strategy, like a more efficient global optimization method or better local refinement.

The previous code used SLSQP for local optimization and differential evolution for global exploration. Differential evolution is good for global optimization but can be slow. Maybe I can replace that with a more efficient algorithm, like particle swarm optimization (PSO) or genetic algorithms. Alternatively, use a Bayesian optimization approach with acquisition functions to balance exploration and exploitation.

Wait, but the problem constraints require that the sum of h is exactly n_points / 2. This is a linear constraint. So the problem is a constrained optimization problem with a nonlinear objective function. SLSQP handles this well, but maybe using a more efficient local optimizer or better initial guesses could help.

Another thought: the overlap integral depends on the correlation between h and 1 - h shifted by different k. So, perhaps the problem can be rephrased as finding h that minimizes the maximum correlation. This is similar to designing a signal with low cross-correlation with its shifted versions.

In signal processing, codes with low autocorrelation are used in things like radar and communications. For example, Barker codes have minimal autocorrelation. Maybe some similar principles apply here. However, the exact problem here is different because we're dealing with the maximum over all shifts of the cross-correlation between h and its complement.

So, perhaps constructing h as a periodic sequence with certain properties. But since the domain is [0, 2], maybe the optimal h is a periodic function with a certain period. But how to translate that into a step function?

Alternatively, considering that the integral over [0, 2] of h(x) dx = 1, the function h is like a probability density with area 1. The maximum overlap integral would correspond to the worst-case probability that, when we shift h by some k, the overlap between h and 1 - h shifted by k is maximized.

Another idea: Since the overlap integral is the maximum over k, perhaps we can model this as a game where we want to minimize the maximum, so maybe we can use some game-theoretic approach or simulate the worst-case k.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem? The previous approach uses numerical optimization, which is a feasible approach given the problem's complexity.

Looking back at the previous code, it tried various initial guesses, then applied SLSQP and DE. The problem is that with the given time budget (100 seconds), perhaps the DE steps are too slow or not effective enough. Maybe reducing the number of DE iterations and relying more on SLSQP refinement with better initial guesses could help.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial guesses could be constructed in a different way. For example, using a more structured approach like aperiodic sequences, or combining different pulse shapes. The previous code used pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves with varying frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe trying more sophisticated waveforms or combining them in a clever way.

Also, the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 45). Maybe trying with more points could allow for better resolution, but that might require more computational time. However, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. So perhaps using n_points=45 is actually better than larger ones.

Wait, the initial code uses n_points=45, which is the length of initial_h_values. So, perhaps starting with that is a good idea, but maybe trying different numbers of points could lead to better results. However, the user says that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, and the code should be efficient. So, maybe keeping n_points=45 is better.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of random guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses by varying parameters more systematically.

Also, the code uses SLSQP with a maximum of 200 iterations per call, then DE, then refinement. But maybe the convergence is not optimal. Perhaps using a better optimization strategy, like using a hybrid method that combines global and local search more effectively.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm approach, which can explore the search space more thoroughly. However, genetic algorithms can be slow, especially for high-dimensional spaces. But with n_points=45, that's 45 variables, which might be manageable.

Alternatively, perhaps using a tabu search or simulated annealing. But again, these methods can be slow.

Wait, the problem mentions that the user's previous code achieved a C₅ bound of 0.381142, which is higher than the current best of 0.38085. So, the goal is to get lower. The previous code's approach may have been stuck in a local minimum, so perhaps a different strategy is needed.

What if instead of generating multiple random guesses, the code starts with the initial_h_values and then uses a more sophisticated optimization method to refine it. For example, using the initial guess and then applying a more effective local optimization.

Another idea: the overlap integral depends on the maximum correlation between h and 1 - h shifted by any k. To minimize this, perhaps the function h should be designed to have as uniform as possible a distribution, so that when shifted, it doesn't overlap too much with itself. For example, a closely packed set of intervals.

But how to translate that into a step function? Maybe using a construct where h is a series of steps that are spread out across the interval [0, 2], ensuring that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Alternatively, think of h as a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, such that the union of intervals and their shifts don't overlap much. But since the integral is 1, the total area under h must be 1, which for a step function with step sizes would mean the total length of the intervals is 1 (since each interval contributes a certain length, multiplied by 1, and sum to 1). Wait, no: the integral over [0,2] of h(x) dx is 1. If h is a step function that is 1 on a set of measure 1 and 0 elsewhere, then the integral is 1. So the step function could be a collection of intervals with total length 1.

But how to structure those intervals to minimize the maximum overlap with their shifted versions?

For example, if we divide the interval [0, 2] into segments, and assign h(x) = 1 in certain segments such that when shifted by different k, the overlap with the rest is minimized. This seems similar to a covering problem or a packing problem.

Perhaps using a more structured approach, such as dividing the interval into equally spaced points and setting h(x) to 1 in certain positions. But how to choose these positions?

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is over all k, which for a step function could be related to periods where the function is 1 and 0. If the intervals where h is 1 are spaced in a way that when shifted, they don't overlap with their complement.

But this is a bit vague. Perhaps a better approach is to think in terms of the code structure. The previous code uses several guess functions: pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves. Maybe adding more types of functions or varying the parameters more.

Another idea: the code uses a DE step to generate new guesses. Maybe instead of using DE for all guesses, use a different approach for generating initial guesses.

Alternatively, perhaps the code can be modified to use a more efficient local optimization method. For example, using a Sequential Quadratic Programming (SQP) approach with more efficient parameters, or using a different method like Nelder-Mead.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a maxiter of 200, and then DE. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could help, but that uses more time. However, with a time budget of 100s, the code needs to be efficient.

Another thing: the current code's DE uses a population size of 50 and maxiter of 50. Maybe reducing the population size or the number of iterations could save time, allowing more refinement steps.

Alternatively, perhaps focusing on the initial guess and using more iterations of SLSQP refinement. For example, after generating a good initial guess, perform more SLSQP steps to fine-tune it.

But how to get a better initial guess? The initial code uses the initial_h_values and other generated guesses. Maybe generating more structured guesses could help. For example, using a function that arranges the intervals to maximize spacing between them.

Wait, maybe the initial_h_values is a good starting point. Let's think: if we start with that, and then refine it using SLSQP with more iterations, maybe we can get a better result. Alternatively, if the initial guess is not optimal, maybe generating a better initial guess is crucial.

The previous approach tried several different initial guesses, but maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a set of intervals that are spread out across the [0, 2] interval. Let me think: if h is 1 on certain intervals, arranged such that when you shift them, the overlap with the rest is minimized.

Another idea: use a greedy approach. Start by placing intervals where they don't overlap with their shifted versions. For example, if you have an interval of length l, then shifting by more than l would not overlap. But since the integral is 1, if there's only one interval of length 1, then shifting by more than 1 would not overlap. However, the maximum overlap could be for shifts smaller than 1. So perhaps having multiple intervals arranged in such a way that their shifts don't overlap.

But how to model this? For example, if you have two intervals, each of length 0.5, placed at positions 0.25 and 0.75. Then when shifted by 0.5, the first interval would shift to 0.75, overlapping with the second interval. But the overlap in this case would be the integral of the product, which could be significant. So this approach may not be sufficient.

Alternatively, using a random placement of intervals, but that's similar to what the previous code does with random guesses.

Hmm. Maybe I need to think of a different optimization strategy. The previous code uses DE and SLSQP. What if I use a more efficient local search method? For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method? Or maybe using a combination of DE and a local optimizer.

Alternatively, use a Bayesian optimization method, which can be more efficient in the number of iterations. However, implementing Bayesian optimization from scratch might be time-consuming, and I might not have enough time to code it given the constraints.

Alternatively, consider that the problem has a structure that can be exploited. For example, the maximum overlap is over all possible shifts. But in practice, for a step function, the maximum overlap would correspond to certain critical shifts. Maybe we can approximate the maximum by evaluating the overlap for a subset of shifts that are likely to be critical, thus reducing the computational cost.

But in the current code, the overlap is computed as the maximum of the full correlation, which includes all possible shifts. So for a step function with n_points samples, the number of possible shifts k could be up to n_points, so the number of correlation points is O(n_points^2), which is not feasible for large n_points. However, in the previous code, the DE and SLSQP methods are applied, which might handle this efficiently.

Another thought: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, the worst-case shift is likely to be one that causes the maximum overlap. Therefore, during the optimization, it might be useful to focus on minimizing the overlap for those shifts that are most critical. However, how to find those shifts without computing the full correlation?

But the current code evaluates the maximum over all shifts, which is necessary. So that's a computational burden, but perhaps with the given time constraints, it's manageable.

Another angle: the integral C₅ is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Let's think about this integral. If I change variables, say y = x + k, then the integral becomes ∫ h(y - k) (1 - h(y)) dy over y from k to k + 2. But since h is defined on [0, 2], the limits might wrap around. However, the code uses scipy's correlate function with mode 'full', which handles shifts beyond the array's length. So the code already accounts for that.

So the problem is to minimize the maximum of these integrals over all possible k. The challenge is to find a step function that balances the overlaps across all possible shifts.

Another idea: what if we model this as a constrained optimization problem where we have variables representing the positions and lengths of the intervals where h is 1. For example, if we have m intervals, each with start and end points, then the integral of h is the sum of the lengths of the intervals. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral across all shifts. However, this approach would involve a large number of variables and constraints, making it difficult to optimize. Plus, it might not be feasible for large m.

But with the given time constraints and the problem size, maybe this is not the way to go. So I'll return to the numerical optimization approach.

Perhaps the previous code's main issue is that it's not exploring the search space sufficiently. So, maybe using a different initialization strategy or more aggressive optimization steps could help. For example, instead of using a few fixed guess functions, generating many more initial guesses by varying parameters.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated local optimizer, like using a combination of SLSQP with different settings. For example, increasing the number of iterations or changing the tolerance.

Another idea: in the previous code, after generating some initial guesses with DE, it performs refinement with SLSQP. Maybe using a different order of optimization. For example, perform DE more times, then refine with SLSQP. However, this could consume more time.

Alternatively, the initial code uses various guess functions, but maybe the most effective one is the initial_h_values. So starting with that and then refining it with SLSQP for many iterations might be more effective.

Another thought: the current code uses the 'full' mode for convolution, which returns the correlation for all shifts. But perhaps for some optimizations, we can precompute the possible shifts that are most critical. For example, shifts that correspond to the window size. However, this requires knowing which shifts are critical, which is not known beforehand.

Alternatively, the code could focus on minimizing the maximum over a subset of shifts. But this might not be reliable.

Hmm, perhaps the key is to use more effective initial guesses. The initial_h_values might be the best starting point. So generating a few variations of it and then optimizing.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different starting point. For example, a step function that is 1 on certain intervals arranged to minimize overlap. For instance, a periodic function with certain properties.

But without knowing the structure of the optimal function, it's challenging.

Another approach: since the integral is over [0, 2], and the function is periodic in some way, maybe considering a symmetry. For example, h(x) = h(2 - x), which might help in spreading the function evenly.

Alternatively, using a more uniform sampling of the function. For instance, if the function h(x) is designed such that it has equal probability of being 1 in all regions, then shifting would not create large overlaps.

But again, how to model this as a step function.

Perhaps I'm overcomplicating things. The current code's structure is already trying different initial guesses and refining them. Maybe the best way to improve it is to increase the number of DE iterations, adjust the parameters, or use a different optimization method for refinement.

Wait, the code as written has several loops. For example, after generating initial guesses, it runs DE and then SLSQP. Perhaps increasing the number of DE iterations, or reducing the population size to save time. Also, after DE, refining with more SLSQP iterations.

Alternatively, considering that the time budget is 100 seconds, I can allocate more time to the local optimization steps, especially after the initial exploration.

Another possible improvement: maybe instead of using DE and SLSQP, use a hybrid approach. For example, use a more efficient global optimization method like the Covariance Matrix Adaptation (CMA-ES) algorithm, which is more suited for high-dimensional problems. However, implementing CMA-ES is more involved and may require more code.

Alternatively, using the existing DE with more aggressive parameters. For example, increasing the mutation range or the number of iterations, but this may consume more time.

Another idea: the code could exploit the problem's symmetry. For example, certain shifts may be redundant. If the function is periodic or has certain symmetries, then some shifts can be omitted. However, this requires knowing the symmetries of the optimal function, which is not known.

Alternatively, using a mathematical model to find the optimal function. For instance, considering the problem as a covering problem where the function h should be designed to avoid overlap with its shifts. However, this is abstract and not directly applicable.

Another angle: the overlap integral can be rewritten as the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This is equal to the integral of h(x) dx - integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) dx is 1, the first term is 1. So the overlap integral is 1 minus the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx for all k. But I'm not sure if this helps in optimization.

But this means that the problem is related to maximizing the minimum pairwise overlap between the function and its shifts. This is similar to the concept of a "maximum correlation" or "autocorrelation" function.

Therefore, the problem can be viewed as maximizing the minimum over k of the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. But this seems like a different problem than what the code is trying to solve.

Wait, the code's objective is to minimize the maximum of the overlap integral, which is max_k [ integral h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx ].

But since integral h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx = integral h(x) dx - integral h(x)h(x +k) dx = 1 - integral h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, minimizing this maximum is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx over k.

So, the problem becomes finding h that maximizes the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x +k) over all k. This is interesting. However, I don't know if this helps with the optimization approach.

But this change of perspective might allow using different optimization strategies. For example, if the objective is to maximize the minimum of the pairwise overlap integrals, maybe some other method could be applied.

But given that the problem is still to find a function that minimizes max_k [1 - overlap(k)], which is the same as maximizing min_k overlap(k).

But how to model this? The current code seeks to minimize the maximum, so perhaps changing the optimization objective to maximize the minimum isn't directly applicable, unless we can find a way to transform the constraints.

Overall, I think the best path forward is to refine the current approach, possibly by improving the initial guesses, using more efficient optimization methods, or increasing the number of refinement steps.

Let me consider modifying the previous code in the following ways:

1. Reduce the number of initial guess functions to focus on better structures.
2. Increase the number of DE steps or refine the local optimization more effectively.
3. Use a better initial guess based on the initial_h_values.
4. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods to get better convergence.
5. Use more efficient optimization strategies, such as using a different method for the local refinement, like Nelder-Mead instead of SLSQP.

But since the previous code already uses DE and SLSQP, maybe the main issue is the choice of initial guesses and the number of iterations.

Another idea: instead of generating a fixed set of initial guesses, generate more diverse ones by varying frequencies and duty cycles of the waveforms. For example, trying different combinations of pulse waveforms with varying frequencies and duty cycles.

Alternatively, generating a starting point based on the initial_h_values and slightly modifying it to explore nearby regions.

Let me also think about how the code evaluates the overlap. It uses the full convolution and takes the maximum. For computational efficiency, maybe it's possible to precompute the relevant shifts, but that's already handled by the code.

Another thought: since the problem is to find the minimal worst-case overlap, perhaps the optimal h is a function with as equal as possible overlapping with its shifts. This suggests that the function should be spread out in a way that no single shift creates a large overlap.

So, perhaps using a more uniform distribution of intervals. For example, if the function h(x) is 1 on several intervals that are evenly spaced across [0, 2]. This would reduce the chances of having overlaps when shifted.

For example, if there are m intervals, each of length l, with total length m*l = 1 (since the integral is 1). If the intervals are spaced such that when shifted by certain amounts, they don't overlap with each other or their complements.

But how to translate this into code? It's a bit vague, but perhaps generating such intervals could be a good starting point.

For instance, if we choose m=5 intervals, each of length 0.2, and spread them out evenly across [0, 2]. Let's say the intervals are from 0 to 0.2, 0.4 to 0.6, 0.8 to 1.0, 1.2 to 1.4, 1.6 to 1.8. This would give total length 1.0. Then, when shifted by 0.2, the first interval would overlap with the second, giving an overlap of 0.2*0.2 = 0.04. But if shifted by 0.5, the overlaps might be different. However, this is just an example.

But how to model this in code? Maybe generate a function that has evenly spaced intervals of certain lengths. However, the initial code's initial_h_values might already be something like this, so relying on it as a starting point is better.

In summary, the previous code might be missing some exploration of the search space. To improve, perhaps using a different strategy for generating initial guesses, increasing the number of refinement steps, or using a more effective optimizer.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (including the initial_h_values and others). But maybe using the initial_h_values as the primary guess and refining it with more iterations.

So, perhaps modifying the code to focus more on the initial_h_values and its refinements.

For example, in the code, after generating the initial guesses, the code applies DE, then SLSQP refinement. But maybe it's better to focus on refining the initial_h_values rather than generating other guesses.

Alternatively, combining the initial_h_values with other structured guesses, like evenly spaced pulses or other waveforms.

In terms of code changes, perhaps the following:

- Reduce the number of guess functions to focus on the initial_h_values and a few others.
- Increase the number of SLSQP iterations for refinement.
- Use a different optimization method for the local steps.
- Use more efficient parameter settings for DE and SLSQP.

But given the time constraints, it's important to make the code efficient and not spend too much time on non-converging steps.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum, maybe the optimal h is a certain structured function. For example, a function that is 1 on a set of points that are regularly spaced. So, creating a step function h that is 1 on certain regular intervals.

For example, if the domain is [0,2], and we have m intervals, each with length 1/m, spaced evenly. But how to determine m?

Let's say m=5, then each interval has length 0.2. But how to spread them across the domain? For example, spaced at 0.2, 0.6, 1.0, 1.4, 1.8, etc. This would give total length 1.0, meeting the integral constraint. However, this is a rough idea, and the actual function would need to be adjusted for the step function.

But how to generate such a function algorithmically?

Well, with n_points samples, for example, the code could generate a function that is 1 in positions that are spaced evenly. For instance, if the sampling step is dx, then the function is 1 in certain intervals. But this is a bit abstract.

Alternatively, for the initial guess, use a function that is 1 on a set of intervals arranged to minimize overlap. For example, using a regular pattern of intervals.

But without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to proceed. So, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code's optimization steps.

In the previous code, after generating a few initial guesses, it runs DE and then refines with SLSQP. The code's final refinement steps are limited, perhaps to 5 iterations. Maybe extending this and allowing more refinement could help.

Another idea: instead of using multiple different guess functions, focus on the initial_h_values and apply more refinement steps. So, start with the initial guess, then use DE to explore nearby regions, then SLSQP for fine-tuning.

Additionally, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the SLSQP method with a higher number of iterations, or a different method like COBYLA, which doesn't require gradients.

But the current code already uses SLSQP. Perhaps switching to a different method might yield better results. Alternatively, using a combination of different methods.

Another possible optimization: in the current code, the DE uses a population size of 50 and a maxiter of 50. This could be reduced to save time, allowing for more refinement steps. For example, using DE with smaller population size and fewer iterations, then refining with SLSQP.

Alternatively, using a different DE strategy, such as using a higher mutation rate or different recombination strategies.

In terms of code changes, here's what I can think of:

- Use the initial_h_values as the primary guess and refine it more thoroughly.
- Reduce the number of other guess functions, focusing on the initial_h_values.
- Increase the number of refinement steps with SLSQP.
- Adjust the tolerance and maxiter parameters in the optimization methods.
- Use a different initial guess generation, maybe one that creates a more structured function.

Considering all this, the improved code might look like this: start with the initial_h_values and perform multiple rounds of optimization, using a combination of DE and SLSQP with more iterations and better parameter settings.

Also, the previous code has a 'generate_random' function that generates random guesses. Perhaps replacing that with a more structured guess would be better, but without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to say.

Another thing: the initial_h_values is provided, but maybe it's not the best starting point. However, since the user says to use it if available, we should retain that.

Putting it all together, the code could be modified to:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as the primary guess.
2. Perform a DE optimization with a moderate population size and iterations.
3. Perform multiple rounds of SLSQP refinement, increasing the number of iterations.
4. Use a tighter tolerance in the optimization.
5. Possibly add another DE step with different parameters.
6. Ensure that the code uses as much time as possible before the budget is exhausted.

Also, to save time, the code could limit the number of initial guesses to a few, focusing on the initial_h_values and a couple of other structured guesses.

With these changes, the code might converge to a better solution.

So, modifying the previous code accordingly:
- Reduce the number of guess functions, focusing more on the initial_h_values.
- Increase the number of SLSQP refinement steps.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods to allow for better convergence.
- possibly use a different strategy for the initial guesses.

Another possible change: instead of using the SLSQP method for refinement, use a different method, like COBYLA or Nelder-Mead, which might be more efficient for the problem.

But without knowing which method works best, it's hard to say. However, SLSQP is a good choice for constrained optimization.

Another idea: in the current code, after some iterations, it might get stuck in a local minimum. So, perhaps introducing some random perturbations to the current solution and applying local optimization could help escape local optima.

But this could be computationally expensive.

In summary, the main changes I would make are:

- Use the initial_h_values as a primary guess.
- Generate fewer other guess functions.
- Perform more SLSQP refinement steps.
- Adjust the SLSQP parameters for better convergence.
- possibly reduce the number of DE iterations but allow more refinement.

With these changes, the code might find a better solution.

Now, let's proceed to code this.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def generate_shifted(g, shift):
        return np.roll(g, shift)

    def generate_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def generate_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def generate_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def generate_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 7):
        guesses.append(generate_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.6, 0.4]:
        guesses.append(generate_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.6, 0.4]:
        guesses.append(generate_triangle(3, duty))

    def slsqp_guess(g, iterations=500):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': iterations, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess(popsize=30, maxiter=30):
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=popsize, maxiter=maxiter,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 25:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r, iterations=400):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': iterations, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```