<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. My previous program achieved 0.381142, so I need to do better.

First, I should understand the problem again. The task is to find a step function h over [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. This is equivalent to maximizing the overlap, and we want to minimize that maximum.

The previous approach uses a combination of initial guesses, SLSQP optimization, and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better way. Let me think about possible improvements.

One thing is that the previous code starts with the initial_h_values and then tries various guesses. But maybe starting from a different initial guess could lead to better results. For example, maybe using a more regular or structured pattern.

Another idea: the problem has symmetry. Since the interval is [0,2], perhaps constructing a function that is periodic or has certain symmetries could help. For example, using a piecewise constant function with equal parts, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Also, the current approach uses a fixed number of points. Maybe trying different numbers of points could help. However, the problem states that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, so maybe using 45 points (as the initial one) is manageable.

Another thought: the overlap integral is related to the convolution. The previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation. But maybe there's a way to model the problem as an optimization problem with constraints, perhaps using more sophisticated optimization techniques.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using more global optimization methods, or adaptive methods that adjust parameters during the search. Also, perhaps using a different initial guess is important. For example, instead of generating pulses or sawtooth waves, maybe generating a function that is more evenly distributed, such as a step function with certain periodicity.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm could be effective. But the current code already uses differential evolution, which is a population-based method. Maybe combining with a local optimizer like SLSQP for refinement.

Another thing to consider is the number of points. If the initial setup has 45 points, maybe trying a slightly larger number could allow for more precise optimization. However, the problem mentions that sequences under 1k are preferred, so perhaps 45 is acceptable.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided. Maybe the initial guess is not optimal, but it's a starting point. So perhaps I can start from that, but try to refine it with better optimization techniques.

Let me think about the structure of the function. Since the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], the average value of h is 0.5. So the function h(x) is effectively a probability density function over [0,2], and we want to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted by different k.

The overlap integral for a given k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum of this over all k, we need to distribute the 'mass' of h such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Perhaps using a piecewise constant function with certain spacing that avoids too much overlap when shifted. For example, a function that is 1 in regions spaced periodically, but adjusted so that the integral is 1. However, ensuring that this avoids overlapping when shifted.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a covering problem, where the function h is designed to cover the interval in a way that overlapping with shifts is minimized. 

Another approach: the problem can be considered as a game between two players. One chooses h to minimize the maximum overlap, and the other chooses the shift k to maximize it. So we need to find h that is as "spread out" as possible to avoid any shift leading to high overlap.

In this context, perhaps using a function that is a combination of multiple shifted pulses, but with varying widths and positions. However, constructing such a function is non-trivial.

Given that the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, but may not be getting the best results, perhaps I should try a different optimization approach. For example, using a Bayesian optimization method, but that might be more complex to implement.

Another idea: the problem is similar to signal processing, where we need to minimize the maximum cross-correlation. Known techniques in signal processing could be applicable here. For instance, designing a signal with low cross-correlation with itself, which is related to Golay sequences or other codes. However, these are typically for cross-correlation, not for a specific function and its shifted versions.

Wait, the overlap integral is essentially the cross-correlation between h and (1 - h), but integrated over the interval. To minimize the maximum value of this cross-correlation, perhaps we need to design h such that it's as "spread out" as possible.

Let me think about the current code's approach. It starts with an initial guess and then tries various pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions. Then it uses SLSQP to optimize from those guesses, and then differential evolution for further refinement. Finally, it does a few iterations of SLSQP refinement.

Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough, or the optimization parameters are not set optimally. For example, the SLSQP method might get stuck in local minima. 

So, perhaps modifying the initial guesses to include more diverse functions. For instance, using functions that are more randomized, or have more complex structures. Alternatively, using a different starting point, like a more evenly spaced step function.

Another idea: instead of using pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions, maybe generating random functions that meet the integral constraint and then optimizing from there. However, generating those functions in a structured way might be better.

Moreover, the code uses a fixed number of points (n_points). If the initial_h_values has 45 points, maybe increasing the number of points allows for finer adjustments. However, the problem states that smaller sequences (less than 1k) are preferred, so 45 is acceptable.

Wait, but the previous code uses the initial_h_values (which is 45 points) and then uses a number of guesses. Maybe trying different numbers of points could help. However, changing the number of points would require adjusting the code, which might not be efficient.

Another thought: the overlap integral is evaluated for all k. However, in practice, for a function h(x), the maximum overlap is achieved for certain shift values. For example, shifts that correspond to overlapping regions of h with 1 - h(x +k). Perhaps focusing the optimization on these critical shifts could help. But integrating this into the optimization process might be complex.

Alternatively, using a more detailed analysis of the problem. Let me think about the mathematical formulation.

The problem is to find h(x) ∈ [0,1] with ∫h(x) dx = 1, minimizing the maximum over k of ∫h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx.

This can be rewritten as:

max_k [ ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx ] 

Which simplifies to:

max_k [1 - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx ]

Therefore, the problem reduces to minimizing the maximum of (1 - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx), which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx over all k.

Wait, no. Since the maximum of (1 - A) is 1 - min(A), so to minimize the maximum (1 - A), we need to maximize the minimum A. Therefore, the problem is equivalent to maximizing the minimum over k of ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx.

This is interesting. So instead of minimizing the maximum of (1 - overlap), which is the same as maximizing the minimum of the overlap.

So, perhaps the problem can be reframed as maximizing the minimum overlap over all shifts. This might change the approach. Instead of trying to minimize a maximum, we might need to maximize the minimum, which could be approached via different optimization techniques.

But how would that help? Maybe this perspective allows for using different optimization techniques, such as maximizing the minimum value over all possible shifts.

But integrating this into the code would require changing the objective function, but the original code is already trying to minimize the maximum. However, perhaps there's a way to model this differently.

Alternatively, perhaps considering the problem in terms of Fourier analysis. The overlap integral can be rewritten in terms of the Fourier coefficients. Since the integral of h(x) h(x +k) is related to the convolution of h with itself, and the integral can be expressed using the Fourier transform.

But I'm not sure about the exact steps here. However, this might be a possible path. For example, if we can model the problem in the Fourier domain, perhaps we can find a function h that has certain properties in terms of its Fourier coefficients, which would minimize the maximum overlap.

However, this approach could be complicated and may not lead to a straightforward implementation.

Another angle: the current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe the parameters for these methods can be adjusted. For example, increasing the number of iterations in SLSQP or varying the tolerance. However, since the time budget is fixed, these changes may not help significantly.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, such as particle swarm optimization (PSO), which is used in some libraries. However, the code currently uses scipy.optimize, which has differential evolution and SLSQP. PSO is not in scipy's standard library, but I don't know if that's available.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, which can be seen as a multi-objective optimization problem, perhaps using a method that handles multiple objectives. But again, this may complicate the implementation.

Let me think about the initial code's approach again. It starts with initial guesses based on pulses, sawtooth, and triangles. Then uses a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP to refine. The problem is that the initial guesses might not be diverse enough, leading to suboptimal solutions.

So, perhaps generating a more diverse set of initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, including functions that are more random, or based on different patterns.

Moreover, the previous code uses a fixed number of guesses (like 10 for different frequencies and duties). Maybe replacing those with more varied starting points, such as functions that are more jagged or have different structures.

Another point: the current code uses np.correlate, which computes the full cross-correlation. However, when dealing with the overlap integral, the shift k must be within the interval where x +k is still in [0,2]. So for shifts that cause x +k to be outside the interval, the integral over x would only be considered where x +k is within [0,2]. However, the code uses mode 'full', which returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts, including those where the overlap is not entirely within the original interval. 

Wait, perhaps the code is considering all possible shifts k, and the integral is over the overlapping region. However, the integral is calculated as the cross-correlation, but scaled by dx. However, the actual integral for a given k would be the integral over x where x and x +k are both in [0,2]. But the code's current approach of using full mode may be computing the cross-correlation over all possible shifts, but then scaling by dx. This might be incorrect. 

Wait, the original problem states that the overlap integral is for each k, but k is not specified. How is k defined? For example, in the Erdős problem, what values of k are considered? Are they real numbers, or integers? The original problem is about continuous shifts, right?

In the problem statement, the overlap integral is for a general k, but the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which may not account for the correct range of k. For example, the max_k could be over all real numbers, but the code as written computes the cross-correlation for integer shifts. However, this is not correct. This might lead to an incorrect evaluation of the integral, causing the optimization to not target the correct regions.

Wait, no. The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which for an array of length n_points, returns the cross-correlation for shifts from -n_points +1 to n_points -1. But the actual overlap integral is over all real shifts k, which would require evaluating the integral for any k in the real numbers. The current code is using a discrete approximation with integer shifts, which might not be sufficient. 

This is a critical point. The code's evaluation of the overlap integral is incorrect in the way it's implemented. The np.correlate function isn't the right approach for this problem. Instead, for a continuous function h(x), the overlap integral for a shift k would be the integral over x in [0, 2 -k] of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. However, when k is such that x +k is within [0,2], which would be for k in [0,2] and x in [0,2 -k].

But the way the code is written, it's using the cross-correlation of h and 1 - h. The cross-correlation of two functions f and g is defined as (f * g)(k) = ∫ f(x) g(x +k) dx. So for each shift k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx is exactly the cross-correlation at shift k. However, in the code, when they do np.correlate(h_vals, (1 - h_vals), mode='full'), the result gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts k such that x +k is within the domain. However, for a continuous domain, the shifts can be any real number, but the code is treating it as a discrete approximation.

This might be the main flaw. The code is using a discrete approach to approximate the continuous integral, but the actual problem requires evaluating over all possible real shifts k. Therefore, the current code's approach of evaluating the maximum over the discrete shifts may not actually find the true maximum, leading to suboptimal results.

For example, the true maximum could be achieved for a non-integer k, which the code's discrete approach fails to capture. This would significantly impact the quality of the solution.

So, this suggests that the code's evaluation of the overlap integral is incorrect, and thus the optimization is not properly targeting the true maximum. This is a critical mistake.

To correct this, the code should instead consider all possible shifts k, but since it's a continuous problem, the code needs to find a way to approximate the maximum. However, with a discrete sample, perhaps it's possible to find the maximum by considering shifts that are multiples of dx, which is the step size between samples.

Alternatively, the code could sample k at increments of dx, to approximate the continuous case. However, the current code's approach of using np.correlate with full mode would give a cross-correlation for all possible shifts that are spaced at intervals of dx. 

Wait, the np.correlate function returns the cross-correlation for shifts that are multiples of dx. For example, for each position in the result array, it represents the shift by a certain number of samples. So, in the code, the maximum is computed over the correlation values, but the actual maximum might be at a different shift.

But given that the function h is a step function, and the shift k is continuous, the maximum overlap might be achieved at a shift that aligns with the positions of the steps. Therefore, perhaps the current approach is sufficient, as it samples k at discrete points, and the maximum is achieved at one of these points.

However, this is an assumption. But given that the problem is about minimizing the maximum, and the code uses the correlation for all possible shifts, it's possible that the code is on the right track.

But this could be a source of error. For example, if the optimal k is between the discrete samples, the code would miss it. However, given that the step function is defined with a certain number of points, it's possible that the optimal k is at a discrete shift.

Alternatively, to account for this, perhaps the code could evaluate the correlation over all possible shifts k in the continuous domain, but for that, we would need to approximate the integral for each k. However, that would be computationally expensive.

This suggests that the current code's way of evaluating the maximum (using cross-correlation) is not entirely accurate, and could lead to suboptimal solutions. However, it's possible that the existing code is already capturing the necessary information.

Another point: the code uses the maximum of the cross-correlation values, which are computed with a certain dx. For example, if the dx is small (many points), the approximation of the maximum could be more accurate.

So, perhaps increasing the number of points (n_points) would help, allowing for a more accurate approximation of the continuous integral. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. But maybe for the current initial guess with 45 points, increasing it to, say, 100 points might help, but this would require changing the code.

Alternatively, the code could use a more accurate method to compute the maximum overlap. For example, instead of using np.correlate, compute the integral for a range of discrete k values, which are spaced at intervals of dx.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the current approach is the best possible. 

Given that, the main area for improvement would be in the optimization process. The current code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe replacing differential evolution with a different global optimization method, or adjusting the parameters of the existing ones.

Another idea is to use a more effective initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values provided may not be optimal. Perhaps generating a more evenly distributed function that satisfies the integral constraint.

Let me think about how to generate such a function. For example, using a function that is a combination of multiple stripes. Alternatively, a piecewise function with equal areas.

But how to generate such a function efficiently? For example, creating a function h that has multiple steps, each of width w, such that the total area is 1. The steps can be arranged in a way that when shifted, their overlap is minimized.

For example, if the function is 1 in n regions, each of width w, and 0 elsewhere. But ensuring that the integral is 1. So for a total of n_steps regions, each of width w, we have n_steps * w = 2 * (integral over [0,2] of h(x)dx) ? Wait, the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1. So the total area of all regions is 1. If each region has width w and height 1, then the number of regions is 1/w. However, this would require that the sum over all regions' areas is 1.

But this might be too simplistic and may not lead to a good solution.

Alternatively, perhaps designing h(x) as a piecewise function with certain periodicity. For instance, using a certain number of stripes spaced regularly. 

Alternatively, generating a step function that is a low-pass filtered version of a certain pattern, such as a shifted sine wave. 

But this is getting too vague. 

Another idea: since the previous code uses a set of initial guesses, maybe adding more diverse guesses could help. For example, generating random functions that satisfy the integral constraint, and then optimizing from there.

In the existing code, there's a generate_random function which creates a random array, then scales it to meet the sum requirement. But perhaps generating more varied random functions, or using different distributions.

For example, instead of just random values, using a function that has a certain structure, such as varying heights or widths of pulses.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated method for generating initial guesses. For instance, using a genetic algorithm to generate diverse functions.

But again, given the time constraints and the code's structure, perhaps the current approach is the best.

Another consideration: the previous code uses SLSQP with a maximum of 200 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could improve the result. However, this would take more time, possibly exceeding the budget.

Alternatively, using a more efficient method. For example, in the existing code, after generating initial guesses, it uses differential evolution for further refinement. Maybe trying different parameters for differential evolution, such as mutation rates, recombination, etc.

Another idea is to use a hybrid approach, where we first perform a global search with differential evolution and then refine with SLSQP, as done in the existing code. However, changing the parameters of these methods could help.

Also, in the current code, after differential evolution, the code performs a few rounds of SLSQP refinement. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps could lead to better results.

Another point: the current code's coarse guesses include functions like pulses, sawtooth, and triangles. Perhaps including more types of functions, like combinations of these or other waveforms, could provide better initial points.

In addition, the code gives up if the budget_s is almost exhausted. However, the code uses a timer to stop early. Maybe adjusting the budget allocation between the different optimization steps could help. For example, allocating more time to differential evolution and less to refinement steps.

In terms of code changes, here's what I could do:

1. Improve the initial guesses by generating more diverse functions. For instance, in addition to pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions, generate other types of functions, or use more parameter variations.

2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms. For example, increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP or changing the convergence criteria.

3. Consider using different optimization techniques, such as Bayesian optimization, but since that's not implemented in scipy, perhaps not.

4. Focus on the initial construction. If the initial_h_values is not optimal, maybe trying to refine it with better optimization steps.

5. Change the way the initial guesses are generated to include more randomized but valid functions.

Another thought: the current code may be spending too much time on the initial guesses and not enough on refinement. Perhaps focusing on a few strong initial guesses and refining them thoroughly.

Moreover, the code currently uses a list of guesses, and for each, performs an optimization. Maybe instead, using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses, such as a more strategic random sampling.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the most effective change is to improve the initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters.

Another idea: the initial_h_values may have a specific structure that could be modified. For example, the initial_h_values might be a step function with certain spacing. Modifying this structure could lead to better performance.

Alternatively, using a smooth function that is a spline or a combination of basis functions.

But without knowing the structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to make changes. However, since the code has access to initial_h_values, which is a pre-defined array, it can be used as the starting point.

In the existing code, the initial_h_values are used as one of the guesses. Maybe using this initial guess as the primary starting point and trying to refine it with more iterations of SLSQP.

Moreover, the existing code uses multiple initial guesses, but perhaps it's better to focus on a few high-quality ones.

In summary, to improve the previous code, here are some steps I can take:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses, including randomized functions.
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP steps.
- Increase the number of refinement steps.
- Ensure that the code is not getting stuck in local optima by using different starting points.
- Use more efficient optimization techniques or adjust existing ones for better convergence.

Now, translating these thoughts into code.

The current code starts with initial_h_values and then generates several other guesses, such as pulses, sawtooth, triangles, and random functions. However, perhaps generating more initial guesses with varying parameters could help.

For example, generating more pulse functions with different frequencies and duty cycles, or more randomized functions.

Additionally, the code uses SLSQP for refining the guesses, but perhaps using more iterations here could help. The current code does 200 iterations for SLSQP in slsqp_guess, but maybe increasing it.

Another thing is that the code uses a fixed number of iterations for the differential evolution, which may not be optimal. Perhaps adjusting the number of iterations for differential evolution.

Moreover, the code uses multiple rounds of differential evolution and SLSQP refinement. Maybe optimizing the order in which these are performed.

Finally, given the time constraints, it's important to minimize the time spent on unnecessary steps.

Putting this together, here's a plan for the code:

- Start with the initial_h_values as the first guess.
- Generate additional initial guesses by creating random functions that meet the integral constraint.
- Use differential evolution for global optimization from these guesses.
- Refine the best candidates with SLSQP for local optimization.
- Ensure that the code adapts to the budget time, stopping early if needed.

In the existing code, the generate_random function creates a random array and scales it. This is a valid approach. However, perhaps generating more of these random functions could help, especially if they are more varied.

Additionally, the code could use a more sophisticated method to generate initial guesses, such as using functions that are more structured, like sine waves, square waves, or other patterns.

Another idea: using a function that is a shifted version of the initial guess to explore different regions.

But given the time, I need to implement changes that are feasible.

So, modifying the previous code by:

1. Increasing the number of random functions generated as initial guesses.
2. Adjusting the parameters of differential evolution and SLSQP.
3. Adding more structured initial guesses.

Additionally, ensuring that the code's evaluations of the overlap integral are correct. Since the previous code uses np.correlate, which is a valid way to approximate the cross-correlation, assuming that the shifts are discrete, then this is acceptable.

Now, let's code these changes.

The main modifications would be:

- In the guesses list, include more random functions.
- Increase the number of iterations for SLSQP.
- Adjust the parameters of differential evolution.

For example, generating more random guesses, say, 10 instead of 5.

Also, in the code, the current generate_random function creates a random array and scales it. This is acceptable.

Another idea: instead of generating random guesses, use a different method. For example, generating functions that have certain properties, like being periodic or having increased regularity.

But without knowing more, proceeding with the current approach.

Now, implementing these changes in code:

The existing code has:

guesses = [h]
for freq in range(3, 10):
    guesses.append(generate_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.4, 0.6]:
    guesses.append(generate_saw(3, duty))
for duty in [0.2, 0.4, 0.6]:
    guesses.append(generate_triangle(3, duty))
for _ in range(5):
    guesses.append(generate_random())

This adds 1 (h) + 7 (pulses) + 6 (saw) + 6 (triangle) + 5 (random) = 25 initial guesses.

Maybe increasing the number of random guesses to 10, or adding more variations.

Also, in the differential evolution part, the code uses for _ in range(4):, which runs 4 times. Perhaps increasing this to 5 or 6.

In the refinement steps, the code runs for _ in range(5):, which could be increased.

But with the time budget, it's important to manage the iterations.

But since the code already has a for loop that checks elapsed time, it can be adjusted to run more iterations if time allows.

In the current code, during the differential evolution part:

for _ in range(4):
    if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
        break
    h_opt = de_guess()
    h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
    c = obj(h_opt)
    if c < best_c5:
        best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

Perhaps increasing the number of iterations here to allow more exploration.

Also, increasing the number of iterations in the slsqp_guess function. For example, changing maxiter from 200 to 300.

Another thing is that the previous code uses the 'SLSQP' method, but perhaps changing the method to 'COBYLA' or 'Nelder-Mead' could help, but that might require more tuning.

But considering the code's structure, perhaps leaving it as 'SLSQP' is better.

Finally, ensure that the code is as efficient as possible. For example, precomputing the objective and constraints, or using vectorized operations where possible.

Putting all this together, here's a plan for the code:

- Keep the initial_h_values as the first guess.
- Add more random guesses.
- Increase the number of iterations for the optimization steps.
- Use more diverse functions in the initial guesses.
- Ensure that the code stops early if the budget is nearly exhausted.

With these changes, the code may find a better solution, leading to a lower C₅ bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def generate_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    def generate_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def generate_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def generate_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 8):
        guesses.append(generate_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.4, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(generate_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.4, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(generate_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(8):
        guesses.append(generate_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g, iterations=300):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': iterations, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess(popsize=50, maxiter=50):
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=popsize, maxiter=maxiter,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r, iterations=300):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': iterations, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(7):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```