<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous program used SLSQP optimization with initial guesses based on perturbations and structured pulses, but it didn't reach the target. So I need to think of a better approach.

First, let me recall the problem. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is calculated as the maximum cross-correlation between h and 1-h, scaled by dx. The constraints are that h is a step function with integral 1 over [0,2], and each h[i] is between 0 and 1.

The previous code tried multiple initial guesses and used SLSQP optimization. But maybe that's not sufficient. Let's think about possible improvements.

One lesson mentioned was using constrained optimization with SLSQP, which the previous code already did. So that's already in place. But maybe the initial guesses aren't diverse enough, or the optimization parameters need tuning.

Another idea: perhaps using a different optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP, but maybe other methods like COBYLA or trust-constrained could be better. However, the problem has bounds and constraints, so SLSQP is appropriate.

Wait, the previous code tried multiple initial guesses, including structured ones with pulses. But maybe the structured initial guesses aren't optimal. Alternatively, maybe using a more sophisticated initialization, like a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing, could help escape local minima. However, given the time budget of 100 seconds, maybe that's too slow.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be reformulated. The overlap integral is max_k ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since the integral is over [0,2], the shift k can range such that x + k is within [0,2]. So for each k, the integral is over the overlap region. But how does this relate to the function's structure?

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that minimizes the maximum pairwise overlap with its shifted version. This might relate to binary sequences with certain autocorrelation properties. Maybe using a more structured approach, like a binary sequence with specific spacing, could help. However, the function is a step function, not necessarily binary.

Wait, the initial_h_values provided has 47 samples. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a better approximation. But the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. However, the previous code uses the initial_h_values, which might be a 47-point sequence. Maybe trying with more points could help, but with the time budget, it's risky. Alternatively, maybe the current number of points is sufficient, but the optimization needs better strategies.

Another angle: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using different pulse numbers, or combining structured and random initializations. Also, maybe using a different noise level for perturbations.

Wait, the previous code tried generating structured initial guesses with varying numbers of pulses. But perhaps the optimal solution isn't a simple pulse structure. Maybe a more complex structure is needed. However, with the time constraints, it's hard to explore all possibilities.

Another idea: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. Maybe instead of optimizing for the maximum directly, we can use a penalty method that penalizes large cross-correlations. However, the previous code already uses the max as the objective, which is correct.

Wait, the previous code uses the max of the cross-correlation as the objective. But when optimizing, the solver might get stuck in a local minimum. Maybe using a different objective function, like the sum of the cross-correlations, but that's not the same as the maximum. Alternatively, maybe using a more sophisticated approach to handle the maximum.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem. However, the maximum of convex functions isn't convex, so that's not straightforward.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe trying more initial guesses, especially with different structures, could lead to better results. For example, using a combination of structured and random initializations, and varying the number of pulses.

Wait, the previous code tried generating structured initial guesses for num_pulses from 2 to 15. Maybe increasing the range or trying more values could help. Also, maybe using a different approach for generating initial guesses, like using a binary sequence with certain properties.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method, which doesn't require gradients. However, the problem has constraints, so it's unclear if that would work better.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=500) for each optimization. Maybe reducing the number of iterations and running more optimizations with different initial guesses could be better. Or using a more aggressive tolerance.

Wait, the previous code has a time budget of 100 seconds. The initial approach might be too slow. Maybe parallelizing the optimizations? But the code is supposed to run on a single CPU, as per the problem statement. The user mentioned 10 CPUs available, but the code is supposed to use them? Or is it single-threaded? The problem says "your function must complete within budget_s seconds and return the best solution found". So perhaps the code can run multiple optimizations in parallel, but the previous code runs them sequentially. However, the code as written is sequential, so maybe that's a bottleneck.

But given that the user's code is written in Python, and the problem allows using multiple CPUs, perhaps using multiprocessing to run multiple optimizations in parallel could save time. However, the previous code doesn't do that. So maybe that's an area for improvement.

But how to implement that? Well, the code could spawn multiple processes, each running an optimization with different initial guesses. However, given the time constraints, it's possible that the previous approach is too slow. But the user's code might not have that.

Alternatively, maybe the previous code's initial guesses are not sufficient. For example, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but other initial guesses could be better. Maybe generating more initial guesses, such as using a grid search over certain parameters, or using a more sophisticated method.

Another observation: the current best is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. So a small improvement is needed. Perhaps the previous code's optimization isn't finding the global minimum because it's stuck in a local optimum. To escape this, maybe using a different optimization strategy, such as using multiple starting points and a more robust solver.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with method='SLSQP' and constraints. Maybe changing the solver to something else, like 'COBYLA' or 'trust-constr', could help. However, 'trust-constr' requires gradients, which the current objective function doesn't provide. The previous code's objective function is the maximum cross-correlation, which is non-differentiable. So using a method that requires gradients might not work.

Alternatively, maybe approximating the objective function with a differentiable one. But that could complicate things.

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), which gives a longer array. The maximum of this array is what we need to minimize. However, the maximum could be influenced by different shifts k. Maybe focusing on specific shifts that are critical could help. For example, if we can find a h that minimizes the maximum over a subset of shifts, that might be easier. But how to determine which shifts are important?

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to compute the overlap integral. For example, for each shift k, compute the integral and take the maximum. But the previous code already does that.

Hmm. Maybe the problem is that the previous code's optimization is too slow, and with the time budget, it's not able to explore enough initial guesses. So, perhaps reducing the number of initial guesses but using more efficient ones.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the cross-correlation for a given h and then taking the maximum. But the previous code does that.

Wait, the previous code uses the 'full' mode for np.correlate, which returns a longer array. The maximum of this array is the maximum overlap. However, the integral for each shift k is computed as the sum over the overlapping region. But when using np.correlate with mode 'full', the output length is 2n - 1. However, the actual integral for shift k is over the overlapping interval. For example, when k is between 0 and 2, the integral is over x where x and x + k are within [0,2]. So for each k, the integral is computed as the sum of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) over the overlapping region. But when using np.correlate, the output for shift k is the sum of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) for x in [0, 2 - k]. However, the dx is 2.0 / n_points, so the total integral for each k is the correlate value multiplied by dx. But the maximum of these values is what we need to minimize.

So the previous code is correct in using the maximum of the correlate values multiplied by dx.

Another thought: perhaps the previous code's initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but other initializations could be better. Maybe generating more structured initial guesses, like using a binary sequence with certain properties, or using a more sophisticated method.

Alternatively, maybe using a different approach to construct h. For example, using a binary sequence with certain spacing to minimize overlaps. However, since h is a step function, it can take any values between 0 and 1, not just binary. So perhaps a more continuous approach is better.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can model this as a bilevel optimization problem, where we minimize the maximum overlap subject to the constraints. However, solving such problems is computationally intensive.

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm to evolve the h function. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time budget might be challenging, but given that the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, maybe a genetic algorithm could explore more of the search space.

But given the time constraints, implementing a genetic algorithm might be too slow. However, the user's code has a 100-second budget, and with 10 CPUs, perhaps parallelizing multiple genetic algorithm runs could be feasible. But again, this is speculative.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds, but that requires gradients. However, the objective function is non-differentiable because of the max operation. So that's not directly applicable.

Wait, the objective function is the maximum of several values. If we can approximate this maximum with a smooth function, maybe we can use gradient-based methods. For example, using a penalty term that penalizes large values. But this is getting complicated.

Alternatively, maybe the previous code's optimization is getting stuck because the initial guesses are not good enough. So perhaps generating more initial guesses, especially those that are more varied, could help. For example, using a combination of structured and random initializations, and varying parameters like the number of pulses.

Another observation: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (like 5 random ones, plus structured ones). Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help, but with the time budget, it's a trade-off. However, the code might be able to run more optimizations in parallel.

But given that the code is supposed to run on a single CPU (as per the problem statement, which says "your function must complete within budget_s seconds"), perhaps the previous approach is already as efficient as possible.

Hmm. Let me think about the previous code's parameters. The code uses a tolerance of 1e-10 and maxiter=500. Maybe reducing the tolerance or increasing the maxiter could help, but that would take more time. Alternatively, using a lower tolerance and fewer iterations might be better.

Another idea: the previous code evaluates the objective function as the maximum of the cross-correlation. However, when optimizing, the solver might focus on reducing the maximum, but perhaps the function is flat in some regions, leading to slow convergence. Maybe using a different objective function, such as the sum of the cross-correlations, but that's not the same as the maximum. Alternatively, using a different metric.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem by considering the maximum over k. However, this is non-convex, so it's not straightforward.

Another thought: since the integral is over [0,2], and the function h is periodic? No, it's not necessarily periodic. But perhaps considering the function's behavior over different shifts.

Alternatively, maybe using a Fourier analysis approach. The overlap integral can be expressed in terms of the Fourier transform of h and 1-h. However, I'm not sure how to proceed with that.

Wait, the overlap integral for a shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Expanding this, it's ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. The first term is 1 (since ∫h(x)dx = 1), so the overlap integral is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, the maximum overlap integral is 1 - min_k ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. So the problem becomes finding h that maximizes the minimum of these integrals over k.

This might be a useful perspective. So, instead of directly minimizing the maximum of 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx, we can think of maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. However, I'm not sure if this helps with the optimization.

But perhaps this formulation can be used to create a different objective function. For example, if we can find a way to maximize the minimum of these integrals, that would be better. However, this is still a challenging optimization problem.

Another idea: since the problem involves shifts k, perhaps the optimal h has certain symmetries or periodic properties. For example, if h is designed to have low autocorrelation, which is similar to the concept in coding theory. However, the exact application here is unclear.

Given that I need to improve the previous code, perhaps the key is to generate more diverse initial guesses and use a more efficient optimization strategy. Let me think about how to modify the previous code.

First, the previous code uses a fixed set of initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses, especially with different structures, could help. For example, using a combination of structured and random initializations, and varying parameters like the number of pulses.

Also, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe using a different optimization method, or adjusting the parameters, could lead to better results. For example, using a larger number of iterations or a different tolerance.

Another idea: the previous code's initial guesses include perturbations of the initial_h_values. Maybe generating more perturbations with different noise levels could help. Or using a different method to generate initial guesses, like using a binary sequence with certain properties.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess based on the current best solution. For example, if the initial_h_values are a good starting point, maybe using that as the main initial guess and perturbing it more.

Another thought: the previous code's objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. However, when optimizing, the solver might focus on reducing the maximum, but the function could have multiple local minima. To escape these, maybe using a different optimization method that can handle non-convex problems better.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to generate more diverse initial guesses and use a different optimization strategy. For example, using a combination of structured and random initializations, and using a different solver.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimizer like differential evolution could help find better solutions. However, differential evolution is more suitable for problems with a large search space and multiple local optima. But given the time budget, it might be feasible.

Let me think: the differential evolution method in scipy.optimize.differential_evolution could be used here. However, the problem has constraints (sum of h is fixed), so we need to incorporate that. Also, the objective function is the maximum cross-correlation.

But implementing differential evolution with constraints might be complex. However, the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints, which is more straightforward.

Alternatively, maybe using a hybrid approach: using differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then using SLSQP to refine it. But this would require more code.

Another idea: the previous code's initial guesses are generated with a fixed number of pulses. Maybe trying different numbers of pulses, or using a more sophisticated way to generate structured initial guesses.

For example, instead of using equally spaced pulses, perhaps using a more optimal spacing. However, this requires knowing the optimal spacing, which is what we're trying to find.

Alternatively, using a binary sequence with certain properties, like a Barker code, which has low autocorrelation. However, Barker codes are limited in length, and the problem here is over [0,2], which is continuous.

Hmm. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to generate more initial guesses, use a different optimization method, and adjust parameters to improve convergence.

So, here's a plan:

1. Generate more initial guesses, including more structured ones with different pulse numbers and spacing.
2. Use a different optimization method, such as 'COBYLA' or 'trust-constr', if possible.
3. Adjust the optimization parameters, like increasing the number of iterations or changing the tolerance.
4. Use parallel processing to run multiple optimizations in parallel, if feasible.

But how to implement this in the code?

First, let's consider generating more initial guesses. The previous code generates structured initial guesses for num_pulses from 2 to 15. Maybe increasing the range or trying more values. Also, adding more random initial guesses.

Second, changing the optimization method. The previous code uses 'SLSQP'. Maybe trying 'COBYLA' which doesn't require gradients and can handle bounds. However, the objective function is non-differentiable, so COBYLA might not work well. Alternatively, using 'L-BFGS-B' with a smoothed objective function.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method but with different parameters. For example, increasing the maxiter or adjusting the tolerance.

Third, using parallel processing. Since the problem allows 10 CPUs, perhaps using multiprocessing to run multiple optimizations in parallel. However, the code as written is sequential. To implement this, the code could spawn multiple processes, each running an optimization with different initial guesses. This would allow more initial guesses to be evaluated within the time budget.

But implementing multiprocessing in Python can be done with the multiprocessing module. However, the code must be self-contained and not use filesystem or network IO. So, the code can use multiprocessing to run multiple optimizations in parallel.

So, modifying the code to use multiprocessing:

- Split the initial guesses into batches.
- Run each optimization in a separate process.
- Collect the results and select the best one.

This could significantly reduce the time spent on evaluations, allowing more initial guesses to be tried.

However, the previous code's initial guesses are already numerous. Maybe this is the key to improving the result.

Another idea: the previous code's initial guesses include perturbations of the initial_h_values. Maybe generating more perturbations with different noise levels, or using a different method to generate initial guesses.

Putting this all together, here's a revised plan for the code:

- Generate a larger set of initial guesses, including more structured and random ones.
- Use multiprocessing to run optimizations in parallel, allowing more evaluations within the time budget.
- Use the 'SLSQP' method with adjusted parameters for better convergence.
- Track the best solution found during the process.

Now, implementing this in code.

First, the initial guesses: generate more structured initial guesses with different pulse numbers. For example, trying more values of num_pulses, or varying the spacing.

Second, using multiprocessing. In Python, this can be done with the multiprocessing.Pool. However, since the code is supposed to be self-contained and not use external files, this is feasible.

Third, adjusting the optimization parameters. For example, increasing the maxiter or decreasing the tolerance.

But given the time budget, it's important to balance the number of initial guesses and the time spent on each optimization.

Another consideration: the previous code's initial_h_values is provided, so starting from that might be beneficial. However, the code should also try other initial guesses to avoid local optima.

Putting all this together, here's how the code could be modified:

- Generate a larger set of initial guesses, including more structured and random ones.
- Use multiprocessing to run optimizations in parallel.
- Use the 'SLSQP' method with adjusted parameters.
- Track the best solution found.

Now, let's think about the code structure.

The previous code uses a for loop over initial_guesses, and for each guess, runs an optimization. To parallelize this, we can use multiprocessing.Pool.map or similar.

But given that the code is supposed to run within 100 seconds, and with 10 CPUs, we can run multiple optimizations in parallel.

However, the code must be written in a way that it can be run without external dependencies beyond scipy and numpy.

So, modifying the code to use multiprocessing:

Import multiprocessing.

Create a function that runs the optimization for a given initial guess.

Use a pool of workers to evaluate all initial guesses in parallel.

Collect the results and select the best one.

This would allow more initial guesses to be evaluated in the same time.

But how to handle the time budget? The code must track the elapsed time and stop when the budget is reached.

This requires that the code starts the multiprocessing, and for each worker, it runs the optimization, but the main process must monitor the elapsed time.

However, implementing this in a way that respects the time budget is complex.

Alternatively, the code can run the optimizations sequentially but with more initial guesses, but that might not be efficient.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to increase the number of initial guesses and use a different optimization method.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses by varying the number of pulses and using different structures.

For example, instead of num_pulses from 2 to 15, maybe try more values, or use a different approach to generate structured initial guesses.

Additionally, using a different method to generate random initial guesses, such as using a uniform distribution and then scaling.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. However, the previous code already uses np.correlate, which is efficient.

In conclusion, the main improvements to the previous code would be:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, including more structured and random ones.
2. Use multiprocessing to run optimizations in parallel, allowing more evaluations within the time budget.
3. Adjust the optimization parameters to improve convergence.

Now, translating this into code.

First, generating more initial guesses. For example, adding more structured initial guesses with different pulse numbers, and more random ones.

Second, using multiprocessing. However, the code must be written in a way that it can run within the time budget.

But implementing multiprocessing in the code may be complex, especially with the time tracking.

Alternatively, the code can run multiple optimizations sequentially but with more initial guesses.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to increase the number of initial guesses and use a different optimization method.

Another idea: the previous code uses the 'SLSQP' method. Maybe using the 'trust-constr' method with a more accurate gradient approximation. However, the objective function is non-differentiable, so this might not work.

Alternatively, using a smoothed version of the objective function. For example, replacing the max with a soft maximum using a temperature parameter. This would make the objective function differentiable, allowing gradient-based methods. However, this requires modifying the objective function and may complicate the code.

But given the time, perhaps this is not feasible.

In conclusion, the main changes to the previous code would be:

- Generate more initial guesses.
- Use a different optimization method or adjust parameters.
- Possibly use multiprocessing.

Now, writing the code.

First, generating more initial guesses. Let's add more structured initial guesses with different pulse numbers, maybe up to 20. Also, adding more random initial guesses.

Second, using a different optimization method. Let's try 'COBYLA' which doesn't require gradients and can handle bounds.

Third, adjusting the optimization parameters, like increasing maxiter.

But the previous code uses 'SLSQP'. Let's try changing to 'COBYLA' and see.

However, the 'COBYLA' method may not handle the constraints as well as 'SLSQP'. Alternatively, using 'L-BFGS-B' with bounds.

But without gradients, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, using 'SLSQP' with a lower tolerance and more iterations.

Another idea: the previous code's initial guesses include perturbations of the initial_h_values. Maybe generating more perturbations with different noise levels.

Putting this all together, here's the revised code:

- Generate more initial guesses.
- Use 'SLSQP' with adjusted parameters.
- Use multiprocessing to run optimizations in parallel.

But implementing multiprocessing may be complex. Let's proceed with generating more initial guesses and using 'SLSQP' with adjusted parameters.

So, modifying the previous code:

Increase the number of initial guesses by adding more structured and random ones.

For example, generate structured initial guesses for num_pulses from 2 to 20, and add more random initial guesses.

Also, adjust the optimization parameters, like increasing maxiter to 1000 and decreasing tolerance.

Additionally, use a different noise level for perturbations.

Here's the revised code:

Import necessary modules.

Define generate_perturbed_initial with different noise levels.

Generate more initial guesses, including more structured ones.

Use 'SLSQP' with adjusted parameters.

Now, let's write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import time
from scipy.optimize import minimize, LinearConstraint
from multiprocessing import Pool, cpu_count

def generate_perturbed_initial(h, noise_level=0.05):
    perturbed = h + noise_level * np.random.randn(len(h))
    perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0.0, 1.0)
    return perturbed

def generate_structured_initial(n_points, num_pulses):
    structured = np.zeros(n_points)
    pulse_indices = np.linspace(0, n_points - 1, num_pulses, endpoint=False).astype(int)
    structured[pulse_indices] = 1.0
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    current_sum = np.sum(structured)
    scaling_factor = target_sum / current_sum
    structured *= scaling_factor
    return structured

def generate_random_initial(n_points):
    random_initial = np.random.rand(n_points)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    current_sum = np.sum(random_initial)
    scaling_factor = target_sum / current_sum
    random_initial *= scaling_factor
    random_initial = np.clip(random_initial, 0.0, 1.0)
    return random_initial

def objective(h, dx, n_points):
    corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr)
    return max_corr * dx

def evaluate_solution(h, dx, n_points):
    corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr)
    return max_corr * dx

def run_optimization(guess, dx, n_points, constraints, bounds):
    def obj_func(h):
        return evaluate_solution(h, dx, n_points)
    
    result = minimize(obj_func, guess, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds, constraints=constraints,
                      tol=1e-10, options={'maxiter': 1000, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'disp': False})
    if result.success:
        return result.fun, result.x
    return float('inf'), guess

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    # Generate diverse initial guesses
    initial_guesses = [initial_h_values]
    initial_guesses.append(generate_perturbed_initial(initial_h_values, noise_level=0.01))
    initial_guesses.append(generate_perturbed_initial(initial_h_values, noise_level=0.03))
    initial_guesses.append(generate_perturbed_initial(initial_h_values, noise_level=0.05))
    initial_guesses.append(generate_perturbed_initial(initial_h_values, noise_level=0.1))
    
    for num_pulses in range(2, 21):
        initial_guesses.append(generate_structured_initial(n_points, num_pulses))
    
    initial_guesses.extend([generate_random_initial(n_points) for _ in range(10)])
    
    # Constraints
    A_eq = np.ones(n_points)
    b_eq = n_points / 2
    constraints = [LinearConstraint(A_eq, b_eq, b_eq)]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = None
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Use multiprocessing to parallelize optimizations
    with Pool(processes=min(cpu_count(), len(initial_guesses))) as pool:
        results = []
        for guess in initial_guesses:
            results.append(pool.apply_async(run_optimization, (guess, dx, n_points, constraints, bounds)))
        
        while results:
            # Check time budget
            elapsed = time.time() - start_time
            if elapsed >= budget_s:
                break
            
            # Get the next result
            result = results.pop(0)
            try:
                current_c5, current_h = result.get()
                if current_c5 < best_c5:
                    best_c5 = current_c5
                    best_h = current_h
            except Exception as e:
                pass  # Ignore any errors during optimization
    
    # Fallback to initial guess if no improvement found
    if best_h is None:
        best_h = initial_h_values
        best_c5 = evaluate_solution(best_h, dx, n_points)
    
    return (best_h, best_c5, n_points)
```