<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral. The current best is around 0.38085, and we need to get lower than that, like 0.380876. The previous code used a simulated annealing approach with a starting point based on a triangular function, but maybe there's room for improvement.

First, I need to understand the problem better. The function h(x) is a step function over [0,2], with integral 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize this maximum value, we need to design h such that it doesn't overlap too much with its shifted versions.

The previous code used a symmetric construction, with h_opt being the first half of the samples, and then mirrored. The repair function tried to adjust the values to meet the integral constraint. The optimization used simulated annealing, which might be getting stuck in local minima.

So, how can I improve this? Maybe using a different optimization strategy, like gradient-based methods or more efficient local search. Since the problem is a constrained optimization, perhaps using a constrained optimization library like scipy.optimize would help. Also, maybe starting with a different initial guess could lead to better results.

Alternatively, maybe a more structured approach based on harmonic analysis. Since the overlap integral involves shifting the function, maybe designing h to have certain periodic properties could reduce overlap. For example, using a function that's a combination of periodic functions with different frequencies, ensuring that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

Another idea is to use a more sophisticated initial guess. The initial construction was a triangular function centered at 1. Maybe exploring other shapes, like a sinusoidal function or a piecewise constant function with different regions.

Also, the previous code had a fixed number of points (n_points = 280) and used a symmetric approach. Maybe using a different number of points could be better. For example, using smaller n_points for faster computation, but ensuring enough resolution to capture the necessary structure.

Wait, the problem allows using sequences with less than 1k samples. The previous code used 280, which is okay. Maybe trying a different n_points could help. However, the optimal n_points depends on the construction.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the overlap integral. The current code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which might not be the most efficient. But the main issue is the optimization method.

The previous approach used simulated annealing, which is a metaheuristic. Maybe switching to a more efficient local optimization method, like gradient descent with constraints, could be better. Since the problem has a constraint (integral of h is 1), we can use methods that handle constraints, like Sequential Quadratic Programming (SQP) from scipy.optimize.

But how to model the problem? The variables are the h values, which are constrained between 0 and 1, and the sum of h must equal n_points / 2. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap integral over all k.

But directly minimizing the maximum is challenging. So, perhaps we can use a convex relaxation or approximate the maximum with a differentiable function. Alternatively, since the maximum is over k, maybe we can sample several k values and minimize the maximum among them, which would be a relaxation.

But this might not capture the worst-case scenario. However, for practical purposes, sampling several k values and minimizing their maximum could be a way forward.

Another thought: the overlap integral for a given k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum over k, we can think of this as a measure of how much the function overlaps with its shifted versions. So, designing h to be "spread out" in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

One approach could be to use a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged such that shifts of the function don't align the 1s and 0s too much. For example, a piecewise constant function with intervals placed to avoid overlap when shifted.

But how to balance the integral constraint? For example, if h is 1 in intervals of length a and 0 elsewhere, the integral would be a * (number of intervals), but the total length of [0,2] must be covered. However, the integral needs to be exactly 1. So maybe using multiple intervals with varying lengths.

Alternatively, consider a function that's a combination of subsets. For example, using a randomized arrangement of intervals where the function is 1 in certain regions and 0 elsewhere, such that when shifted, these regions don't overlap too much.

But how to translate that into code? Maybe use a greedy approach: start with a set of intervals, and then adjust their positions and lengths to minimize the maximum overlap. However, this seems complex.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a covering problem. The function h(x) should be such that when you shift it by any k, the overlap between h and 1 - h(x + k) is minimized. This is similar to avoiding correlations between h and its shifts.

Another angle: the overlap integral for a given k is the same as the expected value of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) over x. Since x ranges from 0 to 2, shifting by k would wrap around. Wait, but the integral is over x from 0 to 2, and h(x + k) would be evaluated for x such that x + k is in the domain [0,2]. So for k in [0, 2], the integral becomes the overlap between h and 1 - h shifted by k. 

But integrating over x, for each k, the integral is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Depending on how h is structured, this could be minimized.

Another idea: if we can find a function h that is approximately a constant function on intervals such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, using a set of intervals that are spaced apart by a certain distance, so that when shifted, they don't overlap. However, with the integral constraint, we need to balance the number of intervals and their lengths.

But how to model this? Let's consider that if h is 1 in intervals of length α, and 0 elsewhere. The integral would be α * N, where N is the number of such intervals. Since the total integral is 1, α*N =1. The total length of the intervals is α * N. But the problem is to arrange these intervals such that when shifted by k, the overlap between h and 1 - h(x +k) is minimized.

But this is getting a bit abstract. Maybe it's better to think of the function as a binary step function with some structure, and find the optimal arrangement.

Alternatively, perhaps the current approach can be improved by using a different initial guess. The previous initial guess was a triangular function, but maybe a better starting point exists. For example, a function that is 1 in certain regions and 0 in others, arranged to minimize overlap when shifted.

Wait, the previous code used an initial guess of 1 - |x - 1|, which is a triangular function centered at 1. However, this might not be optimal. Maybe starting with a different function, like a square wave or a more uniform distribution of 1's and 0's.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more random initial guess would help, but that could lead to poor convergence. However, using a better initial guess combined with a more effective optimization method could yield better results.

Another thought: the overlap integral for a given k can be expressed as ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. Expanding this gives ∫ h(x) - h(x)h(x +k) dx. The first term is ∫ h(x) dx = 1, and the second term is ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, the overlap integral is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. So, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx over k.

This is an interesting observation. The original problem is to minimize the maximum value of 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x+k) dx, which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, the problem becomes finding h that maximizes the minimal value of the cross-correlation with itself over different shifts.

Hmm. This seems like a more manageable formulation. So, the goal is to find h that maximizes the minimal overlap between h and its shifted versions. 

This suggests that the function h should be designed to have high autocorrelation at certain lags, but not too high for all lags. However, since we are to maximize the minimum, perhaps h should be structured such that its autocorrelation is as uniform as possible, avoiding peaks that are too high.

But how to translate this into a practical optimization strategy?

Maybe using a kernel-based approach where we model h as a sum of basis functions that can be adjusted to maximize the minimum autocorrelation. However, this might be complex.

Alternatively, think of the problem similar to signal processing, where we want a signal with low autocorrelation. The ideal case would be a signal with no autocorrelation except at lag 0, but that's impossible due to the integral constraint. So, perhaps designing h to have a certain structure that minimizes the maximum autocorrelation.

Another angle: since the cross-correlation is ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx, which for k=0 is ∫ h(x)^2 dx. The minimum over k is the minimal cross-correlation. We want to maximize this minimal value. 

But how to relate this to the problem? The overlap integral is 1 - this value. So, our original goal is to minimize the maximum of (1 - cross_corr), which is equivalent to maximizing the minimal cross_corr.

Thus, the problem reduces to a max-min optimization problem. 

This seems like a challenging problem. To tackle it, perhaps using a numerical optimization approach with constraints. Let's think about how to set up the optimization.

The variables are the h values. The constraints are that each h[i] is between 0 and 1, and the sum is fixed. The objective is to minimize the maximum over k of the overlap integral. 

Since this is a global optimization problem, using gradient-based methods might not be straightforward, but maybe with some approximation.

Alternatively, since the maximum is over k, we can consider that for each k, the overlap integral is 1 - cross_corr. So, we can model the objective as the maximum of these values, and we want to minimize this maximum.

But how to compute the maximum over k? For a given h, we need to compute the cross-correlation for all possible shifts k, then take the maximum, and then we want to minimize this maximum.

However, the number of possible k's is infinite. But since the function is over [0,2], the possible k's that contribute to the maximum are those where shifting by k leads to overlapping regions of h(x) and h(x +k). For example, if k is larger than 2, then the shifted function h(x +k) would be outside the domain, leading to zero contribution. Therefore, the relevant k's are in the interval [0,2].

But in practice, when using the numpy.correlate function, which computes the full convolution, the k values correspond to the different shifts. However, this approach is computationally expensive, so perhaps we need to evaluate a limited set of k's.

But in the previous code, they used the full correlation, which gives values for all shifts. However, for the current problem, the maximum over all k could be found by evaluating all possible shifts.

But for the code, the previous approach used the full correlate function, which seems correct. So, the main task is to find h that minimizes the maximum of those values.

Now, considering that the previous approach used simulated annealing, which might not be the best method. Perhaps using a more efficient optimization technique, like a genetic algorithm or a more advanced local search.

But since we are limited to a 100-second budget, we need an efficient method. Alternatively, perhaps using a combination of local and global optimization steps.

Another thought: the previous code used a symmetric initial guess. If we can find a non-symmetric initial guess that performs better, that might help. For example, a function that is 1 in certain intervals, not symmetrically placed.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more structured approach, like dividing the interval [0,2] into multiple segments, each with a certain value of h, and optimizing the positions and lengths of these segments to minimize the overlap.

For example, suppose we split [0,2] into m segments. Each segment could have a value of 1 or 0. The total integral would be the sum of the lengths of the segments where h is 1. If we have m segments, each of length a_i, then the sum of a_i must equal 1. The challenge is to choose these segments such that shifting the function by any k does not cause too much overlap.

But this is a combinatorial optimization problem, which is difficult for large m. However, for small m, it might be manageable. For example, if m is 5, the number of possible segment positions and lengths would be large but perhaps tractable with some heuristics.

Alternatively, using a continuous approach where h is a piecewise constant function with a certain number of intervals, each with a given value. The integral constraint would then be the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h is 1. 

But how to model this in code? It would require defining the positions and lengths of the intervals. This seems complex, but perhaps for the sake of experimentation, we can try a few different configurations.

Alternatively, using a more advanced optimization library. For example, using scipy.optimize with constraints. However, the problem is that the objective function is non-convex and the constraints are box constraints.

But wait, the previous code used a simulated annealing approach with a certain number of iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the cooling schedule could help. Also, using a better initial guess.

Another idea: since the current best is around 0.38085, maybe the optimal solution is close to that, and we need to find slight improvements. Therefore, using a more precise optimization method, like gradient descent, could be effective if we can approximate the gradient.

But calculating the gradient for the objective function (max over k) is challenging because of the max operation. However, if we can approximate the gradient for the specific k that gives the maximum overlap, then we can use gradient-based methods. This is similar to the "max" function being non-differentiable, but we can use the subgradient.

Alternatively, using a more robust optimization method that can handle such non-convexity, like the SLSQP method in scipy.optimize.

Let me think about how to set up the problem. Let's assume we have a function h with n_points samples. The integral constraint is that the sum of h is fixed. The variables are the h values. The objective function is the maximum of the overlap integrals over all k. To minimize this maximum.

But how to compute the overlap for all k? The previous code used numpy.correlate, which gives the cross-correlation, and then the maximum value is taken. 

So, perhaps the approach is to use a constrained optimization library that can handle the box constraints and the integral constraint. For example, using scipy.optimize.minimize with the SLSQP method, which can handle constraints.

But the problem is that the objective function is the maximum over k of the correlation values. This is a non-smooth function, which makes gradient-based methods challenging. However, if we can find for each h the k that gives the maximum correlation, then we can compute the gradient for that specific k.

But this requires knowing which k is the maximizer for the current h, which might vary during the optimization. However, for the purpose of gradient descent, we can approximate the gradient at each step by considering the current k that gives the maximum.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where we approximate the maximum by considering multiple k values and taking their maximum. For example, evaluating the overlap for a grid of k's and taking the maximum. This would be a smooth approximation, allowing gradient-based methods.

But this is getting complicated. Let's consider another angle: the previous code used a symmetric construction. What if we try an asymmetric construction? For example, placing the 1s in a non-symmetric pattern to avoid overlaps.

Alternatively, maybe using a more complex shape, like a sinusoidal function. For example, h(x) = 0.5 + 0.5 * cos(πx), which would have a certain periodicity. However, this might not meet the integral constraint. Let's check:

The integral over [0,2] of 0.5 + 0.5 * cos(πx) dx is 0.5*2 + 0.5*( (sin(π*2) - sin(0))/π ) = 1 + 0 = 1. So this function satisfies the integral constraint. 

Let's compute the overlap integral for this function. For a given k, the overlap would be ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. But with this sinusoidal function, it might have high overlap for certain k's. However, due to its periodic nature, it's possible that the maximum overlap is not too high. But this is just a hypothesis. 

But in practice, using this function as an initial guess might lead to a better result. However, the previous code's initial guess was a triangular function, which might be better. 

Alternatively, trying different initial guesses. For example, a random initial guess that satisfies the integral constraint, and then using a local optimization method from there. 

Another idea: since the previous code used a symmetric construction, perhaps the optimal solution is asymmetric. So, using a different initial guess that is not symmetric could lead to better results.

In the code, the initial guess is based on the triangular function centered at 1. But maybe starting from a uniform initial guess, where h is 0.5 for all points, but then adjusting to meet the integral constraint. Wait, sum(h) would be n_points * 0.5, which would be n_points / 2, which is the required integral. So, for 280 points, that's 140. So, the initial guess could be all 0.5. But this would have a high overlap with any shifted version, leading to high C5. So probably not a good initial guess. 

Alternatively, using a uniform distribution of 1s and 0s. For example, placing m intervals where h is 1, each of length a, such that the total is 1. The more intervals, the less overlap. However, the exact positioning is tricky.

But with 280 points, each interval could be about 280/ (2 * m) points long, but I need to compute this properly. 

Alternatively, using a combination of intervals placed in such a way that their shifts don't overlap. For example, placing intervals spaced apart by certain distances. But again, this is more of a combinatorial problem.

Let me think about how to code this. Perhaps for the initial guess, we can use a random distribution of 1s and 0s, but ensuring the sum is correct. Then use a local optimization method from there.

But how to ensure the sum is correct? For example, if we randomly choose m positions to set to 1, and the rest to 0. But m would be determined by the integral constraint. Since each point has value 0 or 1, the sum is m. So, for integral 1, m must be n_points / 2. Wait, no. Because each sample point is a value between 0 and 1. So for the initial guess, if we set half of the samples to 1 and the other half to 0, then the integral would be (n_points / 2) * 1 * dx = (n_points / 2) * (2 / n_points) ) = 1. So this satisfies the integral constraint. 

Ah! So, if we create an initial guess where exactly half of the samples are 1 and half are 0, then the integral is 1. This is a valid initial guess. So maybe using a random binary initial guess (50-50), and then optimizing from there.

But this could be a good starting point. The overlap integral for this function would be the maximum over k of the correlation between the binary function and itself shifted by k. For example, for a binary function with random placement, the correlation might be low for most shifts. 

But using a binary function might lead to better results. However, the previous code used a continuous function, which might be better. 

But perhaps trying both approaches. For example, generate a random binary initial guess, then run local optimization. 

Alternatively, combining the previous approach with this idea. For example, using a binary initial guess and then applying a gradient-based optimization from there.

However, for the code, we need to generate the initial guess. Let's think about how to code that. For the initial guess, we could generate an array of 0s and 1s, with exactly n_points / 2 ones, and the rest zeros. This can be done by creating an array of 0.5, then randomly setting half of them to 0 and the other half to 1. But wait, for even n_points, this is possible. For example, for 280 points, 140 ones and 140 zeros. 

So, in code:

np.random.seed(seed)
initial_h = np.zeros(n_points)
initial_h[np.random.choice(n_points, n_points//2, replace=False)] = 1

But this would create a binary initial guess. 

But then, how to optimize from there. 

Alternatively, using this as the starting point for simulated annealing, which might lead to better results. 

But in the previous code, the initial guess was a continuous function. So, changing the initial guess to a binary function might lead to different results. 

Another thing to consider is that the previous code used a repair step to adjust the perturbed h to meet the integral constraint. For a binary function, this step is unnecessary because it already satisfies the integral constraint. However, when perturbing, due to random noise, the sum might change. 

So, maybe the repair function could be adjusted to ensure that for binary functions, we maintain the correct number of ones. For example, if the perturbed h has sum not equal to n_points / 2, then adjust by flipping some bits to restore the sum. 

But this might complicate the code. 

Alternatively, using a different optimization method that maintains the integral constraint more naturally. For example, using a constrained optimization method that ensures the sum remains correct. 

In the previous code, the repair function was used to adjust the perturbed h to meet the integral constraint. However, this approach may not be effective in all cases. 

Given the time constraints, perhaps modifying the previous code to use a different initial guess could help. For example, starting with a random binary initial guess and then applying a more efficient optimization method. 

But given that the previous code used simulated annealing, which is a heuristic, and the time budget is tight, perhaps combining the binary initial guess with a more sophisticated local search could be better.

Alternatively, another idea: since the overlap integral is related to the autocorrelation, perhaps the optimal function h should have a certain smoothness, like a sinusoidal function, which has low autocorrelation except at zero. However, this requires more analysis. 

But in practice, perhaps generating a sinusoidal function as the initial guess could be beneficial. For example, h(x) = A * cos(2πx / T) + 0.5, where T is the period. The integral would be adjusted to meet the constraint. 

But this is getting into more complex functions. 

Given the complexity of the problem and time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to try different initial guesses and parameters for the optimization. For example:

- Use the previous initial guess (triangular) or a random initial guess.
- Use a different optimization method, like the SLSQP method in scipy.optimize.
- Adjust the number of iterations and cooling rates.

Alternatively, since the previous code's result was 0.381277, which is slightly higher than the current best, we need to find a way to improve it.

Another idea: the previous code used a symmetric construction. If we can find an asymmetric construction that has better overlap properties, that might help. For example, placing the 1s in such a way that their shifted versions don't overlap much.

But how to model this? For example, placing the 1s in such a way that each 1 is spaced apart from others. For example, without overlapping when shifted. But this might not be possible due to the integral constraint.

In summary, possible steps for improvement:

1. Try a new initial guess, like a binary one or a sinusoidal function.
2. Use a different optimization method, such as SLSQP or a genetic algorithm.
3. Improve the repair function to maintain constraints more effectively.
4. Use a different number of points (n_points) for better resolution or faster computation.
5. Adjust the optimization parameters, like the number of iterations or cooling rate.

Considering that the previous code used 280 points and a symmetric initial guess, maybe using more points could be useful, but with a 100-second budget, perhaps using a smaller number of points is better.

Alternatively, sticking with 280 points but improving the optimization.

Another thought: the previous code used simulated annealing, which is a black-box optimization. Perhaps using a different optimization technique, like differential evolution or genetic algorithms, could explore the search space more effectively.

However, implementing these methods in code may take time, and given the time constraints, perhaps sticking with a more refined heuristics-based approach is better.

In the previous code, the simulated annealing used a cooling rate of 0.995, which is standard. Perhaps adjusting the number of iterations or the initial temperature can lead to better results. 

For example, increasing the number of iterations, but this might take more time. However, the previous code had 5000 iterations, which in 100 seconds might be sufficient.

Another consideration: the repair function in the previous code might not be optimal. For example, when perturbing the values, it uses a weighted repair that prioritizes certain indices. Perhaps a different repair mechanism could maintain the constraints better.

Alternatively, for the binary initial guess, the repair is not needed, as the sum is already correct. So in that case, the repair function can be omitted, leading to faster evaluations.

Putting this together, the plan is:

- Use a random binary initial guess (50-50), which satisfies the integral constraint.
- Apply a simulated annealing with a different cooling schedule or more iterations.
- Use the same compute_overlap function as before.
- Ensure the code is efficient to run within the time budget.

But how to code this?

Let me outline the steps in code:

1. Import necessary libraries.
2. Define the run function with the given parameters.
3. Set n_points (e.g., 280).
4. If initial_h_values is provided, use it, else generate a random binary initial guess.
5. Define the compute_overlap function as before.
6. Apply simulated annealing from the initial guess, with the following steps:
   a. Perturb the current solution with noise.
   b. Check the integral constraint (for binary it's not needed, but for continuous cases, it is).
   c. Compute the overlap.
   d. Accept the new solution based on the acceptance probability.

However, generating a binary initial guess is straightforward. For example:

h_opt = np.zeros(n_points, dtype=float)
indices = np.random.choice(n_points, n_points//2, replace=False)
h_opt[indices] = 1.0

But for the code, we need to ensure that sum(h_opt) * dx = 1. Since dx = 2 / n_points, and sum(h_opt) = n_points / 2, then sum*h*dx = (n_points / 2) * (2 / n_points) = 1, which is correct.

So, this initial guess is valid.

In this case, the repair function can be omitted, since the sum is already correct. However, when perturbing, if the noise changes the sum, we need to adjust it. For example, after adding noise to the current_h_opt, we need to ensure that the sum remains correct. 

But for a binary function, perturbing with noise would change the values to something between 0 and 1, not just 0 and 1. However, for a binary function, the repair would need to restore the correct number of 1s and 0s. This could be more complex.

Alternatively, for the binary case, when perturbing, we might want to keep the values as binary. For example, after adding noise, round to nearest integer and adjust to maintain the correct sum.

But this complicates the code. Perhaps, to keep it simple, for the binary initial guess, the code can perturb the values by adding noise and then rounding to 0 or 1, ensuring the sum remains correct.

But this might not be the best approach, as the perturbations could be too large. However, for the sake of experimentation, let's proceed.

In the previous code, the repair function didn't take into account the binary nature. For the binary case, we can define a different repair mechanism.

Alternatively, since the binary initial guess is already valid, perhaps the repair function isn't needed, and the perturbations could be handled by ensuring that the sum remains correct. But this is not straightforward.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a binary initial guess and see if it yields better results. If not, revert to the original initial guess.

So, modifying the code to generate a random binary initial guess and then perform the same simulated annealing steps, but without the repair function (since the sum is already correct). However, when perturbing, the noise could change the values, so the repair function would be needed to restore the sum.

But the previous code's repair function is for continuous values. For binary, this approach might not work. Hence, perhaps the repair function should be adapted to handle binary values, which would require different logic.

This is getting complex. Perhaps the previous initial guess is better for a continuous function. Let me try another approach.

Another idea: the current best C5 is 0.38085. The previous code achieved 0.381277, which is slightly worse. To improve this, maybe trying a different initial guess, such as one that is more spread out. For example, using a function that is 1 in certain intervals, spaced apart.

But how to implement this? For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into several regions. For example, if we use 5 regions, each with h(x) = 1 for a certain length, and 0 elsewhere. The total length of the 1 regions must be 1.

Assuming the interval is divided into m regions, each of length a_i, sum of a_i = 1. For simplicity, assuming equal lengths, each a_i = 1/m. Placing them in such a way that their shifts don't overlap too much. However, this is just an idea.

But implementing this in code would require generating the h values for such a configuration, which may not be straightforward.

Alternatively, perhaps using a combination of the previous code's initial guess and a new one. 

Another plan: try increasing the number of iterations in the simulated annealing to 10,000 or more, but this may take more time. However, the previous code had 5000 iterations, which in 100 seconds might be sufficient.

In conclusion, the main changes to consider are:

1. Using a different initial guess.
2. Adjusting the optimization parameters.
3. Improving the repair function.
4. Trying different optimization methods.

Based on these considerations, here's a plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values if available, or generate a random binary initial guess.
- Use a more effective optimization method, like a different version of simulated annealing.
- Improve the repair function to handle constraint violations.
- Profile the code to ensure it runs within the time budget.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import time
import scipy.optimize as opt

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    import numpy as np
    import time
    import scipy.optimize as opt
    
    n_points = 280
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    integral_target = n_points / 2
    
    if 'initial_h_values' in globals():
        h_initial = np.array(initial_h_values)
        h_opt = h_initial[:n_points//2]
    else:
        np.random.seed(seed)
        h_opt = np.zeros(n_points, dtype=np.float64)
        indices = np.random.choice(n_points, n_points // 2, replace=False)
        h_opt[indices] = 1.0
    
    def compute_overlap(h):
        h_full = np.concatenate([h, h[::-1]])
        corr = np.correlate(h_full, 1 - h_full, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    def objective(x):
        h = x.copy()
        h[h < 0] = 0
        h[h > 1] = 1
        h /= np.sum(h) / integral_target
        return compute_overlap(h)
    
    def constraint(x):
        return np.sum(x) - integral_target
    
    bounds = [(0, 1) for _ in range(n_points)]
    cons = {'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint}
    
    start_time = time.time()
    result = opt.minimize(objective, h_opt, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds, constraints=cons, tol=1e-4, options={'maxiter': 500})
    
    elapsed = time.time() - start_time
    if elapsed > budget_s:
        return np.concatenate([result.x[:n_points//2], result.x[:n_points//2][::-1]]), result.fun, n_points
    
    return np.concatenate([result.x[:n_points//2], result.x[:n_points//2][::-1]]), result.fun, n_points
```