<think>
Okay, I need to tackle this problem of finding a better upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The user has provided a previous code that uses a simulated annealing approach with a specific initial guess. My task is to improve upon that. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem is about finding a step function h: [0,2] → [0,1] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The constraints are that the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1, and h(x) is between 0 and 1. The overlap integral is computed using cross-correlation, and I need to find a function h that makes this maximum value as small as possible.

The previous code used simulated annealing, which is a local search method with some randomness to escape local minima. However, the user mentioned that the current best is around 0.38085, and the goal is to get lower than that. The previous implementation used 280 points and achieved a C₅ of 0.381277. So there's room for improvement.

Let me think about possible improvements. The initial approach might be stuck in a local optimum, so perhaps using a different starting point or a different optimization algorithm could help. Also, the hyperparameters in the previous code, like the cooling rate, temperature, and noise parameters, might be tuned differently for better results.

Another idea is to use a different optimization strategy. For example, genetic algorithms or particle swarm optimization (PSO) could be considered. However, since the user mentioned that the previous code uses simulated annealing, maybe a more efficient local search with better exploration is needed.

Alternatively, perhaps using a gradient-based method with constraints. But since the problem is non-convex, gradient methods might get stuck. However, combining gradient descent with some form of constraint handling could be useful.

Wait, the problem involves minimizing the maximum of several integrals. This is a min-max optimization problem. It's challenging because the maximum can be over many different shifts (k), so the objective function is non-smooth and multimodal. Simulated annealing is one way to handle such problems, but maybe there's a better way.

Another thought: the previous code uses a repair function to maintain the integral constraint. Maybe improving that repair function could help. For instance, instead of just clipping and scaling, maybe using a more efficient method to maintain the integral constraint while moving towards better solutions.

Also, the previous code uses a specific initial guess. If I can find a better starting point, that might lead to a better solution. The user mentioned that the initial_h_values are available, so perhaps modifying that initial guess or using a different one could help.

Let me consider the structure of the previous code. It starts with an initial h_opt, then performs a simulated annealing loop where each candidate solution is perturbed, repaired, and evaluated. The repair function ensures that the integral constraint is satisfied. However, the perturbation might be too small, leading to slow convergence. Maybe increasing the noise magnitude or using different perturbation strategies could help.

Alternatively, using a different cooling schedule. The previous code uses a cooling rate of 0.995, which is quite slow. Maybe a faster initial cooling rate, with a later slowdown, could allow more exploration early on.

Also, the overlap integral is computed using cross-correlation. The previous code computes this as np.correlate(h_full, 1 - h_full, mode='full') * dx. The maximum of this is the C₅ value. To minimize this, the function h should be designed such that when shifted, the overlap with 1 - h is minimized. So, h should be as spread out as possible to avoid overlapping much with its shifted versions.

Perhaps a better approach is to design h to be a periodic function that minimizes overlap, but since the domain is [0,2], it's a bit tricky. For example, if h has a certain pattern that repeats every certain interval, but given the integral constraint, it's not straightforward.

Wait, the previous code uses a triangular-like shape for the initial guess. Maybe trying different shapes, like a sine wave or square wave, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint. However, since the function is a step function (discretized into samples), it's more about the placement of the steps.

Another idea: instead of local search with simulated annealing, use a more global optimization technique. For example, using a genetic algorithm where each individual is a vector of h values, and the fitness is the C₅ value. Then, perform selection, crossover, and mutation to evolve better solutions. However, genetic algorithms can be computationally expensive, but given the budget of 100 seconds, maybe with a smaller population size and careful parameters, it could work.

Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach, where particles represent candidate h functions, and their positions are updated based on their own best and global best solutions. The PSO might explore the search space more effectively than simulated annealing.

But how to implement this efficiently? Let's think about the constraints. The main constraint is that the integral of h is 1. So, when generating new candidate solutions during PSO, we need to ensure that the integral is maintained. This could be done by scaling the perturbed solution to meet the constraint.

Alternatively, maybe using a convex hull method, but that might not be applicable here.

Another thought: the previous code uses a repair function that sorts the values and redistributes them. Maybe modifying that repair function to be more aggressive or to use a different method, such as adjusting the values in a way that's more likely to satisfy the integral constraint while also improving the overlap.

Wait, in the previous code, the repair function sorts the indices based on their distance from the center, then reassigns the sorted values to those positions. Maybe this can be adjusted to better balance the integral.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more sophisticated method to maintain the integral. For example, when perturbing the solution, after the perturbation, adjust the values to ensure the integral is correct, perhaps by using a Lagrange multiplier approach.

But how to implement that efficiently? For each candidate, after the perturbation, compute the sum and scale it to match the target. That's what the previous code does, but maybe there's a way to make it more efficient.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe using a different objective function. For example, instead of just the maximum, use the average overlap, but that's not the same as the problem's requirement. However, perhaps using a different metric during the optimization could guide the search better.

Alternatively, I could try using a gradient-based optimization method with constraints. For example, using the scipy.optimize library's constrained optimization functions. However, since the objective is non-convex, gradient methods might not work well, but with some modifications, maybe it's possible.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the simulated annealing approach is more feasible. Let me consider modifying the parameters of the previous code. For example, increasing the number of iterations, adjusting the noise magnitude, changing the cooling rate, or using a different initial guess.

Wait, the user mentioned that the previous code's best result was 0.381277, and the target is 0.380876. So, even a small improvement would be better. Maybe the simulated annealing can be made more effective by adjusting the hyperparameters.

In the previous code, the noise is added as a normal distribution with mean 0 and standard deviation 0.015. Maybe increasing this standard deviation could allow more exploration, but it might also lead to worse solutions. Alternatively, using a different noise distribution, like a uniform distribution, could help.

Another idea: instead of a fixed cooling schedule, use a dynamic cooling schedule based on the progress of the optimization. For example, if the solution is improving, cool more slowly; if it's not improving, cool more quickly to escape local minima.

Also, the repair function might be too restrictive. For example, in the repair function, the code first sorts the values based on their distance from the center, then assigns the sorted values to those positions. Maybe a different way of repairing could allow for better solutions. For instance, instead of sorting by distance from the center, perhaps sorting by the current h values and then redistributing them in a way that maintains the integral.

Alternatively, during the repair step, instead of a fixed method, use a more flexible approach. For example, after perturbation, calculate the current sum and adjust the values by adding or subtracting a small amount to meet the integral constraint. However, this might be more complicated.

Alternatively, the repair function could use a more efficient method, such as using a Lagrange multiplier to adjust the values. But that might be computationally heavy.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=280). Maybe reducing the number of points could speed up the optimization and allow for faster exploration. However, the user said that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So, perhaps using n_points=140 or 200 would be better.

But the user's previous code used n_points=280. Maybe trying a different n_points could help. However, the user's note says that smaller sequences are preferred for speed, so possibly reducing the number of points could be better.

Wait, the current code has a function called evaluate_erdos_solution(), which might be a pre-imported helper. The initial_h_values is available if a parent construction exists. So, maybe improving the initial guess by using a different pattern or adjusting the initial h could help.

The initial guess in the previous code is a triangular shape, then mirrored. Maybe trying a different initial shape, like a square wave with certain properties, could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a more uniform distribution of h values. But the integral must be 1, so over [0,2], the average value of h is 0.5. However, varying the shape could help in minimizing the overlap.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is maximized over all k, the optimal h should be such that it has as little overlap with its shifted versions as possible. This suggests that h should be designed to have regions where it is high, but in a way that when shifted, those regions don't align with the regions where 1-h is high. This is similar to a periodic function with certain spacing.

For example, if h is high in some intervals and low in others, but arranged so that when shifted, the high regions don't overlap with the low regions of 1-h. This is similar to a pattern where h is a sequence of pulses that are spaced in a way to minimize overlap with themselves.

This could be achieved by a function that is high for certain intervals and low for others, arranged periodically. For example, if h has a certain periodicity, then shifting by that period would not cause overlap. However, since the domain is [0,2], the exact periodicity would need to fit within that interval.

But since h is a step function, perhaps using a pattern where the high regions are spaced such that their shifts do not overlap. For example, a function that is high for [0, a], [1, 1+a], etc., but this needs to be adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

But how to translate this into code? Maybe using a symmetric pattern, like a square wave with certain frequency.

Alternatively, considering the problem's similarity to a two-dimensional problem where h is like a binary matrix and the overlap is the dot product with a shifted version. This is similar to the problem of designing a binary matrix with minimal maximum overlap when shifted.

In such cases, optimal designs often involve aperiodic patterns, but I'm not sure. However, for the step function case, maybe a specific pattern could be better.

But given that the previous code uses a symmetric triangular shape, perhaps modifying it to have more uniform intervals could help. For example, instead of a single triangle, using multiple smaller steps.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a covering problem: ensuring that the function h is as spread out as possible to minimize overlap with any shift.

Another idea: the current repair function uses a method that sorts the values based on their position and then reassigns the sorted values. This might lead to a solution that is too uniform, which may not be optimal. Perhaps modifying the repair function to allow for more variance in the h values while maintaining the integral constraint.

But how to do that? Maybe instead of fixing the sum, the repair function could use a different method, such as adjusting the values in a way that maintains the sum while allowing for more variation.

Another aspect: the previous code uses a full cross-correlation, which includes all possible shifts. However, the maximum value of this cross-correlation is the C₅ value. Perhaps focusing on certain shifts that are more critical could help, but that might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, using a different way to evaluate the C₅ value. For example, computing the cross-correlation for all possible k and taking the maximum. The current code does this via np.correlate, which might be efficient enough for the given budget.

Now, thinking about code modifications. The previous code uses a simulated annealing approach with a specific initial guess. To improve this, perhaps changing the initial guess and adjusting the parameters of the algorithm.

For instance, using a different initial guess could provide a better starting point. The user mentioned that initial_h_values is available, so I can use that directly. If I can slightly modify that initial guess, perhaps it could lead to better results.

Alternatively, trying a different initial guess, like a more uniform distribution. For example, setting h to be a step function that alternates between 0.5 and 0.5, but that would not meet the integral constraint. Wait, the integral must be 1 over [0,2], which implies that the average value is 0.5. So any initial guess must average to 0.5.

Perhaps using a simple pattern where h is 1 for a certain portion of the domain and 0 elsewhere. For example, if h is 1 on [0,1] and 0 on [1,2], the integral is 1, which meets the constraint. But this would likely result in a high C₅ value because when shifted by 0.5, the overlap would be 0.5 * 0.5 = 0.25. However, perhaps other shifts would have higher overlap. This is just an example, but maybe a better pattern exists.

However, this seems to be a crude approach. The previous code uses a more sophisticated initial guess, which might be better.

So, perhaps the key is to improve the simulated annealing parameters. Let me think about the parameters:

- The noise is 0.015 standard deviation. Maybe increasing it to 0.02 or 0.03 could allow for more exploration, but might also lead to instability.

- The cooling rate is 0.995, which is very slow. Maybe reducing the cooling rate to something like 0.99 or faster, but with a higher initial temperature and then slowing down.

- The number of iterations is set to 5000. Maybe increasing this number could allow for better exploration, but with the given time budget, it's limited.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the entire solution with Gaussian noise, perhaps using a different mutation strategy. For example, flipping individual points to 0 or 1, but this could be too disruptive. Alternatively, using a binary search approach to adjust individual points.

But given the time, perhaps modifying the simulated annealing code to use different parameters and a different initial guess could be the way to go.

Also, the repair function is important. The previous code's repair function tries to adjust the h values to maintain the integral constraint. It sorts the positions based on their distance from the center, then assigns the sorted values. Maybe modifying this to use a different sorting criterion.

For example, instead of sorting by distance from the center, maybe sorting by the current h values and adjusting them to maintain the integral. But how?

Alternatively, during the repair step, after perturbation, compute the current sum and then scale the values to meet the target. For example, if the sum is S, then multiply each value by (target_sum / S). This ensures that the sum is correct. However, this approach could lead to extreme values if some values are very high or low. For instance, if the perturbation makes some values very high, scaling them would keep the sum correct but might not be optimal.

But the previous code does this, using a repair function that sorts the values and redistributes them. Maybe adjusting the way the repair is done could help. For example, instead of using the sorted positions, using a more balanced approach.

Alternatively, during the repair, instead of redistributing the sorted values, we could adjust individual values to balance the sum while trying to maintain the function's shape. This might be more complex.

Another thought: the repair function in the previous code could be making the solution too uniform, thus leading to higher overlap. Maybe finding a way to maintain the sum while allowing for more variance in the h values could help. For instance, allocating more high and low values in a way that reduces the maximum overlap.

But how to implement that? Perhaps during the repair step, allowing for some variation in the values while maintaining the sum. However, this might be challenging.

Alternatively, the previous code's repair function might be too restrictive. For example, it first sorts the positions based on their distance from the center, then sorts the values and assigns them to those positions. This could lead to a solution that is more symmetric, which might not be optimal.

To test this idea, perhaps modifying the repair function to use a different sorting criterion. For example, instead of distance from the center, use the current value of h at that position to sort. Or, perhaps use a random permutation.

But without knowing the exact impact, it's hard to say. Maybe experimenting with different repair strategies could help, but since this is a code to be written, I need to find a way to implement it.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. The previous code uses an initial guess that is a triangular shape. Maybe a better initial guess could be generated by using a more spread-out pattern.

For example, if the initial h is a step function that is high in certain intervals and low in others, but arranged to minimize overlap. For instance, if h is high in the first third and the last third of the interval, and low in the middle. This would create a pattern where when shifted, the overlap with 1-h might be lower.

But how to generate such a pattern algorithmically? For example, using a piecewise function that has certain regions set to 1 and others set to 0, ensuring the integral is 1.

However, this might be more complex to implement in code, especially for a large number of points.

Another angle: the previous code uses a full cross-correlation, but maybe there are certain shifts that contribute more to the maximum value. For instance, shifts by 0.5 or 1.0. Maybe focusing on optimizing for these specific shifts could lead to a better solution. However, this might not capture all possibilities and could lead to a suboptimal solution.

Alternatively, during the evaluation, precompute the most critical shifts and focus the optimization on those. But again, this might not be efficient.

Considering the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the parameters of the simulated annealing algorithm. For example:

- Increase the number of iterations.
- Use a different noise distribution.
- Adjust the cooling rate.
- Change the repair function's parameters.

Also, using a different initial guess. The user mentioned that initial_h_values is available, so perhaps using that as the initial guess is better than the triangular shape.

Wait, the code in the previous example starts by checking if 'initial_h_values' is available and uses it. So, if that initial guess is good, then modifying it could help. However, the previous code's initial guess is a triangular shape, which might not be optimal.

Another idea is to use the initial_h_values provided. For example, if the initial_h_values is a known good guess, then using that as the starting point for the optimization could lead to better results. However, the user says to use the initial_h_values directly if available.

So, assuming that the initial_h_values is a good starting point, perhaps the previous code's approach is on the right track, but the parameters need adjustment.

Let me consider modifying the cooling schedule. The previous code uses a cooling rate of 0.995, which is very slow. Maybe using a faster initial cooling rate, but then slowing down over time. For example, starting with a higher temperature, allowing larger steps initially, then cooling down.

Also, the noise magnitude is 0.015. Maybe increasing this to 0.02 or 0.03 during early iterations, then reducing it as the algorithm progresses.

Another point: in the previous code, the repair function may not be effective enough. For instance, when the perturbation is applied, the repair function scales the values to meet the integral constraint. But perhaps this leads to solutions that are too uniform, which is not optimal. Maybe a better repair function could allow for more variance while maintaining the constraint.

Alternatively, during the repair, instead of redistributing the sorted values, randomly adjust individual values to meet the constraint. For example, if the sum is too low, find values to increase, and vice versa. However, this might be more computationally intensive.

But without knowing the exact effect, it's hard to say. Given the time, perhaps adjusting the parameters and the initial guess is the most feasible way.

So, to summarize, the plan is:

1. Use the initial_h_values if available as the starting guess.
2. Adjust the simulated annealing parameters to allow for better exploration and exploitation.
3. Modify the repair function to better maintain the integral constraint while allowing for necessary variance.
4. Increase the number of iterations or adjust the cooling schedule to allow for better convergence.

Now, translating this into code. The code should be concise and adhere to the constraints. Here's the plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values if available.
- Use a larger number of points (maybe n_points=280 as before, but check).
- Adjust the cooling rate and noise parameters.
- Increase the number of iterations within the budget.

Let me adjust the code accordingly. For example, in the previous code, the noise is added with a standard deviation of 0.015. Maybe increasing this to 0.02 would allow more exploration. Also, the cooling rate is 0.995, which is very slow. Maybe using a cooling rate of 0.99 for the first few steps, then 0.995 afterwards. Alternatively, using a smaller cooling rate initially.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed initial temperature, compute the initial temperature based on the initial guess's C₅ value. This could help in setting the right initial temperature for the simulated annealing.

Additionally, the repair function might be improved. The previous code uses a method that sorts the positions and assigns sorted values. Maybe this can be modified to have a different sorting criterion or a more efficient way.

But given the time, I'll proceed by modifying the parameters of the previous code, possibly increasing the number of iterations, adjusting the cooling rate, and the noise parameters.

Here's how the code could be modified:

- Increase the number of iterations (max_iters) to 10,000, but within the 100-second budget.
- Adjust the initial temperature based on the initial C₅ value.
- Use a larger noise parameter for the early iterations.
- Maybe adjust the repair function to use a different method.

But since the previous code has a certain structure, I'll try to build upon it, modifying the hyperparameters and initial setup.

Now, considering the previous code's structure, I'll adjust the parameters such as the noise magnitude, cooling rate, and number of iterations. Also, perhaps using a higher initial temperature.

Another point: the previous code uses a repair function that sorts the positions based on their distance from the center. Maybe this can be changed to a different sorting method.

However, without knowing the exact impact, the code will be based on the previous structure with some tweaks.

Finally, the code must return h_values, c5_bound, and n_points. So, after all modifications, the code should be written accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    start_time = time.time()
    n_points = 280  # Optimal resolution for performance and precision
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    integral_target = n_points / 4  # Ensure integral constraint

    if 'initial_h_values' in globals():
        h_opt = np.array(initial_h_values)[:n_points // 2]
    else:
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        h = np.clip(1 - np.abs(x - 1), 0, 1)
        h_opt = np.concatenate([h[:n_points // 2], h[:n_points // 2][::-1]])[:n_points // 2]

    def compute_overlap(h):
        h_full = np.clip(np.concatenate([h, h[::-1]]), 0, 1)
        corr = np.correlate(h_full, 1 - h_full, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def repair_h(h, target):
        n = len(h)
        sorted_idx = np.argsort(np.abs(2 * np.arange(n) - (n - 1)))
        weights = np.abs(2 * np.arange(n) - (n - 1)) + 1
        weights_norm = weights / np.sum(weights)
        sorted_vals = np.sort(h)
        h_corrected = np.zeros_like(h)
        for i in range(n):
            pos = n - 1 - np.abs(n - 1 - sorted_idx[i])
            h_corrected[i] = sorted_vals[min(max(int(pos), 0), n - 1)]
        h_clipped = np.clip(h_corrected, 0, 1)
        if np.sum(h_clipped) > 0:
            h_scaled = h_clipped * (target / np.sum(h_clipped))
        else:
            h_scaled = np.zeros_like(h_clipped)
        return np.clip(h_scaled, 0, 1)

    best_h = h_opt.copy()
    best_c5 = compute_overlap(best_h)

    # Adaptive cooling strategy
    current_temp = 0.5
    cooling_rate = 0.998
    iter_count = 0
    max_iters = 8000  # Increased for better convergence

    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s - 1 and iter_count < max_iters:
        iter_count += 1
        noise = np.random.normal(0, 0.02, n_points // 2)
        candidate = np.clip(h_opt + noise, 0, 1)
        candidate = repair_h(candidate, integral_target)
        candidate_c5 = compute_overlap(candidate)

        if candidate_c5 < best_c5 or np.random.rand() < np.exp((best_c5 - candidate_c5) / current_temp):
            best_h = candidate
            best_c5 = candidate_c5
        current_temp *= cooling_rate

    h_full = np.clip(np.concatenate([best_h, best_h[::-1]]), 0, 1)
    elapsed = time.time() - start_time
    return h_full, best_c5, n_points
```