<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is around 0.38092, and we need to get it down to 0.380876 or lower. The previous code uses a local optimization approach with SLSQP, but maybe we can do better.

First, I need to understand the problem better. The function h is a step function over [0,2], with integral 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Our task is to minimize this maximum value.

The previous code uses a random initial guess and perturbations, then runs SLSQP optimization. But maybe that's too local and gets stuck in a local minimum. Also, the initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which might not be optimal.

Let me think about the lessons mentioned. One lesson was to normalize the sum of h during optimization. The previous code does that implicitly by constraining the sum. But maybe there's a way to improve that.

Another idea: perhaps using a different optimization method. SLSQP might not be the best here. Maybe a genetic algorithm or particle swarm optimization could explore the search space better. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, maybe a more efficient approach is needed.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a coordinate descent approach, where we iteratively adjust each h[i] to minimize the maximum overlap. But how?

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem. We want h to be such that when shifted by any k, the overlap with 1 - h is minimized. So maybe h should be designed to avoid overlaps with itself when shifted. This might suggest a periodic or symmetric structure.

Wait, the current initial_h_values has n=95 points. Maybe starting with a different initial guess could help. For example, using a more structured initial guess, like a piecewise constant function with certain patterns.

But how to generate such a structure? Maybe using a binary or ternary pattern. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 0 or 1, but ensuring the integral is 1. However, with 95 points, it's more complex. Maybe using a more sophisticated initial guess, like a function that alternates between high and low values in a way that minimizes overlap.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is maximized over k, perhaps we can model this as a minimax problem. We need to find h that minimizes the maximum of these integrals. This is a convex optimization problem? Not sure. The integrals are linear in h, but the maximum is not. So it's a convex-concave problem, which might be challenging.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a gradient-based method with a better initialization. The previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe adding more constraints or using a different optimization method could help.

Wait, the previous code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. Maybe that initial guess is not optimal. Perhaps generating a better initial guess could lead to better results. For example, using a more structured initial guess based on known optimal patterns for similar problems.

Another observation: the current best C₅ is around 0.38, and the target is 0.380876. So we need to find a h that reduces this value by about 0.00004. That's a very small improvement, so the optimization needs to be very precise.

Maybe using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can explore the search space more effectively. However, implementing Bayesian optimization might be complex.

Alternatively, using a multi-start optimization with a better initial guess. The previous code does 20 restarts, but maybe increasing that number or using different perturbations could help. Also, maybe using a different optimization method like Nelder-Mead or COBYLA.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. If we can find a way to escape local minima, that would help. Maybe combining multiple optimization methods or using a hybrid approach.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a penalty method where we penalize the maximum overlap. However, the maximum is a non-smooth function, making it difficult to optimize.

Alternatively, we can approximate the maximum by considering a few key shifts k. For example, instead of considering all possible k, focus on the k's that are most likely to give the maximum. But how to determine those k's?

Alternatively, using a grid search over possible k values. However, with the continuous nature of the problem, this might not be feasible.

Hmm. Let's think about the previous code's approach. It uses a random initial guess and perturbations. Maybe the problem is that the initial guess is not good enough. Let's try to generate a better initial guess.

For example, perhaps the optimal h is a piecewise constant function with certain intervals. Let's consider dividing the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 0 or 1. However, with the integral constraint, we need to have exactly half the area. For example, if we have m intervals where h is 1 and the rest 0, then the total area would be m * dx. Since dx = 2/n_points, m must be n_points / 2. But n_points is 95, which is odd. So maybe that's not possible. Alternatively, using a more complex structure.

Alternatively, maybe using a function that has a certain periodicity. For example, a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx, this can be rewritten as the integral over x of h(x) - h(x)h(x + k) dx. The first term is the integral of h(x), which is 1. The second term is the integral of h(x)h(x + k). So the overlap integral is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, the problem is to minimize the maximum over k of [1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx], which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. So our goal is to maximize the minimum of the cross-correlation between h and itself.

Wait, that's an interesting perspective. So the problem becomes finding h such that the minimum cross-correlation (over k) is as large as possible. Because the original C₅ is the maximum of 1 - cross_corr, so minimizing C₅ is equivalent to maximizing the minimum cross-correlation.

This suggests that we need to design h such that its cross-correlation with itself is as large as possible for all shifts k. This is similar to designing a function with high autocorrelation, which is a common problem in signal processing.

In signal processing, a function with high autocorrelation is called a "pulse" or "window function". However, we need the opposite: a function that has low autocorrelation for all shifts except possibly zero. Wait, no. Wait, our goal is to maximize the minimum cross-correlation. So we want that for all k, the cross-correlation is at least some value, and we want to maximize that value. So the function h should be such that when shifted, it overlaps as much as possible with itself. Wait, but the original problem is to minimize the maximum of 1 - cross_corr. So if cross_corr is large, then 1 - cross_corr is small. Therefore, we want cross_corr to be as large as possible for all k. Wait, but the maximum of 1 - cross_corr is minimized when the minimum cross_corr is maximized. So yes, we need to maximize the minimum cross-correlation over all shifts k.

This seems like a problem related to designing a function with high minimum cross-correlation. In coding theory, this is similar to designing codes with certain correlation properties. However, I'm not sure about the exact methods here.

But this perspective might help us think about how to construct h. For example, if h is a periodic function with certain properties, or if it's designed to have high overlap with itself when shifted by certain amounts.

Another approach: since the cross-correlation is maximized when the function is as "flat" as possible, but we need to balance that with the integral constraint. Maybe using a function that is a combination of different segments, each contributing to the cross-correlation.

Alternatively, considering that the cross-correlation for k=0 is ∫ h(x)^2 dx. Since the integral of h is 1, the cross-correlation at k=0 is the energy of h. But we need to ensure that for other k's, the cross-correlation is not too small. However, since we are maximizing the minimum cross-correlation, perhaps we need to balance the cross-correlation across all shifts.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem?

Perhaps we can use a different optimization approach. For example, using a genetic algorithm where the fitness function is the minimum cross-correlation, and we evolve the population to maximize this. However, with the time constraints, this might be challenging.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization method. For example, using a gradient-based method with a better initialization. The previous code uses SLSQP, but maybe using a different method like BFGS or L-BFGS-B could be better. Also, maybe adding more constraints or using a different parameterization.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions (the cross-correlations), we can use a method that directly minimizes the maximum. This is a minimax problem, which can be approached by using a penalty function that penalizes the maximum value. However, the maximum is a non-smooth function, making it difficult to optimize with gradient-based methods.

Alternatively, we can approximate the maximum by considering a few key shifts. For example, instead of considering all possible k, we can focus on the shifts that are most likely to give the maximum. However, determining which shifts to consider is non-trivial.

Wait, the cross-correlation is computed over all possible shifts. But in the discrete case, the number of shifts is limited by the length of the signal. For example, if we have n_points samples, the cross-correlation will have 2n_points - 1 points. However, the maximum value in this cross-correlation is what we're trying to minimize.

But how to compute this efficiently? The previous code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the full cross-correlation. So for each h, we compute all possible shifts and take the maximum.

Now, considering that the previous code uses a local optimization approach, perhaps the problem is that it's too local and gets stuck in a suboptimal solution. To improve this, maybe we can use a more global optimization method, such as simulated annealing or genetic algorithms. However, implementing these might be time-consuming, and with the time budget, we need to be efficient.

Alternatively, we can try to improve the initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might be a starting point, but perhaps we can generate a better initial guess by using a different approach. For example, using a function that has a certain pattern, like alternating between high and low values in a way that minimizes the overlap.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, maybe we can model h as a piecewise constant function with certain intervals. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 1 or 0, ensuring that the total area is 1. However, with 95 points, this would require careful selection of segments.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged periodically. For example, if we have a function that is 1 for a certain length and 0 for another, repeated. But this might not satisfy the integral constraint.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on a subset of the interval and 0 elsewhere. For example, if we have a segment of length L where h is 1, then the integral is L * dx. To have integral 1, L must be 1 / dx. Since dx = 2 / n_points, L = n_points / 2. So for n_points = 95, L = 95/2 = 47.5. So if we have a segment of length 47.5 where h is 1, and the rest 0, the integral would be 1. However, this would create a very high overlap when shifted by k=0, but the maximum overlap might be higher for other shifts. For example, shifting by k=0.5 would result in some overlap. But this might not be optimal.

But maybe combining multiple such segments. For example, having multiple regions where h is 1, spaced out so that shifting them doesn't overlap much. However, with the integral constraint, the total area of these regions must be 1.

This seems like a promising approach. Let's think: if we have multiple intervals where h is 1, and the rest 0, arranged in such a way that when shifted, the overlap between these intervals is minimized. This is similar to the problem of placing intervals to minimize overlap when shifted.

For example, if we have two intervals of length L/2 each, spaced apart by some distance, then shifting by the spacing would result in minimal overlap. But how to calculate this?

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern. For example, a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged periodically. This could be similar to a pulse train.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem? Perhaps generating an initial guess based on such a pattern and then optimizing it further.

Another idea: since the problem is similar to designing a function with low autocorrelation, perhaps using a function that is a sum of shifted pulses. For example, a function that is 1 on several non-overlapping intervals, and 0 elsewhere. However, the exact placement of these intervals would need to be optimized.

But how to model this in code? Maybe using a binary representation where each h[i] is 0 or 1, and then optimizing the positions of the 1s. However, this might not be feasible with the current constraints, as the number of points is 95, and the integral must be 1.

Alternatively, using a continuous approach where h is a step function with certain breakpoints. However, this might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal h might be a combination of high and low values arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, alternating between high and low values in a periodic fashion.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to proceed. Perhaps the best approach is to improve the initial guess and use a more robust optimization method.

Let me think about the previous code. It uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe adding more constraints or using a different optimization method would help. For example, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints without requiring gradients. Or using a different solver like SLSQP with more iterations.

Another idea: since the objective function is the maximum of several values, maybe we can use a method that directly targets the maximum. For example, using a penalty function that penalizes the maximum value. However, this might be challenging.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective optimization approach where we try to minimize each cross-correlation value, but this is not straightforward.

Another observation: the previous code uses a fixed number of restarts (20). Maybe increasing the number of restarts could help, but with the time budget, it might not be feasible. Alternatively, using a different initial guess generation method.

Let me think about the initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might be a starting point, but perhaps generating a better initial guess could help. For example, using a function that has a certain pattern, like a sine wave or a square wave, adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on a certain portion of the interval and 0 elsewhere, but with some variation to avoid high overlap when shifted.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to proceed. Maybe the best approach is to refine the previous code by improving the initial guess and using a more robust optimization method.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a coordinate descent approach. For each point in h, adjust it to reduce the maximum overlap. However, this would require iterating over all points and adjusting them in a way that reduces the maximum.

But how to implement this? For example, for each h[i], compute how changing it affects the cross-correlations, and adjust it accordingly. However, this is a complex process and might not converge easily.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method where the gradient is computed with respect to the maximum overlap. But the maximum is a non-differentiable function, making this challenging.

Hmm. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a better initial guess and a more robust optimization method. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a population-based approach, which can explore the search space more effectively.

But implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch might be time-consuming. Alternatively, using a different optimization method like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients and can handle constraints.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where we first use a genetic algorithm to generate a good initial guess, then refine it with SLSQP.

However, given the time budget, perhaps the best approach is to improve the initial guess and use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a different initial guess generation method and increasing the number of restarts.

Wait, the previous code uses a random initial guess and perturbations. Maybe generating a better initial guess by using a structured pattern. For example, dividing the interval into segments and assigning h[i] based on some pattern.

For example, suppose we divide the interval [0,2] into m equal segments. For each segment, assign h[i] to be 1 or 0 in a way that the total integral is 1. This could be a simple initial guess. However, with m=95, this would require careful selection.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on a subset of the interval and 0 elsewhere. For example, if we have a segment of length L where h is 1, then L = 1 / dx = n_points / 2. For n_points=95, this is 47.5. So if we set h[i] = 1 for the first 47.5 points and 0 otherwise, but since we can't have half points, we need to adjust. This would give an integral of approximately 47.5 * dx = 1. But this would create a very high overlap when shifted by small k, which might not be optimal.

But perhaps this is a starting point. Let's say we create an initial guess where h is 1 for the first half of the points and 0 for the rest. Then, we can optimize this further.

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern, like alternating between 1 and 0 in a way that balances the integral. For example, if n_points is even, we could alternate 1 and 0, but for odd n_points, it's more complex. However, this might not be optimal.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is as "flat" as possible. For example, a function that is constant over the interval. However, this would have a high overlap when shifted by any k, so it's not helpful.

Alternatively, a function that has high values in certain regions and low in others, arranged to minimize overlap when shifted. For example, a function that is high in one region and low in another, but spaced out.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to proceed. Perhaps the best approach is to improve the initial guess and use a more efficient optimization method.

Let me think about the previous code. The initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which might be a good starting point. But maybe we can generate a better initial guess by using a different approach. For example, using a function that has a certain pattern, like a sine wave, adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of several pulses. For example, placing several pulses of length L in the interval [0,2], such that the total area is 1. This could be a good initial guess.

But how to implement this? For example, placing two pulses of length L/2 each, spaced apart by some distance. This would give a total area of L, which needs to be 1. So L = 1 / dx = n_points / 2. For n_points=95, L=47.5. So placing two pulses of length 23.75 each, spaced apart by some distance. This could be a possible initial guess.

But implementing this in code would require generating such a pattern. However, this might not be straightforward. Alternatively, using a random initial guess but with a certain structure.

Another idea: since the problem is similar to the Erdős problem, which is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps there are known constructions or patterns that can be used as initial guesses. For example, using a function that is designed to have low autocorrelation.

However, without prior knowledge of such constructions, it's hard to proceed. So perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code by using a better initial guess and a more efficient optimization method.

Let me think about the previous code's optimization method. It uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe using a different method, like the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints without requiring gradients. Or using the L-BFGS-B method, which is suitable for bounded variables.

Alternatively, using a different solver like IPOPT, but that might require more setup.

Another idea: since the objective function is the maximum of several values, perhaps we can use a method that directly targets the maximum. For example, using a penalty function that penalizes the maximum value. However, this is non-smooth and might be difficult to optimize.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective optimization approach where we try to minimize each cross-correlation value. However, this is not straightforward.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a better initial guess and increase the number of restarts. For example, using a different initial guess generation method and increasing the number of restarts to explore more of the search space.

Another idea: using a more sophisticated initial guess by generating a function that has a certain structure. For example, dividing the interval into segments where h is 1 or 0, and then optimizing the positions of these segments. This could be done by creating an initial guess with a few segments and then allowing the optimization to adjust their positions.

But how to implement this? For example, creating an initial guess with two segments of 1's and 0's, and then optimizing the positions and lengths of these segments. However, this might be complex.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of several step functions. For example, creating an initial guess with a certain number of steps, and then optimizing the heights and positions.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code by using a better initial guess and a more robust optimization method. For example, using a different initial guess generation method and increasing the number of restarts.

So, to summarize, the plan is:

1. Improve the initial guess by generating a structured initial guess, such as a function with certain segments of 1's and 0's.
2. Use a more robust optimization method, such as COBYLA or L-BFGS-B.
3. Increase the number of restarts to explore the search space more thoroughly.
4. Implement these changes in the code.

Now, let's think about how to implement these changes.

First, for the initial guess, instead of using the initial_h_values, perhaps generate a structured initial guess. For example, dividing the interval into segments where h is 1 or 0, and then adjusting the positions to meet the integral constraint. For example, placing two segments of 1's separated by a gap.

But how to generate this? For example, for n_points=95, we can divide the interval into two segments of length L, such that the total area is 1. So L = n_points / 2 = 47.5. So each segment would have 47.5 points. Since we can't have half points, we can approximate this by having one segment with 47 points and another with 48 points, totaling 95 points. But this would give an integral of 47*dx + 48*dx = 95*dx = 1, which meets the constraint.

But how to arrange these segments? For example, placing the first segment from 0 to 47*dx, and the second from (some position) to ... but this might create overlap when shifted. Alternatively, placing them apart to minimize overlap.

But this is getting complicated. Perhaps generating a random initial guess with a certain structure could help. For example, randomly placing segments of 1's and 0's.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 for the first half of the points and 0 for the second half, as a simple initial guess. This would give an integral of 1, but it's likely to have high overlap when shifted. However, optimizing from this initial guess might lead to better results.

So, in the code, instead of using the initial_h_values, we can generate a simple initial guess. For example, setting h[i] = 1 for the first half of the points and 0 for the rest. This would satisfy the integral constraint. Then, we can optimize from there.

But the initial_h_values provided might already be a better starting point. So perhaps using that as the initial guess is better.

Alternatively, combining the initial_h_values with a random perturbation. For example, using the initial_h_values as a base and adding small random variations.

Another idea: using a different optimization method. For example, using the SLSQP method with more iterations and tighter tolerances. Or using a different solver like IPOPT.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a better initial guess and increase the number of restarts.

So, in the code, instead of using the initial_h_values, we can generate a better initial guess. For example, a function that is 1 for the first half of the points and 0 for the rest. Let's try that.

But wait, the initial_h_values might already be a good starting point. So perhaps the previous code's initial guess is not optimal. To improve it, we can generate a better initial guess.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initial guess generation method, such as placing the 1's in a way that minimizes the overlap. For example, placing them in non-overlapping regions.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to proceed. Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code by increasing the number of restarts and using a different initial guess generation method.

Another idea: using a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients and can handle constraints. This might help in escaping local minima.

So, modifying the previous code to use Nelder-Mead instead of SLSQP. Let's try that.

In the previous code, the optimization uses SLSQP. Changing it to Nelder-Mead might allow for better exploration of the search space.

But Nelder-Mead doesn't handle constraints directly. So we need to ensure that the constraints are satisfied. One way to do this is to use a penalty method, where the objective function includes a penalty for violating the constraints. However, this might complicate things.

Alternatively, using a constrained version of Nelder-Mead, but I'm not sure if that's available in scipy. The scipy.optimize.minimize function has a method 'Nelder-Mead' which doesn't handle constraints, so we'd need to handle the constraints manually.

This might not be feasible. So perhaps sticking with SLSQP is better, but using more restarts and better initial guesses.

Another idea: using a different way to generate the initial guess. For example, using a function that is 1 for certain intervals and 0 for others, arranged to minimize overlap. For example, placing the 1's in non-overlapping regions.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to implement.

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different initial guess generation method and increase the number of restarts. For example, generating a random initial guess with a certain structure, like placing the 1's in non-overlapping regions.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 for the first half of the points and 0 for the rest, and then optimizing from there.

Let's proceed with this approach. In the code, instead of using the initial_h_values, we can generate a simple initial guess where the first half of the points are 1 and the rest are 0. This would satisfy the integral constraint. Then, we can optimize from there.

But the initial_h_values might already be a better starting point. So perhaps using the initial_h_values as the base and adding perturbations.

Alternatively, combining both approaches: using the initial_h_values as a base, and generating a random initial guess with a certain structure.

But given the time, I'll proceed with modifying the previous code to use a better initial guess and increase the number of restarts.

So, the plan is:

1. Generate a better initial guess by creating a function that has a certain structure, like alternating between 1 and 0 in a way that minimizes overlap.
2. Increase the number of restarts to explore more of the search space.
3. Use a more robust optimization method, like SLSQP with more iterations and tighter tolerances.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

First, modifying the initial guess generation. For example, creating a function where the first half are 1 and the rest are 0. This would be:

initial_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
initial_guess[:n_points//2] = 1.0

But this might not be optimal. However, it's a simple initial guess.

Alternatively, generating a random initial guess with a certain structure. For example, placing the 1's in non-overlapping regions.

But given the time, I'll proceed with modifying the previous code to use a better initial guess and increase the number of restarts.

So, in the code, instead of using the initial_h_values, we can generate a simple initial guess. Let's say we use the initial_h_values as the base, but also generate other initial guesses.

But the initial_h_values are provided, so perhaps we should use them as the initial guess and also generate other initial guesses.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the base and perturbing it.

But the previous code already uses initial_h_values as the base for some restarts.

In any case, the main changes would be to increase the number of restarts and possibly use a different optimization method.

Another idea: using a different optimization method like L-BFGS-B, which is suitable for bounded variables. Let's try that.

So, modifying the code to use L-BFGS-B instead of SLSQP.

But L-BFGS-B requires the bounds to be specified, which they are. Also, it's a local optimizer, but might converge faster.

Another idea: using a combination of methods. For example, using a genetic algorithm to generate a good initial guess, then refining it with SLSQP.

But implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch would take time.

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a better initial guess and increase the number of restarts, and use a different optimization method.

So, the final code would look something like this:

- Use the initial_h_values as the base, but also generate other initial guesses.
- Increase the number of restarts.
- Use a different optimization method, like L-BFGS-B.
- Add more constraints or adjust the optimization parameters.

But given the time, I'll proceed with the following code:

Modify the previous code to use a better initial guess, increase the number of restarts, and use a different optimization method.

Now, implementing this in code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
from scipy.signal import correlate

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Assume initial_h_values is a global variable
    initial_h = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_h)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    # Define the objective function
    def objective(h):
        # Compute cross-correlation with 1 - h
        cross_corr = correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        # Find the maximum value in the cross-correlation
        max_corr = np.max(cross_corr)
        return max_corr * dx

    # Define constraints
    def constraint(h):
        return np.sum(h) - n_points / 2

    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    # Function to generate a structured initial guess
    def structured_initial_guess():
        # Create a simple guess with alternating 1 and 0
        h = np.zeros(n_points)
        for i in range(n_points):
            if i % 3 == 0:
                h[i] = 1.0
        # Normalize to meet the sum constraint
        h = h * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h)
        return h

    # Function to generate a random initial guess
    def random_initial_guess():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        # Normalize to meet the sum constraint
        h = h * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h)
        return h

    # Function to perturb the initial guess
    def perturb(h, seed=None):
        np.random.seed(seed)
        perturbation = np.random.uniform(-0.2, 0.2, size=len(h))
        return np.clip(h + perturbation, 0.0, 1.0)

    # Run multiple optimizations
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_h.copy()

    # Number of restarts
    num_restarts = 50

    for i in range(num_restarts):
        # Generate a random initial guess or perturb the initial_h
        if i % 2 == 0:
            # Use the initial guess with perturbation
            h_initial = perturb(initial_h, seed=seed + i)
        else:
            # Generate a random initial guess
            h_initial = random_initial_guess()
        
        # Perform optimization
        result = minimize(objective, h_initial, method='L-BFGS-B', bounds=bounds, constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint}, options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-8})
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
        else:
            # If optimization fails, try the perturbed guess
            current_c5 = objective(h_initial)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = h_initial

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```