<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The previous code uses a local optimization approach with SLSQP, but maybe that's not sufficient. Let me think about how to improve this.

First, the lessons from earlier attempts mention normalizing the sum of h during optimization. The existing code already enforces the sum constraint via a constraint in the optimization. But maybe there's more to it. Also, the previous code uses a fixed initial guess and perturbs it, but perhaps a better approach is to use a more diverse set of initial points or different optimization strategies.

The current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. So we need to get lower. The previous program's best was 0.382295, which is worse than the current record. So the existing approach isn't sufficient.

What's the problem with the current approach? Maybe it's getting stuck in local minima. So perhaps using a different optimization method, or incorporating more global search strategies. Also, the number of restarts is 20, but maybe increasing that or using different initializations could help.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a covering problem where we want to minimize the maximum overlap. Maybe using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing could help explore the search space better. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, maybe a more efficient approach is needed.

Alternatively, maybe we can model this as an optimization problem with more structure. Since the overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)), perhaps we can use a different parameterization for h. For example, using a piecewise constant function with certain symmetry properties.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed n_points (from initial_h_values, which is 95 samples). Maybe trying different n_points could help. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. But perhaps for better accuracy, a larger n_points is needed. However, the user mentioned that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe sticking to around 100-200 points is better.

Wait, the initial_h_values has 95 samples. Maybe starting from that is a good idea, but perhaps we can try other initializations. For example, using a more structured initial guess, like a periodic function or a function with certain properties that could minimize overlap.

Another approach: since the overlap integral is maximized over k, perhaps we can model this as a game where we try to balance the function h such that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized. This sounds like a problem that could be approached with a variational method, but that might be complex.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral for a given k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be rewritten as ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since ∫ h(x) dx is 1, the problem becomes minimizing the maximum of 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. Therefore, maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. So, the problem is equivalent to maximizing the minimal cross-correlation between h and itself shifted by k.

But how to model this? Maybe using a different optimization formulation. For example, using a convex relaxation or a different optimization algorithm that can handle the max over k.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the existing optimization method. Let's think about the existing code. It uses SLSQP with a fixed number of restarts. Maybe increasing the number of restarts, using different initializations, and trying different optimization methods (like differential evolution) could help.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. If we switch to a global optimization method like differential evolution, it might explore more of the search space. However, differential evolution can be slower. But with the time budget, maybe it's manageable.

Another idea: the cross-correlation is computed over all k. The maximum of this cross-correlation is the C5 value. To minimize this maximum, perhaps we can use a multi-objective optimization approach where we try to balance the cross-correlations for different k.

Alternatively, perhaps we can use a surrogate model or a Bayesian optimization approach to guide the search. But implementing that might be complex.

Alternatively, considering that the function h is a step function, maybe we can model it as a set of intervals where h is 0 or 1, and then optimize the positions and widths of these intervals. However, this could lead to a combinatorial explosion in the number of possibilities.

Another thought: the current code's objective function computes the maximum cross-correlation. However, during optimization, maybe we should try to minimize each cross-correlation individually, but that's not feasible since we can't track all of them. So perhaps using a different formulation where we minimize the maximum cross-correlation.

Wait, the existing code's objective function is correct. It computes the cross-correlation and returns the maximum value multiplied by dx. So the code is correct in that aspect.

So, what can be improved? The optimization method. Maybe using a more robust optimizer, or using a combination of methods. Also, the initial guess is important. The current code uses the initial_h_values and perturbs it, but maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of restarts, maybe use a population-based approach where multiple candidates are evolved. For example, using a genetic algorithm where each individual is a candidate h, and we evolve them over generations. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time budget might be challenging.

Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach. But again, time is a constraint.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method, which is a local optimizer but might converge faster. Or using a combination of methods.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe adding more constraints or using a different method. Also, the constraints are handled via an equality constraint, which is correct.

Another thing: the code uses a fixed n_points (from initial_h_values). Maybe trying different n_points could help. For example, using a smaller n_points (like 100) might allow for faster evaluations, but the accuracy might be lower. However, the user prefers smaller sequences, so perhaps trying with n_points=100 or 200.

But the initial_h_values has 95 samples. Maybe trying to increase n_points could lead to better results, but the user says smaller sequences are preferred. However, the problem says that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So perhaps using n_points=100 is acceptable.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial_h_values is a good starting point, and we can try to refine it with better optimization.

Another idea: during optimization, after each step, enforce the sum constraint by normalizing. The current code does this via the constraint, but maybe during the optimization steps, it's better to normalize the h values to maintain the sum. However, the existing code already enforces the sum constraint via the equality constraint. So maybe that's already handled.

Wait, the code uses the constraint function which returns np.sum(h) - n_points / 2. So the optimization ensures that the sum is exactly n_points / 2. Therefore, during the optimization, the sum is maintained. So the normalization during the steps is already handled.

Hmm. So maybe the problem is that the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. To address this, perhaps using a different optimization method, like differential evolution, which is a global optimizer.

Let me think about the code structure. The current code uses minimize with SLSQP. Maybe switching to differential evolution could help. However, differential evolution is more suitable for problems where the objective function is smooth and has a single minimum. But in this case, the objective function is the maximum of several cross-correlations, which might be non-smooth. However, perhaps it's worth trying.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of restarts (20). Maybe increasing that number could help. Also, using different initializations, such as random initial guesses, perturbations of the initial guess, or even other structured initializations.

Alternatively, perhaps using a combination of methods: first using a global optimizer to find a good initial guess, then refining it with a local optimizer.

But given the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, and increase the number of restarts. Let me try that.

So, the plan is:

1. Use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, which is better at exploring the search space.
2. Increase the number of restarts to explore more initial guesses.
3. Use a better initial guess, perhaps by generating more diverse initial points.
4. Possibly adjust the parameters of the optimization method to improve convergence.

But how to implement this in code?

The scipy.optimize.minimize function can take different methods. For differential evolution, the method is 'differential_evolution'. However, the differential evolution method requires bounds and the objective function. Also, the constraints need to be handled. Wait, the current code uses an equality constraint. But differential evolution doesn't handle constraints directly. So perhaps we need to modify the objective function to include the constraints implicitly.

Alternatively, we can use a penalty method where the objective function includes a penalty for violating the sum constraint. However, this might complicate things.

Alternatively, since the sum constraint is an equality constraint, perhaps we can use the 'SLSQP' method with the same constraints, but with more restarts and better initializations.

Alternatively, perhaps the current approach is not sufficient, and we need to try a different strategy. For example, using a greedy algorithm to adjust the h values to minimize the maximum overlap.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is the maximum over k of the cross-correlation, perhaps we can model this as a problem where we need to minimize the maximum of several functions. This is a min-max problem. To handle this, we can use a method that alternates between optimizing for each k and then the maximum.

But this seems complex. Maybe another approach is to use a surrogate model that approximates the maximum cross-correlation and optimize that.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum cross-correlation occurs at certain k values, perhaps we can focus on those k values during optimization. For example, if we can find the k that gives the maximum cross-correlation, we can optimize for that particular k. However, this might not account for other k values.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective optimization where we try to minimize all cross-correlations simultaneously. But this is not straightforward.

Another thought: the current code's objective function is the maximum cross-correlation. However, during optimization, if we can find a way to penalize the maximum, perhaps by using a different formulation. For example, using a Lagrangian multiplier approach where we minimize the maximum cross-correlation plus a penalty term for violating the sum constraint. But this is similar to what the current code does.

Hmm. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and see if that helps. Let me try that.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution. However, the differential evolution method doesn't handle constraints directly. So we need to adjust the objective function to include the sum constraint. Alternatively, we can use the 'SLSQP' method with more restarts and better initializations.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, first using differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then using SLSQP to refine it.

But how to implement this in code? Let's think.

First, the differential evolution method requires the bounds and the objective function. The objective function here is the maximum cross-correlation. However, the sum constraint needs to be handled. So perhaps during the differential evolution, we can include the sum constraint as a penalty in the objective function.

But this might not be straightforward. Alternatively, we can use the 'SLSQP' method with more restarts and better initializations.

Another idea: the current code uses 20 restarts. Maybe increasing that number to 50 or 100 would help. Also, using different initializations, such as random initial guesses and perturbations of the initial_h_values.

Another thing: the current code uses a perturbation function that adds a small random value to the initial guess. Maybe varying the perturbation range or using different distributions could help.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initialization method, such as generating h values based on some known optimal structures.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and see if that helps. Let's try that.

Wait, the differential evolution method in scipy.optimize.minimize can be used with the 'differential_evolution' method. However, the constraints need to be handled. To handle the sum constraint, we can use a penalty method where the objective function includes a penalty for violating the sum constraint. However, this might not be as effective as using the equality constraint.

Alternatively, we can use the 'SLSQP' method with more restarts and better initializations. Let's try increasing the number of restarts and using different initializations.

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed n_points. Maybe trying a different n_points could help. For example, using n_points=100 or 200. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. But given that the initial_h_values has 95 samples, perhaps trying with n_points=100 is acceptable.

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values is already a good starting point, and we can refine it with better optimization.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values is used as the starting point. Maybe the problem is that the optimization is getting stuck in a local minimum. To address this, we can try more restarts with different initializations.

So, modifying the code to:

- Use more restarts (say, 50 instead of 20)
- Use a combination of random initial guesses and perturbations of the initial_h_values
- Use a different optimization method, like L-BFGS-B or SLSQP with tighter tolerances

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is a local optimizer but might be more effective in some cases.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method and increase the number of restarts.

Let me outline the changes:

1. Increase the number of restarts to, say, 50.
2. Use a combination of random initial guesses and perturbations of the initial_h_values.
3. Use the SLSQP method with tighter tolerances and more iterations.
4. Ensure that the sum constraint is strictly enforced.

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed dx = 2.0 / n_points. This is correct.

So, modifying the code accordingly.

Another idea: during the optimization, after each step, we can normalize the h values to maintain the sum. However, the existing code already enforces this via the constraint. So maybe that's already handled.

Another possible improvement: the objective function computes the cross-correlation and returns the maximum value. However, the cross-correlation is computed for all k. But for the purpose of optimization, perhaps we can approximate the maximum by considering only certain k values, which could reduce the computational load. However, this might not be accurate.

Alternatively, precompute the cross-correlation for all k and take the maximum. This is what the current code does.

Another thing: the current code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum of this is the C5 value. So the code is correct in that aspect.

So, putting it all together, the modified code would:

- Use more restarts (e.g., 50)
- Use a combination of random initial guesses and perturbations of the initial_h_values
- Use the SLSQP method with more iterations and tighter tolerances
- Possibly use a different optimization method if needed

Let me try implementing these changes.

Another thing to note: the previous code's initial_h_values is a global variable. So we can start from that and perturb it. Also, generating random initial guesses could help escape local minima.

So, in the code, increasing num_restarts to 50, and using both random initial guesses and perturbations of the initial_h_values.

Additionally, perhaps using a different optimization method, like the L-BFGS-B method, which is a local optimizer but might converge faster.

Alternatively, using the 'COBYLA' method, which handles bounds and constraints.

But the current code uses SLSQP, which is suitable for equality constraints.

So, the modified code would look something like this:

Increase the number of restarts to 50.

Also, in the perturb function, maybe use a larger perturbation range, but ensure that h stays within [0, 1].

Another thing: the current code uses a seed for the perturbation. Maybe varying the seed for each restart would help.

So, putting it all together, here's the plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Perform multiple restarts (say, 50) with different initial guesses.
- For each restart, generate a random initial guess or perturb the initial_h_values.
- Use SLSQP with more iterations and tighter tolerances.
- Track the best solution found.

This should help in exploring the search space more thoroughly and finding a better minimum.

Now, implementing this in code. The previous code had num_restarts = 20. Changing that to 50. Also, adjusting the perturbation function to use a different seed for each restart.

Another thing: the current code uses a perturbation of ±0.2. Maybe using a smaller perturbation for the initial guess and larger for random guesses could help. But this is just a guess.

In any case, the main changes would be increasing the number of restarts and possibly adjusting the optimization parameters.

So, the final code would look like the previous one, but with more restarts and possibly other tweaks.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
from scipy.signal import correlate

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Assume initial_h_values is a global variable
    initial_h = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_h)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    # Define the objective function
    def objective(h):
        # Compute cross-correlation with 1 - h
        cross_corr = correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        # Find the maximum value in the cross-correlation
        max_corr = np.max(cross_corr)
        return max_corr * dx

    # Define constraints
    def constraint(h):
        return np.sum(h) - n_points / 2

    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    # Function to generate a random initial guess
    def random_initial_guess():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        # Normalize to meet the sum constraint
        h = h * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h)
        return h

    # Function to perturb the initial guess
    def perturb(h, seed=None):
        np.random.seed(seed)
        perturbation = np.random.uniform(-0.15, 0.15, size=len(h))
        return np.clip(h + perturbation, 0.0, 1.0)

    # Run multiple optimizations
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_h.copy()

    # Number of restarts
    num_restarts = 50  # Increased from 20 to 50 for better exploration

    for i in range(num_restarts):
        # Generate a random initial guess or perturb the initial_h
        if i % 2 == 0:
            # Use the initial guess with perturbation
            h_initial = perturb(initial_h, seed=seed + i)
        else:
            # Generate a random initial guess
            h_initial = random_initial_guess()
        
        # Perform optimization with tighter tolerances
        result = minimize(objective, h_initial, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds, constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint}, options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-9})
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
        else:
            # If optimization fails, try the perturbed guess
            current_c5 = objective(h_initial)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = h_initial

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```