<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous program used a local optimization approach with SLSQP, but it didn't reach the target. Let me think about how to improve this.

First, the lessons from earlier attempts mention normalizing the sum of h during optimization. The previous code already does that by scaling h to maintain the sum constraint. But maybe there's more to it. Also, the initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which might be a local minimum. So perhaps starting from different initial points could help avoid local optima.

The previous code uses a fixed number of restarts (20) with perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of restarts or using different initialization strategies could help. Also, the optimization method is SLSQP, which might get stuck in local minima. Maybe trying other optimization methods like genetic algorithms or particle swarm optimization could be better for global search.

Another idea: the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. The current approach minimizes the maximum cross-correlation. But perhaps there's a way to parameterize h in a way that makes the optimization easier. For example, using a piecewise constant function with certain symmetry or patterns.

The constraints are that h is a step function with integral 1 over [0,2]. Maybe splitting the interval into regions where h is 0 or 1, but that might be too restrictive. Alternatively, using a more structured approach, like dividing the interval into segments with specific values.

Wait, the problem allows any step function, so maybe using a periodic or symmetric pattern could help. For example, a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that minimizes the overlap when shifted. But how to model that?

Another thought: since the overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts k, maybe we can model this as a game where we try to make h(x) and 1 - h(x + k) as non-overlapping as possible for all k. This is similar to a covering problem, but I'm not sure how to translate that into an optimization.

Let me think about the previous code. It uses scipy's minimize with SLSQP. Maybe the issue is that the optimization is too local. Perhaps using a different optimization approach, like a genetic algorithm, could explore the search space more thoroughly. However, genetic algorithms can be slow, especially with a time budget of 100 seconds. But with 10 CPUs, maybe parallelizing the search could help.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a gradient-based method with better settings. Or adding more constraints to the problem to guide the optimization.

Wait, the current code's objective function is to minimize the maximum cross-correlation. But the cross-correlation is computed over all shifts. The maximum of these values is what we need to minimize. However, the current approach might not be effectively balancing all shifts. Maybe we can use a different formulation, like trying to minimize the maximum over all shifts, which is a more direct approach.

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is a convolution, perhaps there's a way to model this with Fourier transforms. But I'm not sure how to apply that here directly.

Let me think about the constraints again. The integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So the average value of h is 0.5. The function h is a step function, so it's piecewise constant. Maybe the optimal h has certain symmetry properties. For example, maybe it's symmetric around 1.0, or has a certain periodicity.

The initial_h_values given are for n=95 samples. Maybe trying different n_points could help. The previous code uses n_points=95. But perhaps using a smaller n_points could allow for faster optimization. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. But the target is to find a better bound, so maybe a larger n_points could give a better approximation. However, the time budget is tight.

Another approach: instead of using a single optimization run, perform a multi-start optimization with different initial guesses. The previous code does this with 20 restarts. Maybe increasing the number of restarts or using different initialization strategies (like random initial guesses, or based on known patterns) could help.

Wait, the previous code uses both perturbations of the initial guess and random initial guesses. Maybe adding more diversity in the initial guesses would help. For example, using different patterns, like a uniform distribution, or a specific structure.

Another idea: the problem is similar to designing a binary sequence (but with real values) that minimizes the maximum overlap when shifted. In the binary case, this is related to the concept of a "zero correlation zone" or "low autocorrelation sequences". Maybe using techniques from those areas could help. For example, using a sequence with low autocorrelation, but adjusted for the continuous case.

But since h is a step function, perhaps the optimal h is a binary function (taking values 0 and 1) with certain properties. However, the problem allows h to take any values between 0 and 1, so maybe a non-binary function could offer better results.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal h is a piecewise constant function with a specific number of segments. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into m equal parts and setting h to 0 or 1 in each segment. This would reduce the problem to choosing which segments to set to 1, such that the integral is 1, and the maximum overlap is minimized.

But how to determine m? For example, if m is small, like 5 or 6, maybe we can find a good configuration. However, this approach might not be optimal. But perhaps starting with such a structure and then optimizing could be a way.

But given the time constraints, maybe it's better to focus on improving the existing optimization approach. Let me think about the previous code again.

The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the optimization parameters could help. Also, the objective function is the maximum cross-correlation. However, the current code computes the cross-correlation and takes the maximum, which is correct. But maybe the optimization is not effectively finding the minimum because the function is non-convex and has many local minima.

Another idea: instead of minimizing the maximum cross-correlation directly, perhaps use a different formulation. For example, introduce variables for each shift k, and try to minimize the maximum over these variables. But this would increase the problem size, which might not be feasible.

Alternatively, use a penalty method where the objective is the cross-correlation plus a penalty for violating the sum constraint. But the previous code already handles the sum constraint with an equality constraint.

Hmm. Maybe the issue is that the optimization is too local. So, perhaps using a global optimization method like differential evolution could be better. However, differential evolution is slower, but with parallelization, maybe it can be done within the time budget.

Wait, the problem allows using any optimization library, including scipy's optimization methods. The previous code uses SLSQP. Let me check what other methods are available in scipy.optimize.minimize. For example, 'L-BFGS-B', 'COBYLA', 'Nelder-Mead', or 'SANN' (simulated annealing). Maybe trying a different method could yield better results.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first perform a global search with a method like differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then refine it with SLSQP.

But with the time budget, perhaps a better approach is to use a more efficient optimization method. Let me think about the previous code's parameters. The options for SLSQP include 'maxiter' set to 200, which might not be enough. Maybe increasing maxiter could help, but that would take more time.

Another thing to consider: the cross-correlation is computed over all shifts. The maximum of these values is what we need to minimize. However, the current code computes the cross-correlation for all shifts and takes the maximum. But perhaps some shifts are more critical than others. Maybe focusing the optimization on those shifts could help.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model or Bayesian optimization to guide the search. But implementing that might be complex.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum cross-correlation, perhaps we can use a multi-objective approach where we try to minimize the cross-correlation for each shift, but this is not straightforward.

Alternatively, consider that the maximum cross-correlation is the maximum over k of ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be rewritten as ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. Since ∫ h(x) dx is 1, the integral becomes 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. So, the problem is equivalent to maximizing ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx for some k, and we want to minimize this maximum. Therefore, the problem is to find h such that the maximum of ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx over all k is as small as possible.

This is equivalent to minimizing the maximum cross-correlation between h and itself, shifted by k. So, the problem is similar to designing a function h with low autocorrelation. In the binary case, this is related to the concept of a Barker code, which has optimal autocorrelation properties. However, since h is a real function, perhaps we can use similar principles.

But how to apply this? Maybe using a function that is a sum of sinusoids with specific frequencies, but ensuring the integral is 1. However, this might be too vague.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal h should have a certain structure. For example, if h is a square wave with certain width, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a greedy algorithm. Start with a simple h, like a uniform distribution, and iteratively adjust it to reduce the maximum overlap. However, this might not be effective without a good optimization method.

Back to the original code. The previous code uses a fixed number of restarts and perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of restarts or using different initializations could help. Also, the initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which might be a local minimum. So, perhaps generating multiple initial guesses with different patterns could help.

Another idea: instead of using random perturbations, use a structured perturbation. For example, flipping certain segments of h or adjusting them in a way that reduces the overlap.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach where we evolve populations of h functions, selecting those with lower C5 values. This could be more effective in finding global minima, but with the time constraints, it might be challenging.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, perhaps a parallelized approach could work. However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch would take time.

Alternatively, using the existing code but making some modifications. For example, increasing the number of restarts, using different optimization methods, or adjusting the parameters.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe using a different method like 'L-BFGS-B' with bounds could be better. Or using 'Nelder-Mead' which doesn't require gradients.

Another thing: the current code computes the cross-correlation using scipy.signal.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the full cross-correlation. However, the maximum value might be at certain lags. Maybe focusing on specific lags could help, but it's not clear.

Another observation: the current code's initial_h_values might not be the best starting point. Maybe generating a better initial guess could help. For example, using a known construction for the Erdős problem, or a more optimal initial guess.

But since the initial_h_values are provided, perhaps the code should start from there and try to improve it. However, if that initial guess is a local minimum, then the code might not find a better solution.

So, to improve the code, perhaps:

1. Increase the number of restarts to explore more initial guesses.
2. Use different initialization strategies, such as random initial guesses, perturbations, or structured patterns.
3. Try different optimization methods (e.g., differential evolution, genetic algorithms) for better global search.
4. Adjust the optimization parameters (e.g., increase maxiter, change tolerance).
5. Use a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation, perhaps precomputing certain values.

But implementing differential evolution or genetic algorithms might be time-consuming. Let me think about what's feasible.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, using a global search method to find a good initial guess, then refining it with SLSQP.

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is expensive to compute, maybe we can approximate it or use a more efficient method. However, the current code already uses numpy's correlate, which is efficient.

Another thing: the current code's objective function returns the maximum cross-correlation multiplied by dx. But maybe there's a way to vectorize the computation or precompute certain parts to speed it up, allowing more iterations within the time budget.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method and increase the number of restarts.

Let me try modifying the code to use differential evolution. Scipy's differential evolution is a global optimization method that could explore the search space more thoroughly. However, it's slower than SLSQP, but with parallelization, maybe it can be done.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with 20 restarts. If I switch to differential evolution, perhaps with fewer restarts but more thorough exploration, I could find a better solution.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution:

- Use scipy.optimize.differential_evolution.
- Set bounds for each h[i].
- The objective function is the same as before.
- The constraint is the sum of h equals n_points / 2.

But differential evolution requires the objective function to be minimized, and it can handle constraints via the bounds and constraints parameter.

However, the current code's constraint is an equality constraint. Differential evolution can handle bounds and constraints, but setting up the constraints correctly is important.

Alternatively, since the sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2, we can enforce this by normalizing h during the optimization. For example, in the objective function, after computing the cross-correlation, we can normalize h to meet the sum constraint. But this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, during the optimization, we can ensure that the sum of h is maintained by adjusting the values. However, this could complicate the optimization process.

Another approach: use a penalty method where the objective function includes a penalty for violating the sum constraint. For example, the objective becomes the cross-correlation plus a large penalty term if the sum is not met. This way, the optimizer will try to maintain the sum constraint.

But this might not be as effective as an equality constraint. However, for differential evolution, which doesn't handle constraints directly, this could be a way.

Alternatively, use the 'constraints' parameter in differential evolution. But I'm not sure if scipy's differential evolution supports constraints. Looking up scipy's documentation, it seems that differential evolution in scipy.optimize does not support constraints directly. So that might not be an option.

Therefore, perhaps the best approach is to use a method that can handle constraints, like SLSQP, but with more restarts and different initial guesses.

Another idea: instead of using a single optimization run, perform multiple optimizations with different initial guesses, including both perturbations of the initial_h_values and random guesses. Also, use a more efficient optimization method.

Let me try modifying the code to use a different optimization method, like 'L-BFGS-B', which is a gradient-based method that can handle bounds. This might converge faster than SLSQP.

Alternatively, using 'Nelder-Mead' which doesn't require gradients but can be slower.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (200) for each optimization. Maybe increasing this number could allow the optimizer to find a better solution. However, this would take more time.

Given the time budget, perhaps the best way is to increase the number of restarts and use a more robust optimization method. Let me outline the steps:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point, but also generate multiple random initial guesses.
2. For each restart, use a different optimization method (e.g., SLSQP with more iterations, or differential evolution).
3. Track the best solution found so far.
4. Return the best solution after the budget is exhausted.

But without knowing which method works best, it's hard to say. Given that the previous code used SLSQP, perhaps trying to improve it by increasing the number of restarts and using better parameter settings.

Another observation: the current code's objective function computes the cross-correlation and takes the maximum. However, the cross-correlation for different lags might have different scales. Perhaps normalizing the cross-correlation values could help the optimizer, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, since the maximum cross-correlation is what we want to minimize, maybe using a different formulation of the objective function. For example, using the maximum value directly as the objective.

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is expensive to compute, perhaps precompute it once per optimization run and use it as the objective. But the code already does that.

In conclusion, to improve the previous code, I'll try the following:

- Increase the number of restarts to explore more initial guesses.
- Use different initialization strategies, such as random initial guesses and perturbations of the initial_h_values.
- Use a more robust optimization method, like differential evolution, if possible.
- Adjust the optimization parameters (e.g., increase maxiter, change tolerances).
- Ensure that the sum constraint is strictly enforced during optimization.

However, implementing differential evolution might be complex. So, perhaps stick with SLSQP but increase the number of restarts and adjust parameters.

Let me adjust the previous code:

- Increase the number of restarts to 50.
- Use both random initial guesses and perturbations of the initial_h_values.
- Increase the maxiter for each optimization run to 300.
- Adjust the tolerance settings.

Also, ensure that the sum constraint is strictly enforced. The previous code uses an equality constraint, which should be correct.

Another thing: the current code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point, but if that's a local minimum, it might not find a better solution. So, generating more diverse initial guesses is crucial.

So, the modified code would have more restarts and possibly better optimization parameters. Let me write this out.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
from scipy.signal import correlate

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Assume initial_h_values is a global variable
    initial_h = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_h)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    # Define the objective function
    def objective(h):
        # Compute cross-correlation with 1 - h
        cross_corr = correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        # Find the maximum value in the cross-correlation
        max_corr = np.max(cross_corr)
        return max_corr * dx

    # Define constraints
    def constraint(h):
        return np.sum(h) - n_points / 2

    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    # Function to generate a random initial guess
    def random_initial_guess():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        # Normalize to meet the sum constraint
        h = h * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h)
        return h

    # Function to perturb the initial guess
    def perturb(h, seed=None):
        np.random.seed(seed)
        perturbation = np.random.uniform(-0.2, 0.2, size=len(h))
        return np.clip(h + perturbation, 0.0, 1.0)

    # Run multiple optimizations
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_h.copy()

    # Number of restarts
    num_restarts = 50

    for i in range(num_restarts):
        # Generate a random initial guess or perturb the initial_h
        if i % 2 == 0:
            # Use the initial guess with perturbation
            h_initial = perturb(initial_h, seed=seed + i)
        else:
            # Generate a random initial guess
            h_initial = random_initial_guess()
        
        # Perform optimization
        result = minimize(objective, h_initial, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds, constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint}, options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-9})
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
        else:
            # If optimization fails, try the perturbed guess
            current_c5 = objective(h_initial)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = h_initial

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```