<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38092, and they want to get down to 0.380876. The previous code used a gradient-based optimization with SLSQP, starting from an initial guess. But maybe that's getting stuck in local minima. So I need to think of a different approach.

First, the problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The challenge is to find a function that makes this maximum as small as possible.

The previous approach used a local optimization method, which might not be sufficient. Maybe a global optimization method would help escape local minima. But with the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, perhaps a more efficient approach is needed.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem or a scheduling problem where we need to distribute the "mass" of h(x) in such a way that overlaps with shifted versions are minimized. Maybe using a more structured approach, like dividing the interval into regions with specific patterns.

Wait, the current initial_h_values is given as a starting point. Maybe I can use that as a base and perform some kind of iterative improvement. But the previous code didn't do that. Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing could help explore the search space better. However, those methods can be slow, but with parallel processing (since there are 10 CPUs), maybe it's feasible.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method, like a particle swarm optimization (PSO) or a Bayesian optimization approach. But integrating that into the code might be complex.

Wait, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The initial code uses n_points=80. Maybe trying with smaller n_points could be better? But the current best is with 80 samples. However, maybe there's a better configuration with a different number of points.

Another idea: since the integral is over [0,2], perhaps the optimal function has a periodic structure or some symmetry. For example, dividing the interval into segments where h(x) is 0 or 1, but with some overlapping regions. However, since h is a step function, maybe it's better to have a piecewise constant function with certain intervals.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal function is a combination of multiple intervals where h(x) is 1 or 0, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, using a pattern that repeats every certain interval, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Wait, the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1. So the average value of h(x) is 0.5. So maybe the function is designed to have regions where it's 1 and regions where it's 0, but arranged such that when shifted, the overlapping areas are minimized.

But how to model this? Maybe using a more structured approach, like dividing the interval into equal parts and assigning h(x) to be 1 in certain intervals. For example, if we divide [0,2] into m intervals, each of length 2/m, and assign h(x) to be 1 in some of them. However, the exact arrangement would need to be optimized.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap integral is over all shifts k. For each k, the integral is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. To minimize the maximum of these areas, the function h should be designed so that for any shift k, the overlap is as small as possible.

This seems similar to a covering problem where we want to cover the interval with regions where h(x) is 1, but in such a way that shifting them doesn't cause large overlaps. Maybe using a greedy approach, but I'm not sure.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced out enough so that their shifted versions don't overlap too much. For example, if the function is 1 on intervals of length L, spaced apart by some distance. But the exact parameters would need to be determined.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem? Maybe the previous approach of using gradient-based optimization isn't sufficient because it can get stuck in local minima. So perhaps using a different optimization strategy, such as a genetic algorithm, could help explore the search space more thoroughly.

However, implementing a genetic algorithm might be time-consuming. Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients. Or using a Bayesian optimization approach with a surrogate model.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe trying a global optimization method would help. However, with the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to use a more efficient local optimizer with better hyperparameters, or to use a multi-start approach with the same method.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might not be the best starting point. Perhaps generating a better initial guess by using a more structured approach, such as dividing the interval into regions with specific patterns.

Another idea: since the integral is 1, the average of h(x) is 0.5. So maybe the function is designed to have regions where it's 1 and 0 in a way that the total area is 1. For example, if the function is 1 on intervals of length 1, and 0 elsewhere. But that would give an integral of 1, but when shifted by k=0.5, the overlap would be 0.5*1 = 0.5, which is worse than the current target. So that's not good.

Alternatively, maybe using a more complex pattern, like a triangular wave or something else. But how to model that?

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of Fourier analysis. The overlap integral can be expressed as the convolution of h and (1 - h), and then taking the maximum over shifts. But I'm not sure how to use that for optimization.

Another angle: the problem is similar to designing a binary sequence (since h is a step function) with certain properties. For example, in coding theory, you want sequences with low cross-correlation. Maybe there's a connection here. The Erdős problem is related to the minimum maximum cross-correlation, which is similar to the problem here.

In coding theory, for binary sequences, the goal is to minimize the maximum cross-correlation. There are known constructions for such sequences, like using Barker codes or other optimal sequences. However, the exact connection here isn't clear, but maybe similar techniques can be applied.

For example, a Barker code has the property that the autocorrelation is minimal. However, the problem here is about cross-correlation between h and 1 - h. Maybe using a similar approach, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, considering that the function h is a step function, perhaps using a more structured approach where h is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Let me think about the previous code. It uses a local optimization with SLSQP, starting from initial_h_values. The result was C₅ = 0.382457. The user wants to get down to 0.380876. So there's a gap of about 0.0016. How can we improve this?

Maybe the initial guess is not good enough. Perhaps generating a better initial guess would help. For example, using a more structured initial guess, like dividing the interval into equal parts and assigning h(x) to be 1 in certain intervals.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. For example, using a genetic algorithm where each individual is a vector of h values, and the fitness is the C₅ value. The goal is to minimize C₅. However, genetic algorithms can be slow, but with parallel processing, maybe it's feasible.

But implementing a genetic algorithm would require more code. Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with the same SLSQP method, trying different initial points.

Another idea: the problem is convex? Wait, no. The objective function is the maximum of several integrals, which is not convex. So the optimization problem is non-convex, making it difficult for local methods.

Therefore, using a global optimization approach might be necessary. However, with the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to use a more efficient local optimizer with better hyperparameters, or to use a different initial guess.

Alternatively, maybe using a different discretization. The initial code uses n_points=80. Maybe trying with a different number of points, like 100 or 200, but the user prefers smaller sequences. However, with more points, the optimization might be more accurate but slower.

Wait, the user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe using n_points=100 is acceptable. But how to decide?

Alternatively, perhaps the initial_h_values is not optimal. Maybe generating a better initial guess by using a more structured approach. For example, using a pattern that divides the interval into regions where h(x) is 1 for certain intervals and 0 otherwise, arranged to minimize overlaps.

For example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into m equal intervals, and set h(x) to 1 in some of them. The total area would be the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h(x) is 1. Since the integral is 1, the total length of these intervals is 1. So for example, if m=4, then each interval has length 0.5. If we select two intervals of length 0.5 each, then the total area is 1. But when shifted by k=0.5, the overlap would be the area where both h(x) and h(x+0.5) are 1. If the intervals are non-overlapping, then this overlap would be zero. But if they are adjacent, then shifting by 0.5 would cause overlap. So perhaps arranging the intervals to be spaced apart.

But how to generalize this? Maybe using a more complex pattern where the intervals are arranged periodically. For example, using a pattern that repeats every certain interval, ensuring that when shifted by certain amounts, the overlap is minimized.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced out by more than half the interval length. For example, if the function is 1 on intervals of length L, spaced by D, such that D > L. This way, shifting by D would not cause overlap. However, the exact parameters would need to be determined.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem? Maybe using a structured initial guess based on such a pattern, then optimizing from there.

Another thought: since the overlap integral is maximized over all k, perhaps the worst-case shift is when k is such that the overlap is maximized. So, perhaps the optimal function is designed to have equal overlap for all shifts, or to balance the overlaps.

But how to achieve that? It's unclear.

Perhaps the key is to use a different optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a different method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients and can handle non-convex problems better.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can find the optimal parameters more efficiently by learning from previous evaluations. However, implementing that would require more code.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with SLSQP, trying different initial points. For example, starting from the initial_h_values, but also trying other initial guesses generated by random perturbations or structured patterns.

But how to generate those initial guesses? Maybe by creating different patterns, like alternating 1s and 0s, or other structured patterns, and using them as starting points.

Alternatively, using a combination of different optimization methods. For example, first using a genetic algorithm to find a good initial guess, then refining it with SLSQP.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which might escape local minima better. Or to use a different initial guess.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=100). Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help. Or adjusting the tolerance parameters.

Another idea: the objective function is the maximum of several integrals. To make the optimization easier, perhaps we can approximate the maximum by considering only a subset of shifts, but that might not be accurate.

Alternatively, using a different discretization. For example, instead of using the full correlation, maybe considering only certain shifts that are likely to be the worst case.

But I'm not sure. Let me think about the code again.

The current code computes the full correlation, which gives all possible shifts. However, the maximum is taken over all k. So the code is correct in that aspect.

Another possible improvement: since the integral is over [0,2], the shifts k can be in a certain range. For example, when k is larger than 2, the overlap would be zero because x+k would be outside the interval. So the maximum k to consider is up to 2. However, the code uses the full correlation, which includes all shifts. But for the purpose of the problem, perhaps considering only shifts in a certain range would be sufficient.

But the code is correct as is.

So, given that, perhaps the main issue is the optimization method. Maybe using a different optimizer, like the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints better.

Alternatively, using a more robust optimization method with better hyperparameters.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed initial guess. Maybe generating multiple initial guesses and running the optimization from each, then choosing the best result. This is called a multi-start approach. Since the user has a time budget of 100 seconds, and 10 CPUs, perhaps this could be feasible.

But how to implement that in the code? Well, the current code runs a single optimization. To do a multi-start, we could generate several different initial guesses, run the optimization from each, and keep the best result.

However, generating good initial guesses is important. For example, using the initial_h_values as one starting point, and then generating others by perturbing it, or using structured patterns.

But how to generate those? Maybe by creating random perturbations of the initial guess, or using a different structured pattern.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess based on a known construction. For example, if there's a known optimal pattern for smaller n_points, we can use that.

But since the user hasn't provided such information, perhaps the best approach is to use the initial guess and try to improve it.

Another thought: the previous code uses the full correlation, which for n_points samples, the full correlation has length 2n_points - 1. However, the maximum is taken over all these values. But perhaps the maximum occurs at certain shifts, and we can focus the optimization on those shifts.

But I'm not sure. Maybe the code is correct as is.

Another idea: the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum of several functions. So, perhaps using a penalty method where the objective is to minimize the maximum, which can be approximated by adding a penalty term for each shift. However, this would require considering all shifts, which is computationally expensive.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model that approximates the maximum of the integrals and optimizing that.

But again, this is getting complex.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients and can handle non-convex problems better. Also, increasing the number of iterations and adjusting the tolerance parameters.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, using a pattern where h(x) is 1 in certain intervals that are spaced out.

Let me think about how to create such an initial guess. Suppose we divide the interval [0,2] into m equal parts, and select some of them to be 1. For example, if we have m=4 intervals, each of length 0.5. If we select two non-overlapping intervals, the total area is 1. But when shifted by 0.5, the overlap would be the area where both intervals overlap. If the intervals are non-overlapping, then shifting by 0.5 would cause some overlap. For example, if the first interval is [0, 0.5], the second is [1, 1.5], then shifting by 0.5 would make the first interval [0.5, 1.0], which overlaps with the second interval [1, 1.5] at x=1.0. The overlap area would be 0.5 * 0.5 = 0.25? Or wait, the integral would be the area of overlap between the original and shifted intervals. For the first interval [0, 0.5], shifted by 0.5, it becomes [0.5, 1.0]. The second interval is [1, 1.5]. The overlap is at x=1.0, which is a line, so area zero. So the overlap integral would be zero. But that's not correct. Wait, the overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So for k=0.5, the integral would be the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x + 0.5) is 0. In this case, for x in [0, 0.5], h(x) is 1, and h(x + 0.5) is 1 if x + 0.5 is in [1, 1.5], which is when x is in [0.5, 1.0]. So for x in [0, 0.5), h(x) is 1 and h(x+0.5) is 0 (since x+0.5 is in [0.5, 1.0), which is not part of the second interval [1, 1.5]. Wait, the second interval is [1, 1.5], so x+0.5 is in [1, 1.5] when x is in [0.5, 1.0]. So for x in [0, 0.5), x+0.5 is in [0.5, 1.0), which is not in the second interval, so h(x+0.5) is 0. Thus, the integral for k=0.5 would be the integral from 0 to 0.5 of 1 * (1 - 0) dx = 0.5. Similarly, for other shifts. This might not be optimal.

But this is just an example. The point is, creating a structured initial guess could help. So perhaps generating such a pattern as an initial guess and then optimizing from there.

But how to implement this? For example, creating an initial guess where h(x) is 1 in certain intervals that are spaced out.

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern like a sine wave or other function that has low overlap when shifted. But since h is a step function, it's discrete.

Another idea: since the integral is 1, the function must have an average of 0.5. So perhaps the function is designed to be 1 in regions that are spread out, such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

But again, how to translate this into code.

Perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimizer and/or initial guess. Let's think about the previous code. It uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe changing the optimizer to COBYLA, which handles bounds and constraints, or using a different method.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method with better hyperparameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations, adjusting the tolerance, or using a different method like L-BFGS-B.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might not be optimal. Perhaps generating a better initial guess by using a structured pattern.

Let me think about how to generate a structured initial guess. For example, suppose we divide the interval [0,2] into m equal parts, and assign h(x) to be 1 in certain intervals. Let's say m=4, then each interval is 0.5. If we assign h(x) to be 1 in the first and third intervals, then the total area is 1.0. When shifted by k=0.5, the overlap would be the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x+0.5) is 0. For x in [0, 0.5), h(x)=1, h(x+0.5) is 0 (since x+0.5 is in [0.5, 1.0), which is not part of the third interval [1.0, 1.5]. So the overlap integral for k=0.5 would be 0.5. Similarly for other shifts. But this might not be the best.

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern with more intervals. For example, if m=8, with intervals of 0.25. Assigning h(x) to be 1 in intervals that are spaced out. For example, intervals 0-0.25, 0.5-0.75, 1.0-1.25, 1.5-1.75. Total area is 4 * 0.25 = 1.0. When shifted by k=0.25, the overlap would be the areas where both intervals overlap. For example, the first interval [0, 0.25] shifted by 0.25 becomes [0.25, 0.5], which overlaps with the second interval [0.5, 0.75] at x=0.5. So the overlap area is zero. But for other shifts, like k=0.5, the overlap might be larger. This is getting complicated.

But generating such a structured initial guess could be a way to start the optimization. However, implementing this would require code to generate the initial guess.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial guess provided by the user is already a good one, and the issue is with the optimization method. So, modifying the existing code to use a different optimizer, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients and might find better minima.

So, let's try modifying the code to use a different optimizer. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations, or using 'Nelder-Mead'.

But how to implement that. The current code uses SLSQP. Let's try changing the method to 'Nelder-Mead' and see if it gives better results.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses the initial_h_values as the starting point. Maybe generating multiple initial guesses by perturbing the initial_h_values and running the optimization from each could help find a better minimum.

But with the time budget of 100 seconds, and 10 CPUs, it's possible to run multiple optimizations in parallel.

However, the current code is designed to run a single optimization. To implement a multi-start approach, the code would need to generate several initial guesses and run the optimization from each, then select the best result.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimizer and/or increase the number of iterations.

So, let's try modifying the code to use the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a gradient-based method that handles bounds. Or using the 'COBYLA' method.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations and tighter tolerances.

Another idea: the previous code uses the full correlation, which for n_points samples, gives 2n_points - 1 values. However, the maximum is taken over all these values. But perhaps the maximum occurs at certain shifts, and we can focus on those shifts during optimization. For example, if we can find the shifts that are most likely to be the maximum, we can adjust the objective function to focus on those.

But this requires knowing which shifts are critical, which might not be possible without prior knowledge.

Alternatively, using a different way to compute the maximum. For example, using a surrogate model that approximates the maximum, but this is complex.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses the full correlation, which for n_points=80, gives 159 values. However, the maximum of these values is the C₅. To reduce the computational load, perhaps we can sample a subset of shifts, but this might not be accurate.

But given that the user wants to minimize the maximum, it's important to consider all possible shifts.

So, back to the optimization method. Let's try changing the optimizer to 'L-BFGS-B' or 'COBYLA', which might handle the problem better.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, first using a global optimizer to find a good initial guess, then refining it with a local optimizer.

But without knowing the exact implementation, it's hard to say.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=100). Maybe increasing this number would allow the optimizer to find a better minimum. However, with the time budget, it's important to balance the number of iterations and the time taken.

Alternatively, using a different optimization library. For example, using scipy.optimize.minimize with the 'SLSQP' method, but adjusting the parameters.

In the previous code, the options are {'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-8}. Perhaps increasing 'maxiter' to 200 or 300 would allow the optimizer to converge better.

Alternatively, using a different tolerance.

So, modifying the previous code to increase the maxiter and adjust the tolerances might help.

Another idea: the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe there's a better initial guess. For example, using a pattern where h(x) is 1 in certain intervals that are spaced out. Let's try generating such an initial guess.

For example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into 4 equal parts of length 0.5. Assign h(x) to be 1 in the first and third intervals. This gives an integral of 1.0. Then, when shifted by k=0.5, the overlap is 0.5, as discussed earlier. This might not be optimal, but it's a starting point.

To implement this, the initial_h_values could be generated as follows: for each x in [0, 2], h(x) is 1 if x is in [0, 0.5) or [1.0, 1.5), and 0 otherwise. This would give a step function with two intervals of length 0.5 each. The integral is 1.0. This could be a better initial guess than the one provided.

But how to generate this in code? Well, for n_points samples, we can create a step function that is 1 in certain intervals.

But since the user provides an initial_h_values, perhaps we can use that as a starting point, but generate other initial guesses as well.

However, without knowing the exact structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. But assuming that the initial_h_values is not optimal, perhaps generating a better initial guess would help.

In conclusion, the plan is:

1. Modify the existing code to use a different optimization method (like Nelder-Mead or L-BFGS-B) to escape local minima.

2. Increase the number of iterations and adjust tolerances for better convergence.

3. Generate a better initial guess by creating a structured pattern that minimizes overlaps, then use that as the starting point for the optimization.

4. Implement a multi-start approach by trying different initial guesses and selecting the best result.

However, given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimizer and/or increase the number of iterations.

So, let's try changing the optimizer to 'L-BFGS-B' and see if that helps. Also, increasing the maxiter.

Another thing to note: the previous code uses the 'SLSQP' method, which requires gradients. If the objective function is not smooth, this might not work well. However, the objective function is the maximum of several integrals, which might be non-smooth. So, using a gradient-based method might not be ideal.

In that case, using a derivative-free method like 'Nelder-Mead' might be better.

So, modifying the code to use 'Nelder-Mead' as the optimizer.

Let me draft the code changes.

The previous code uses:

result = minimize(
    objective,
    h,
    method='SLSQP',
    bounds=bounds,
    constraints=cons,
    options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-8}
)

Changing the method to 'Nelder-Mead' and adjusting the options.

Also, increasing the maxiter to, say, 200.

Another thing: the 'Nelder-Mead' method doesn't require bounds, but the problem has bounds on h[i]. So, perhaps using the 'L-BFGS-B' method which handles bounds.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations.

But given the time, perhaps trying 'L-BFGS-B' with bounds.

So, modifying the code:

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    global initial_h_values
    h = initial_h_values.copy()
    n_points = len(h)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def objective(h_flat):
        h = h_flat.reshape(n_points)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_flat):
        h = h_flat.reshape(n_points)
        return np.sum(h) - n_points / 2
    
    bounds = [(0, 1) for _ in range(n_points)]
    cons = [{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}]
    
    result = minimize(
        objective,
        h,
        method='L-BFGS-B',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=cons,
        options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-8}
    )
    
    best_h = result.x
    best_c5 = result.fun
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

But I'm not sure if this will help. Alternatively, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method.

Another idea: using a combination of methods. For example, first using a global optimizer like differential evolution, then refining with SLSQP.

But implementing differential evolution would require more code.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with a better initial guess.

In conclusion, the main changes would be to use a different optimizer, increase the number of iterations, and possibly generate a better initial guess.

So, the final code would involve modifying the optimizer and possibly the initial guess.

Another possible improvement: using a different discretization. For example, using n_points=100 instead of 80, which might allow for a more precise optimization. However, the user prefers smaller sequences, so n_points=80 might be better.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimizer and increase the number of iterations.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    global initial_h_values
    h = initial_h_values.copy()
    n_points = len(h)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def objective(h_flat):
        h = h_flat.reshape(n_points)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_flat):
        h = h_flat.reshape(n_points)
        return np.sum(h) - n_points / 2
    
    bounds = [(0, 1) for _ in range(n_points)]
    cons = [{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}]
    
    # Use L-BFGS-B with tighter tolerances and more iterations
    result = minimize(
        objective,
        h,
        method='L-BFGS-B',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=cons,
        options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8}
    )
    
    best_h = result.x
    best_c5 = result.fun
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```