<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a local optimization approach with SLSQP, but it didn't reach the target of 0.380876. I need to think of a better strategy.

First, I should understand the problem again. The function h is a step function over [0,2], with integral 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. We need to minimize this maximum value.

The previous approach used multiple restarts with random initial guesses and perturbations, but maybe that's not sufficient. Let me think about the lessons mentioned. One was to normalize the sum during optimization. The current code already enforces the sum constraint via the constraints, but maybe during the optimization steps, it's better to enforce it more strictly. However, the code already does that with the equality constraint.

Another idea: maybe the problem is that the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. So perhaps using a different optimization method or a more global search strategy would help. For example, using genetic algorithms or simulated annealing. But the previous code used SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe switching to a different method or combining with a global search could help.

Wait, but the user mentioned that the code should be efficient, and with a time budget of 100 seconds. So maybe a more sophisticated approach is needed. Alternatively, maybe the initial guess is not good enough. The initial_h_values is given, but perhaps starting from different initial points could help. However, the code already alternates between perturbing the initial guess and generating random ones.

Another observation: the overlap integral is maximized over k. So, for each k, we need to compute the integral. The cross-correlation approach is correct here, as the cross-correlation of h and 1-h gives the integral for different shifts. But maybe there's a way to model this more effectively.

Wait, the cross-correlation is computed with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. The maximum of these values multiplied by dx is the C5. So, the problem is to find h such that the maximum of these cross-correlation values is minimized.

Another thought: perhaps the problem can be transformed into a more tractable form. For example, considering that h is a step function, maybe we can model it with certain patterns. For instance, using a periodic or symmetric structure. But how?

Alternatively, maybe using a more structured optimization approach. For example, using a gradient-based method with better handling of constraints. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method. Maybe adjusting the parameters, like increasing the number of iterations or using a different method.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed number of restarts (20). Maybe increasing that number could help, but with the time budget, that might not be feasible. Also, the time per restart is important. For example, if each optimization takes 5 seconds, 20 restarts would take 100 seconds, which is the budget. But perhaps the code could be optimized to run faster.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (200) for each optimization. Maybe reducing that number and increasing the number of restarts could help, but again, time is a constraint.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization library. The previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe using a different solver, like COBYLA or another method, could yield better results. Or perhaps using a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the parameter space more efficiently.

Wait, but the user mentioned that the code can use any of the solvers in scipy, including CVXOPT, Gurobi, etc. However, the previous code didn't use those. Maybe using a more powerful solver could help. But integrating that into the code might be complex. For example, using CVXOPT for convex optimization, but the problem isn't convex. So that might not be applicable.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be approximated with a different formulation. For example, instead of directly minimizing the maximum, perhaps using a penalty method. But the previous code already uses the maximum as the objective function.

Another angle: the current code uses the maximum of the cross-correlation values. However, perhaps the maximum occurs at certain shifts, like k=0.5, 1.0, etc. Maybe focusing the optimization on those specific shifts could help. But how to model that?

Alternatively, considering that the integral over all k is related to the Fourier transform. Maybe using harmonic analysis techniques to design h. For example, ensuring that the Fourier coefficients of h and 1-h are such that their product is minimized. But this is more of a theoretical approach and might be hard to translate into an optimization problem.

Wait, the problem is similar to designing a function that minimizes the maximum overlap with its shifted versions. This is related to the concept of "anti-correlation" in signal processing. Maybe using a function with certain symmetry properties could help. For example, a function that is periodic or has a specific pattern that reduces the overlap.

But how to translate that into a practical optimization approach?

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points). The initial_h_values has n=95. Maybe trying with a different number of points, like a smaller n, could lead to better results. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. But the user's target is to find a better bound, so perhaps trying with different n could help. However, the initial code uses the given initial_h_values, which is n=95. Maybe trying with a different n, like 100 or 200, could be better. But the time budget is tight, so perhaps the code should stick to the initial n.

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values is not optimal, and starting from a different initial guess could help. For example, using a more structured initial guess, like a periodic function or a function with certain properties.

Another idea: the current code uses a random initial guess, but maybe a better initial guess can be constructed. For example, using a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged to minimize overlap. For instance, a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that shifts don't cause high overlap.

But how to construct such a function? For example, if h is 1 on intervals of length 1/2 and 0 elsewhere, but that might not satisfy the integral constraint. Wait, the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So if h is 1 on a subset of [0,2] with measure 1, then the integral is 1. So maybe a function that is 1 on intervals spaced out to avoid overlapping when shifted.

But designing such a function manually is difficult. However, maybe the initial_h_values is such a function, and the code could be modified to improve upon it.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be approached by considering that the maximum overlap occurs at specific shifts. For example, the maximum might be achieved when k is such that the shifted h overlaps with the original h in a way that maximizes the product. So, perhaps the code could focus on minimizing the overlap for these critical shifts.

But how to determine which shifts are critical? Maybe by analyzing the cross-correlation function and focusing on those shifts that contribute the most.

Another approach: instead of using a single objective function that is the maximum of all cross-correlations, perhaps use a different formulation. For example, using a penalty function that penalizes large cross-correlations. However, this is similar to the current approach.

Wait, the current code uses the maximum of the cross-correlations as the objective. But perhaps the maximum is not smooth, making optimization difficult. Maybe using a different objective, like the sum of the cross-correlations, but that would not directly minimize the maximum. However, this is a trade-off.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization method that can handle non-smooth objectives. For example, using a genetic algorithm or particle swarm optimization. However, these methods are generally slower and might not fit within the time budget.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code. Let's think about the previous code's shortcomings.

The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations per optimization could help. Also, the initial guess might be better if we use a more informed starting point. For example, using a function that is known to have good properties for this problem.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided. Maybe the code could start from that and perform more extensive optimization. Alternatively, perhaps the initial_h_values is not optimal, and a better initial guess could be constructed.

Another idea: during the optimization, enforce the sum constraint more strictly. The current code uses an equality constraint, but perhaps during the optimization steps, it's better to normalize the h values after each update. For example, after each iteration, scale h so that the sum is correct. This could prevent numerical issues and ensure the constraint is satisfied.

Wait, the current code uses the equality constraint, so the optimizer should maintain the sum. However, due to numerical precision, there might be slight deviations. Adding a normalization step after each update could help. For example, after computing the objective, normalize h to ensure the sum is correct.

But how to implement that? Maybe modifying the objective function to include a normalization step. However, this could complicate the optimization process. Alternatively, during the optimization, after each parameter update, normalize the h values.

But the previous code already uses the equality constraint, so the optimizer should handle that. However, in practice, the constraint might not be perfectly satisfied due to numerical errors. Adding a normalization step could help.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of restarts (20). Maybe increasing this number could lead to better results, but with the time budget, this might not be feasible. However, if each restart takes less time, it could be worth trying.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which is a derivative-free optimization algorithm. It might be better at avoiding local minima. However, it's slower than SLSQP. But with the time budget, perhaps it's manageable.

Another idea: using a combination of methods. For example, using a global search method to find a good initial guess, then refining it with a local optimizer. But again, time is a constraint.

Let me think about the code structure. The current code uses minimize with SLSQP. Maybe changing the method to 'COBYLA' or 'L-BFGS-B' could yield better results. Let me check the scipy documentation. COBYLA is for bounds and constraints, and it's a derivative-free method. L-BFGS-B is for bounded variables and uses gradients. Maybe using L-BFGS-B with a more accurate gradient could help.

But how to compute the gradient of the objective function? The current code uses the cross-correlation, which is a bit complex. However, the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. The maximum is a non-differentiable function, making gradient-based methods challenging. So using a gradient-based method might not be effective here.

Hmm, this complicates things. The objective function is the maximum of several values, which is not differentiable at points where the maximum is achieved by multiple values. This could lead to issues with gradient-based methods.

So perhaps the previous approach of using SLSQP is not ideal, as the objective function's non-differentiability could hinder convergence. Maybe using a different approach, such as a genetic algorithm, would be better, even though it's slower.

But with the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, perhaps a parallelized genetic algorithm could be feasible. However, implementing that would require significant code changes.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be approximated by considering that the maximum occurs at a few specific shifts. For example, if we can find the shifts that contribute the most to the maximum, then focus the optimization on minimizing those.

But how to determine which shifts are critical? Maybe by evaluating the cross-correlation for different k values and identifying the ones that are largest. Then, during the optimization, we can focus on minimizing those specific shifts.

However, this would require modifying the objective function to penalize those specific shifts more heavily. For example, instead of taking the maximum over all k, we could take a weighted sum of the cross-correlations for the most critical shifts. This is a heuristic approach, but it might help the optimizer find a better solution.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum, perhaps using a binary search approach. For example, trying to find the smallest possible C5 by checking if a certain value is achievable. However, this would require solving an optimization problem for each candidate C5, which might be computationally intensive.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to a Chebyshev approximation problem, where we want to minimize the maximum deviation. This might suggest using a method like the Remez algorithm, but adapting it to this problem.

But I'm not sure how to apply the Remez algorithm here. It might be too complex to implement.

Let me think again about the initial code. The main issue might be that the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. To address this, perhaps using a different initial guess or a more diverse set of initial guesses could help. For example, generating multiple initial guesses with different patterns and then optimizing each.

Another approach is to use a more sophisticated optimization library. For example, using the 'scipy.optimize' with a different method, or using a solver like IPOPT, which is more robust for constrained optimization. However, the user mentioned that the code can use any of the solvers listed, including Gurobi, etc. But integrating those might require additional setup.

Alternatively, maybe using a different parameterization of h. For example, instead of using a step function with discrete values, using a continuous function and then discretizing it. However, this would complicate the optimization.

Wait, the problem specifies that h is a step function represented as n_points samples. So the parameterization is fixed. Therefore, the code must work with the given structure.

Another idea: the current code uses the cross-correlation directly, but maybe there's a way to approximate or simplify the objective function. For example, considering that the maximum cross-correlation occurs at certain shifts, and focusing the optimization on those shifts.

But again, this is a heuristic.

Let me consider the time budget. The previous code runs for 100 seconds with 20 restarts. If each restart takes about 5 seconds, that's 100 seconds. Maybe increasing the number of restarts could help, but the code is already doing that.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with tighter tolerances or more iterations.

Wait, in the previous code, the options are {'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-8}. Maybe increasing the maxiter could help, but that would take more time. However, with the time budget, it's possible that the code could run for longer if the per-iteration time is low.

Another thought: the initial_h_values might be a good starting point. Maybe the code could start from that and perform more extensive optimization. For example, using the initial guess and perturbing it more carefully.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess that is known to have good properties. For example, a function that is 1 on intervals spaced in a way that minimizes overlap when shifted.

But without knowing the structure of the optimal h, it's hard to design such a function.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So, maybe the optimal h is a function that is 0.5 everywhere, but that would make the overlap integral 0.5 for all k, which is worse than the current best. So that's not helpful.

Alternatively, maybe a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged to minimize overlap. For example, if h is 1 on intervals of length 1/2, then shifting by 1 would cause overlap. But the integral would be 1, so the total length of intervals where h is 1 would be 1. So, for example, h could be 1 on [0, 0.5], [1, 1.5], etc. But this would have overlaps when shifted by 0.5 or 1.0.

But designing such a function requires careful placement of the intervals to minimize the maximum overlap.

However, this is similar to the initial_h_values, which might already be an approximation of such a function. So perhaps the code could be modified to refine this structure.

In conclusion, the main issues with the previous code are:

1. It may be getting stuck in local minima.
2. The optimization method may not be suitable for the non-differentiable objective function.
3. The initial guesses may not be diverse enough.

To address these, the new approach should:

- Use a more diverse set of initial guesses.
- Employ a more robust optimization method.
- Possibly use a different parameterization or heuristic.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, such as COBYLA, and increase the number of restarts. Also, adding a normalization step during the optimization process to ensure the sum constraint is strictly satisfied.

Another idea: during the optimization, after each update to h, normalize it to ensure the sum is correct. This can be done by scaling h so that sum(h) = n_points / 2. This would help maintain the constraint and prevent numerical errors.

So, modifying the objective function to include this normalization step. However, this might complicate the optimization, as the normalization is an additional step. Alternatively, during the optimization, after computing the objective, normalize the h values.

But how to integrate this into the code. For example, in the previous code, the objective function is the cross-correlation. If after computing the objective, we normalize h, this could help.

Alternatively, during the optimization, after each parameter update, normalize h. But this would require modifying the optimization process.

Alternatively, the constraint is already enforced via the equality constraint, so the optimizer should maintain it. However, due to numerical precision, there might be small deviations. Adding a normalization step after each optimization step could help.

Another idea: using a different solver that is better suited for constrained optimization. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with a more accurate gradient approximation.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, increase the number of restarts, and add normalization steps.

So, here's a plan for the new code:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Perform multiple restarts with different initial guesses, including perturbations of the initial_h_values and random guesses.
- Use a more robust optimization method, such as 'COBYLA' or 'L-BFGS-B'.
- Add a normalization step after each optimization step to ensure the sum constraint is met.
- Increase the number of restarts to explore more of the search space.
- Use tighter tolerances and more iterations for each optimization.

But how to implement this in code.

Let me outline the steps:

1. Define the objective function as before, but during the optimization, after each update, normalize h to ensure the sum is correct.

Wait, but the optimizer should already handle the constraint. However, due to numerical issues, the sum might not be exactly correct. Adding a normalization step after each iteration could help. For example, after computing the objective, scale h so that the sum is correct.

But how to integrate this into the optimization process. Perhaps modifying the objective function to include this normalization.

Alternatively, during the optimization, after each evaluation of the objective, normalize h. However, this would require modifying the objective function.

But the objective function is the cross-correlation, which depends on h. So, if we normalize h after computing the objective, it would change the h values for subsequent iterations. This might not be appropriate, as the optimizer is trying to minimize the objective based on the current h.

This could lead to instability. So, perhaps it's better to rely on the equality constraint enforced by the optimizer.

Another idea: during the optimization, use a penalty method where the objective function includes a penalty term for deviations from the sum constraint. However, the current code already uses an equality constraint, so this is redundant.

In conclusion, the main changes would be to use a different optimization method and increase the number of restarts. Let me try implementing this.

The previous code used SLSQP. Let's try using COBYLA instead, which is suitable for bounds and constraints. Also, increase the number of restarts to 50, and increase the maxiter to 300.

Additionally, adding a normalization step after each optimization step to ensure the sum is correct.

Wait, but the optimizer should already maintain the constraint. However, during the optimization, the parameters might deviate slightly. So, after each evaluation of the objective, normalize h.

But how to do that. For example, in the objective function, after computing the cross-correlation, normalize h. However, this would change the h values for the next iteration, which might not be correct.

Alternatively, during the optimization, after each iteration, the optimizer ensures the constraint is met. So, the normalization step is not needed.

Perhaps the previous code's issue is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. So, increasing the number of restarts and using a better initial guess could help.

Another idea: use a different initial guess construction. For example, instead of random guesses, use a structured initial guess based on known patterns.

But without knowing the optimal pattern, this is difficult.

In summary, the new code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Perform more restarts (e.g., 50).
- Use a different optimization method (e.g., COBYLA).
- Increase the number of iterations per optimization.
- Possibly add a normalization step.

Let me try coding this.

The code would need to import the necessary modules, define the objective function, and adjust the optimization parameters.

Also, the user mentioned that the initial_h_values is a global variable. So, the code should use that as the initial guess.

Another thing to consider: the previous code used a fixed n_points. The initial_h_values has n=95. Maybe trying with a different n could help, but the user prefers smaller sequences. However, the current code uses the given initial_h_values, so it's best to stick with that.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

The new code would:

- Use COBYLA as the optimization method.
- Increase the number of restarts.
- Use tighter tolerances.
- Maybe add a normalization step.

But how to implement the normalization step. Perhaps during the optimization, after each evaluation of the objective function, normalize h. However, this would require modifying the objective function.

Alternatively, during the optimization, after the optimizer returns, check the sum and normalize if necessary. But this is not part of the optimization process.

Alternatively, during the optimization, the equality constraint ensures the sum is correct. So, the normalization step is not needed.

So, the new code would look something like this:

Use the same initial_h_values, but with more restarts and a different optimization method.

Let me write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
from scipy.signal import correlate

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Assume initial_h_values is a global variable
    initial_h = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_h)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    # Define the objective function
    def objective(h):
        # Compute cross-correlation with 1 - h
        cross_corr = correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        # Find the maximum value in the cross-correlation
        max_corr = np.max(cross_corr)
        return max_corr * dx

    # Define constraints
    def constraint(h):
        return np.sum(h) - n_points / 2

    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    # Function to generate a random initial guess
    def random_initial_guess():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        # Normalize to meet the sum constraint
        h = h * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h)
        return h

    # Function to perturb the initial guess
    def perturb(h, seed=None):
        np.random.seed(seed)
        perturbation = np.random.uniform(-0.2, 0.2, size=len(h))
        return np.clip(h + perturbation, 0.0, 1.0)

    # Run multiple optimizations
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_h.copy()

    # Number of restarts
    num_restarts = 50  # Increased for more exploration

    for i in range(num_restarts):
        # Generate a random initial guess or perturb the initial_h
        if i % 2 == 0:
            # Use the initial guess with perturbation
            h_initial = perturb(initial_h, seed=seed + i)
        else:
            # Generate a random initial guess
            h_initial = random_initial_guess()
        
        # Perform optimization with COBYLA method for better constraint handling
        result = minimize(objective, h_initial, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds, constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint}, options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'disp': False})
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
        else:
            # If optimization fails, try the perturbed guess
            current_c5 = objective(h_initial)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = h_initial

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```