<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral, which is essentially the maximum correlation between h and 1-h over different shifts. The previous approach used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimizations starting from an initial guess. But maybe I can come up with a better strategy.

First, I should think about the problem structure. The integral C₅ is the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since h is a step function, perhaps there's a way to model this with some periodic patterns or specific arrangements of intervals where h is 1 or 0. The challenge is to arrange these intervals such that when you shift the function, the overlap (product of h and 1 - h) is minimized.

The previous code used an initial guess and then tried different optimization methods. Maybe instead of starting from the initial guess, I should consider other starting points. Also, maybe a different optimization approach would be more effective.

Wait, the current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876, which is really close. So the improvement needs to be very small. The previous method achieved 0.381142, which is slightly worse. To get better, perhaps the optimization needs to be more focused.

Another thought: the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum overlap. This resembles the problem of designing a function to minimize the maximum inner product with shifted versions. Maybe there's a known optimal structure for such problems. For example, using a periodic function with certain intervals.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is over a shift, perhaps we can model this as a convolution. The maximum of the convolution of h with 1 - h. But since the integral is over all shifts, the maximum value of this convolution would be our C₅.

In terms of optimization, maybe using a more sophisticated optimization algorithm, like genetic algorithms, but the previous code already tried differential evolution. However, perhaps fine-tuning the parameters or combining different approaches.

Another angle: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a bilevel optimization approach. However, that's computationally expensive. Alternatively, we could use a heuristic that tries to balance the overlaps across different shifts.

Wait, the current approach uses SLSQP and differential evolution, but perhaps a better approach would be to use a gradient-based method with more careful constraints or to use a different starting point.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given. Maybe instead of using that, we can generate different starting points. For instance, using a more structured approach, like placing the 1s and 0s in a pattern that minimizes the maximum overlap. For example, arranging intervals in a way that when shifted, they don't overlap much with their complements.

But how to model that? Maybe a binary pattern where 1s are spaced out in a regular way. For example, a periodic function where 1s occur with a certain period. But with the constraint that the integral over [0,2] of h is 1, meaning that the total length of intervals where h is 1 is 1.

Wait, the integral over [0,2] of h(x) dx is 1. Since the length of the interval is 2, this means that the average value of h is 0.5. So h is a step function with some areas where it's 1 and others where it's 0, and overall, the sum of the lengths of the 1 intervals is 1.

So if I can find a way to arrange these intervals such that the overlap with shifted versions is minimized. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into parts where h is 1 and 0, such that when you shift the function, the overlapping regions are as small as possible.

Maybe using a pattern like a square wave with specific duty cycles, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint. Or perhaps a combination of different pulse trains.

Another idea: perhaps the optimal function is a combination of overlapping intervals that are spaced in such a way that the maximum overlap is minimized. For example, using multiple pulses that are spaced apart so that their shifted versions don't overlap much.

But how to model this with a step function? Let's think of the function h(x) as being 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere. Then, for each shift k, the overlap integral would be the measure of the set where both h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. Which is equivalent to the measure of x where x is in the 1 regions of h and x + k is in the 0 regions of h. This is equivalent to the measure of x in the 1 regions minus the overlap with the shifted 0 regions.

Alternatively, since h is a step function, perhaps the optimal function has a structure where each 1 region is followed by a 0 region, and the pattern repeats in a way that shifts don't cause too much overlap.

Alternatively, since the problem is over the interval [0,2], maybe the optimal solution has symmetry. For instance, arranging the 1s and 0s in a symmetric way around the midpoint of the interval.

But how to translate this into an algorithm? Maybe generate different candidate functions and optimize them.

Wait, the previous code tried using various generated functions like generate_wave and generate_binary, but perhaps those are not optimal. Maybe a better approach is to use a grid search or another heuristic.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is the convolution of h with (1 - h), the maximum value of this convolution is what we need to minimize. To minimize the maximum of the convolution, perhaps we can use a heuristic where we try to make the convolution as flat as possible. This is similar to designing a function with minimal energy in the Fourier domain. But how to do that with the constraints?

Alternatively, we can consider the problem in the frequency domain. The convolution theorem states that the Fourier transform of the convolution is the product of the Fourier transforms. But since the convolution here is of h and 1-h, perhaps we can analyze it in terms of Fourier coefficients. However, this might be complex and not directly applicable for optimization.

Another approach is to model the problem as a constrained optimization. The constraints are that the integral of h is 1, and 0 ≤ h(x) ≤ 1. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the integral over shifts. Since this is a nonlinear and non-convex problem, optimization is challenging.

In the previous code, the approach was to start with initial guess and use optimization methods. But perhaps using a better initial guess is important. For example, using a pattern that is known to perform well for similar problems, like a certain multi-peak configuration.

Alternatively, the problem is similar to a covering problem where we want to cover the interval [0,2] with intervals of 1s such that the maximum overlap with shifted intervals is minimized. But again, how to model this.

Another idea: the optimal function h may have a certain number of intervals where it's 1. For example, if we split the interval [0,2] into several parts, each with 1s in specific regions. The more intervals we have, the better we can spread out the 1s, but there's a trade-off with the integral constraint.

But with the given constraints, how to balance this. For example, if we divide the interval into m sections, each with a certain length. The total length of all 1s should be 1.

Perhaps using a regular pattern. For example, if m is the number of 1 regions, each of length L, then mL = 1. But m must be such that the total length is 1. However, the exact arrangement of these intervals would affect the overlap.

But again, how to translate this into code that can find the optimal configuration.

Another thought: the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts. So perhaps the optimal function should have certain peaks and valleys so that for any shift, the overlap is minimized. For example, if the function h alternates between high and low values in a way that shifting it would cause the overlap to be low.

This is getting a bit abstract. Let's think of practical steps. The previous code used a combination of different optimization methods, but maybe there's a way to improve it.

First, perhaps the initial guess is not optimal. So, instead of using the initial_h_values, maybe generating better initial guesses would be better. For example, using a regular structure like a sine wave with certain parameters.

Alternatively, maybe using a more systematic grid-based approach for the optimization. But with the time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Another idea: the previous code used differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, and then followed up with local optimization (SLSQP and Powell). Maybe adjusting the parameters of these methods or using more parallel evaluations could help. However, with only 1 CPU, parallelism is limited.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where different starting points are considered, each with different structures. For example, generating a set of candidate functions (like square waves with different frequencies and duty cycles) and then optimizing each with local methods.

Wait, the previous code already tried generating different guesses. But maybe generating more varied guesses could help. For instance, varying the number of intervals or the duty cycles more widely.

Another approach: instead of using the initial guess, perhaps generate multiple different initial configurations and optimize them. For example, creating a grid of possible waveforms and then optimizing each.

But with the time budget, this might be computationally expensive. However, since the code is allowed to run for up to 100 seconds, perhaps it's feasible.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach with surrogate models to guide the search. But implementing that from scratch might be too time-consuming.

Alternatively, focusing more on the local optimization steps. The previous code used SLSQP and Powell. Perhaps using more iterations or tighter tolerances in those steps.

Another thought: the current code has a line where it does a differential evolution and then an SLSQP optimization. Maybe after that, there's a Powell optimization. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or adjusting parameters in these steps could lead to better results.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is over all k, perhaps the optimal function has certain symmetries. For example, the function might be designed such that certain shifts (like k=0.5, 1.0, etc.) have minimal overlap. So, maybe constraining the function to be symmetric with respect to these shifts could help.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral depends on the function's shape, perhaps using a function that has equal spacing between the 1 regions and 0 regions, arranged to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted.

But again, how to translate this into code.

Another idea: The problem can be viewed as minimizing the maximum of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx for all k. This can be seen as a max-min problem. To minimize the maximum, maybe we can use a heuristic that tries to make all these integrals as equal as possible. This is similar to a load balancing problem.

But how to do that numerically. Perhaps by setting up an optimization where we try to minimize the maximum integral by adjusting h to balance the integrals over different shifts.

But given that the number of shifts is infinite (or effectively, a large number depending on the step size), this is challenging. However, in practice, the function is discretized into n_points samples, so the number of possible shifts k that need to be evaluated is limited.

Wait, the evaluation uses np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), which gives all possible shifts. For a discretized function h, the maximum over these shifts is the C5 value. So the problem is to find h that minimizes this maximum value.

So maybe the code can focus on optimizing h such that all the shifts' integrals are as small as possible. But again, how to model this.

Perhaps using a more sophisticated optimization method, like using a neural network to approximate the optimal function. However, given the time and computational constraints, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, trying to find a better initial guess. For example, using a more structured initial function that's designed to minimize the overlap. For example, a function that has 1s and 0s arranged in a way that the shifts don't have much overlap. Like alternating between high and low regions with equal spacing.

For example, suppose the interval [0,2] is divided into m equal segments. Then, in each segment, the function h(x) is 1 for a certain portion and 0 for the rest. But how to choose m and the portion.

Alternatively, suppose we have the function h(x) as a series of pulses. For example, if we have two pulses each of length 0.5, placed at the start and middle of the interval. Then, when shifted by 1.0, the overlap would be the area where the first pulse overlaps with the second pulse's complement. However, the exact overlap would depend on the placement.

But this is getting into the details of a specific design, which might not generalize.

Another angle: the previous code used the initial_h_values, but maybe that's not the best starting point. Perhaps creating a new initial guess by generating a more optimal structure. For example, generating a function that is a periodic square wave with a certain frequency and duty cycle, adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

So, for example, if we have a square wave with period T, and duty cycle d, then the integral of h over [0,2] would be (d * T * number of periods) / 2, but this requires that the wave fits into the interval [0,2]. But this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, generating a function that is a combination of several low-pass filtered pulses, but again, how to implement this.

Another thought: the optimal function h(x) might be such that the set {x | h(x) = 1} is a union of intervals arranged such that no two intervals are too close to each other. So, if we can space the 1 regions apart, then shifting them would not cause much overlap.

But how to arrange this with the integral constraint. Suppose the total length of 1 regions is 1. So if there are m such intervals, each has length 1/m. Then, spacing them apart by some distance would minimize the maximum overlap.

For example, if there are two intervals of length 0.5 each, spaced apart so that they don't overlap when shifted. But if you shift by a certain amount, the overlap might occur.

But I need to connect this with the code. Maybe creating a function that has multiple intervals with specific lengths and positions.

However, this requires generating such functions programmatically and then optimizing them. For example, generating functions with varying numbers of intervals and optimizing parameters like their positions and lengths.

But this seems computationally intensive. However, perhaps for a small number of intervals, it's feasible.

Another approach: recognizing that the problem is similar to a covering problem, where h(x) is like a set of elements, and the integral is a measure of overlap with the complement when shifted. So, the goal is to select a set of points (or intervals) such that the maximum overlap with shifted complements is minimized.

But again, how to translate this into code.

Alternatively, using a metaheuristic like a genetic algorithm. However, genetic algorithms require careful tuning and are not trivial to implement from scratch.

But given that the code must be written in a limited time, perhaps the best way is to modify the existing approach, improve the initial guesses, and fine-tune the optimization parameters.

In the previous code, the initial guess is the initial_h_values. Maybe generating new initial guesses that are more diverse could help avoid local minima.

For example, using different waveforms, such as:

- A sawtooth wave with specific parameters
- A triangular wave
- Randomly generated waveforms with varying duty cycles
- Functions that are combinations of pulses

But again, generating these in code.

Another idea: the code could generate several different initial guesses, each with varying parameters, and then optimize each with different optimization methods. For example, for each initial guess, run the optimization with SLSQP, then with DE, then with Powell. This way, the search space is explored more thoroughly.

Moreover, using a better optimization setup, like using more iterations, tighter tolerances, or different constraint handling.

In the previous code, the constraint_sum is an equality constraint, which is handled by optimize.minimize. However, the constraints might need to be handled more carefully, especially with the bounds and the equality constraint.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient optimization method for the initial phase, like a gradient-based method with more steps, or using a different solver like IPOPT, but the code can only use the available solvers.

Wait, the code uses scipy.optimize, and the available solvers include SLSQP, differential evolution, and Powell. So, perhaps the previous code could be modified to use these more effectively.

For example, using SLSQP with more iterations and better initial guesses.

Alternatively, trying to use a combination of SLSQP and DE with different parameters.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is called with popsize=60, maxiter=50, and then followed by SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the mutation/recombination parameters could yield better results.

Also, the code limits the number of iterations based on the budget, which is a good idea to ensure it doesn't run over.

Another idea: the evaluation of the objective function is expensive. Since the objective function is the maximum of a convolution, which can be computed quickly for a given h. But with the constraints, the optimization is challenging.

Perhaps, instead of using a full convolution for the objective, we can compute only the maximum possible shift. However, the current approach already computes the full convolution and takes the max, which is correct.

Another thing to consider: the problem is highly non-convex, so the search for a global minimum is difficult. Therefore, using multiple different starting points and optimization methods is essential.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with generate_wave and generate_binary, but perhaps these could be improved. For example, generating functions with different numbers of intervals, or varying the phase.

For example, instead of fixing the period to 4,5,6,7, try more periods or different duty cycles. Also, maybe mixing different types of waveforms.

Alternatively, generating binary functions with different frequencies, but ensuring that the integral constraint is met.

Wait, the generate_binary function uses a sine wave and then thresholds it. However, for a binary function, the duty cycle determines the fraction of time the function is 1. But this may not be optimal.

Alternatively, perhaps creating a binary function that is a pulse train with specific spacing between pulses.

But again, this requires more code to generate such functions.

Another thought: perhaps using a combination of multiple different initial guesses, each with a different structure. For example, one guess is a binary square wave, another is a triangular wave, another is a noise-like function, etc. This could help the optimization escape local minima.

In the previous code, the generate_wave function is used with varying periods and duty cycles. The generate_binary function generates binary pulses with varying frequencies and duty cycles. Perhaps these can be adjusted to create more diverse initial guesses.

Another possible improvement is to use a more precise method for evaluating the objective function. For example, the previous code uses np.correlate with mode='full', but for the function h and (1-h), this gives the full convolution, and the maximum value is taken. However, the actual integral for a shift k is ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x +k)) dx. When the function is discretized, the integral is approximated by the sum over x of h[x] * (1 - h[x +k]) * dx. But the np.correlate function returns the convolution result, which is the sum over x of h[x] * (1 - h[x +k]) for varying k. So the code is correct in how it calculates the maximum.

So the main challenge is to find a way to get the optimization to find a better minimum.

To proceed, I can think of refining the existing approach by:

1. Generating more diverse initial guesses. For example, using different waveforms and parameters.
2. Adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods, such as increasing the number of iterations, using tighter tolerances.
3. Exploring different optimization strategies, like using a more sophisticated combination of methods.
4. Maybe using a better initial guess, such as a structured function that is known to perform well.

Let me try to outline the steps in code:

First, define a better set of initial guesses. For example, using square waves with different frequencies and duty cycles, and also some random noise.

Wait, the previous code uses generate_wave and generate_binary. Maybe generating more varied functions.

Another idea: generate functions that have more intervals, like multiple pulses of varying lengths and positions.

But how to generate that in code? For example, a function that has m intervals of 1s, positioned in a way to minimize overlap.

But this might be complex. Alternatively, generate a function that is a binary square wave with certain parameters.

Alternatively, for the initial guesses, use a combination of:

- Square waves with varying periods and duty cycles.
- Binary pulse trains with varying frequencies.
- Randomly perturbed functions.

But how to implement this.

Alternatively, generate functions that are combinations of these, such as a square wave with varying duty cycles and different number of pulses.

Let me also think about how to adjust the existing code.

In the existing code, the generate_wave function creates a sine-like wave with a given period and duty cycle, then clips and adjusts. The generate_binary function creates a binary wave based on sine.

Maybe improving these functions could lead to better initial guesses. For example, generating waveforms with more distinct peaks and valleys.

Another idea: use a function that is a combination of multiple square waves with different frequencies, to create a more complex structure.

But given the time constraints, maybe it's better to refine the existing approach.

Another possible optimization: use a more efficient optimization method for the initial phase. For example, using the SLSQP method with more iterations and better settings.

Alternatively, using a local optimization method after the differential evolution to refine the solution.

One key thing in the previous code is that after the differential evolution step, they call SLSQP again to refine the solution. That might not be enough. Perhaps adding more refinement steps or using a different method.

Another thing: the code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess, which might be a starting point. But perhaps generating a better first guess could help. For example, using a structured function that has the right properties.

Wait, the current best is C₅=0.38085. The previous code found 0.381142. So the target is to find something better. Perhaps by generating a better initial guess and using more effective optimization steps.

Let me think about the existing code's structure. The main steps are:

1. Initialize with initial_h_values.
2. Generate several guesses via generate_wave and generate_binary.
3. For each guess, run SLSQP optimization, keeping the best result.
4. Run DE and refine with SLSQP again.
5. Run Powell optimization to further refine.

To improve this, perhaps adding more guesses, or modifying the generate functions to create more diverse initial points.

For example, in the generate_wave function, perhaps varying the period more widely, not just 4, 5, 6, 7. Maybe 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, or other values.

Also, generating binary functions with different frequencies and duty cycles might create more varied guesses.

Moreover, in the code, the initial guesses are added to the list, but maybe the code can generate more guesses.

Another idea: instead of using generate_binary for specific frequencies and duty cycles, generate multiple versions with varying parameters.

Alternatively, generate functions with random offset and phases.

But this requires adding more lines to the code.

Alternatively, the code could use a combination of different methods to find a better initial guess.

Another possible improvement: using a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using a covariance matrix adaptation evolutionary strategy (CMA-ES), but scipy's optimize does not have that. So, the existing methods are SLSQP, DE, and Powell.

Another thing to note: the code uses the maximum of the convolution, which is the C5 value. The current implementation uses the full convolution and takes the max. However, since the convolution is over all possible shifts, it's the correct approach.

In terms of the code structure, perhaps the main issue is that the initial guesses and the optimization parameters are not optimized enough. For example, maybe the DE parameters are too strict, leading to suboptimal solutions.

Another thing to consider: the code uses the initial_h_values, but if that is not the best start, generating a new initial guess could be beneficial. However, given that the initial_h_values is provided, we have to use it if available.

But to avoid getting stuck in local optima, perhaps the code should use multiple different initial guesses.

In summary, the plan is to:

- Improve the initial guesses by generating more diverse structures (like different waveforms, pulse trains, etc.).
- Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for more iterations or better convergence.
- Use a combination of different optimization methods with better parameters.
- Ensure that the code doesn't run out of time by carefully managing the budget.

Now, translating this into code. I'll modify the generate functions to create more varied initial guesses. Also, adjust the optimization steps to allow for more iterations or better convergence.

For example, in the generate_wave function, vary the period more, and generate both sine and square waves. Also, use more different duty cycles.

Another idea: generate more guesses by varying the parameters in a grid. For instance, for periods from 3 to 8, and duty cycles from 0.2 to 0.8.

However, since the code must be concise and the initial_h_values are provided, I'll focus on modifying the existing code to generate more varied initial guesses and fine-tune the optimization steps.

So, the modified code would:

1. Generate more initial guesses with different parameters.
2. Use a better combination of optimization methods with adjusted parameters.
3. Ensure that the code completes within the time budget.

Let me write the code step by step.

First, the initial guesses are generated with generate_wave and generate_binary. To enhance diversity, I'll expand the list of generated functions, perhaps adding more periods and duty cycles.

In the existing code, the generate_wave is called with periods 4,5,6,7 and duty 0.5. Maybe changing this to include more periods and varying duty cycles.

Similarly, for generate_binary, the frequencies and duties are fixed, but perhaps varying these parameters could help.

Another idea: for generate_wave, adding random phase shifts or using different waveforms like triangular or square.

But given the time, I'll proceed with modifying the existing functions.

Another point: the code uses the 'maxiter' parameter in the optimization steps. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP and DE could lead to better results.

Also, the code uses the Powell method as a final step. Perhaps adding more iterations there could help.

In the existing code, after the first SLSQP optimization, it runs DE with maxiter=50, and then SLSQP again. Maybe increasing these numbers would allow for better optimization.

Additionally, the code could use a different initial guess for the DE runs, such as the previous best_h.

Another idea: use a local search after differential evolution with more iterations.

In conclusion, the modified code would:

- Generate more initial guesses by varying parameters in the generate_wave and generate_binary functions.
- Increase the maxiter parameters for the optimization steps to allow for more refinement.
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution (like popsize, mutation, etc.) to explore the space more thoroughly.
- Use a combination of different optimization steps to refine the solution further.

Now, translating this into code.

In the generate_wave part, I'll change the periods and duty cycles. For example, instead of 4,5,6,7 periods, use 3,4,5,6,7,8 periods with varying duty cycles.

Similarly, in generate_binary, vary the frequencies and duty cycles.

Also, in the optimization steps, adjust the maxiter to higher values, and possibly adjust the ftol and eps to tighten the convergence.

Another important thing: the code must return the best solution found within the time budget. Therefore, careful management of the time is crucial.

In the previous code, after a certain time, it breaks out of loops. I'll keep that structure.

Now, writing the code with these changes:

1. Expand the generate_wave and generate_binary to create more guesses.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods.
3. Ensure that the code runs within the time budget.

Here's how the code might look:

The generate_wave function is modified to include more periods and duty cycles. For example, varying the period and duty cycle to generate more diverse guesses.

The generate_binary function is modified to include more frequencies and duty cycles.

In the optimization steps, the number of iterations is increased for SLSQP and DE. For example, in the SLSQP optimization, maybe increase maxiter to 500, and decrease ftol and eps for tighter convergence.

Also, the DE step uses maxiter=50, which might be increased to 100 for more exploration.

Another point: the previous code uses 'maxiter'=250 for SLSQP. Maybe increasing this to 500 could allow better optimization.

Finally, after these adjustments, the code should find a better solution.

Putting it all together, the revised code would look like this.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_wave(period, duty):
        t = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        y = 0.5 + 0.5 * np.sin(2 * np.pi * t / period)
        y = np.clip(y, 0, 1)
        y *= duty
        y += (1 - duty) * np.random.rand(n_points)
        return y
    
    def generate_binary(freq, duty):
        t = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        y = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * t) > 0
        y = np.clip(y.astype(float) * duty, 0, 1)
        return y
    
    guesses = [np.copy(h)]
    for p in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
        for d in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
            guesses.append(generate_wave(p, d))
    for f, d in [(3, 0.2), (4, 0.3), (5, 0.4), (6, 0.5), (7, 0.2), (8, 0.3)]:
        guesses.append(generate_binary(f, d))
    
    for guess in guesses:
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, guess, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(objective, bounds, popsize=80, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.7, tol=1e-9)
        if res.success:
            res_slsqp = optimize.minimize(objective, res.x, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                         constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                                         options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
            if res_slsqp.success and objective(res_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(res_slsqp.x)
                best_h = res_slsqp.x
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, best_h, method='Powell', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'xtol': 1e-9, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 50})
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```