<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral using a step function h on [0,2]. The previous approach used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimizations starting from initial_h_values with 45 points. But we need to find a better approach.

First, I need to understand the problem better. The overlap integral is computed using the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h, scaled by dx. The challenge is to find an h that minimizes the worst-case overlap. The current record is around 0.38085, and we aim for 0.380876 or better.

The previous code used a variety of initial guesses, including periodic and binary functions, and then applied optimization methods. However, maybe the initial guess isn't the best, or perhaps the optimization methods can be improved. Alternatively, maybe a different approach altogether could yield better results.

Let me think about possible strategies. One idea is to use a more structured approach. Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model it as an optimization problem with constraints. The constraints are that the integral of h is 1 (so the average is 0.5 over [0,2]), and h is in [0,1].

The problem can be seen as a minimax problem: minimize the maximum value of the integral over all shifts. However, solving this directly is challenging. Therefore, using numerical methods is necessary.

Another approach could be to use a genetic algorithm or other population-based optimization techniques, which might explore the search space more effectively. The previous code used differential evolution, which is a population-based method, but perhaps with better parameters.

Alternatively, maybe we can consider using a mathematical model that leverages symmetry or specific patterns. For example, perhaps arranging the steps of h in a way that balances the overlaps across different shifts.

But since the user wants an algorithm that can be coded in a concise way, perhaps using more advanced optimization techniques or adjusting hyperparameters could help.

Let me consider the previous code's approach. It starts with initial_h_values, which might be a good starting point. However, the previous code tried multiple initial guesses, which could lead to getting stuck in local optima. Maybe exploring different starting points or using a better optimization strategy would help.

Another thought: the previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a more efficient optimization method, like BFGS, but with constraints. Or perhaps using a combination of methods with different parameters.

Alternatively, maybe using a surrogate model or surrogate-based optimization could help, but that might be too complex for the time constraints.

Let me think about the constraints again. The integral of h must be 1, so sum(h) * dx = 1. The function h is a step function with n_points samples. The key is to find a h that, when shifted, doesn't have too much overlap with itself.

Another angle: the maximum overlap occurs at a certain shift k, so perhaps we can focus on minimizing the maximum k-based integral. But how to model this?

Maybe using a more sophisticated optimization method with gradient-based steps, but ensuring that constraints are handled properly.

The previous code used differential evolution with a population size of 80 and maxiter=40. Maybe increasing the population size or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters could lead to better results.

Wait, but the code is within a 100-second budget. So the algorithm must be efficient. The initial approach may take too long for certain steps.

Alternatively, perhaps starting with the initial_h_values and then applying more aggressive optimization steps, such as conjugate gradient or trust region methods, could yield better results.

Another idea: the problem is similar to finding a function that's as "spread out" as possible, which might be achieved by using a checkerboard pattern or some other periodic structure. Maybe combining multiple patterns could help.

But how to translate that into code? For example, creating a function that has alternating 0s and 1s, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be based on such a structure. If we can find a better structure, maybe that would help.

Wait, the user mentioned that the previous program achieved C₅ bound of 0.381142. The target is 0.38085. So the goal is to get closer to that.

Now, considering possible improvements:

1. Use a better initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point, but perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could help avoid local minima.

2. Adjust the optimization method. Maybe using a more effective method, such as a hybrid of SLSQP and differential evolution.

3. Use more efficient parameter tuning for the optimization algorithms. For example, adjusting the tolerance parameters, mutation rates, or other hyperparameters.

4. Implement a more sophisticated refinement step. For example, after finding a good candidate, perform a further optimization with tighter tolerances.

5. Use a different approach entirely. For example, instead of a step function, considering functions with more complex structures, but since the problem requires a step function, perhaps using a binary function (0s and 1s) might be better, as they can be optimized more easily.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the existing code by refining the optimization steps.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code uses multiple initial guesses, then applies SLSQP and differential evolution. The current code might be stuck in local optima, so perhaps using a more diverse set of initial guesses would help.

Alternatively, maybe using a different starting point. For example, starting with a binary function (like a set of 0s and 1s) that satisfies the integral constraint. But how to generate that?

Another idea: since the integral is 1 over [0,2], which is 0.5 per unit length. So if the function h is a binary function (0 or 1), then the number of 1s in the samples should be n_points/2 (since sum(h) = n_points / 2). So perhaps creating a binary function with half 1s and half 0s arranged in a way that minimizes the maximum overlap.

But generating such a function is non-trivial. However, for a binary function, the overlap integral could be calculated more easily. However, the previous code already used some binary functions as initial guesses.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal function has some symmetry or periodicity. For example, a function that repeats every certain interval, which could balance the overlaps.

In any case, the existing approach may need adjustment. Let me think about how to modify it.

Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or using more sophisticated initializations. Also, perhaps combining different optimization methods more effectively.

Another point: the code uses differential evolution with a population size of 80 and maxiter=40. Maybe increasing the maxiter could help, but that might take more time. However, since the code has a budget of 100 seconds, perhaps adjusting the parameters to balance between exploration and exploitation would be better.

Alternatively, using a tighter tolerance in the SLSQP optimization could yield better results. For example, reducing the ftol and eps parameters to get more precise optimization steps.

Also, the code uses multiple refinement steps with Powell's method. Maybe that's not the most effective. Perhaps replacing some of those steps with more efficient methods.

Another thought: the previous code starts with initial_h_values, which may be a good base. However, perhaps the initial guess is not optimal. So generating more initial guesses based on different patterns could help.

For example, creating functions with different periods (like 4, 5, etc.), binary functions with different frequencies, and perturbations of existing solutions.

But the previous code already does that. So perhaps the problem is that the optimization algorithm isn't efficient enough.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient optimization algorithm. For instance, using the COBYLA method or the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which might be more effective for this problem.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe combining a global search (like differential evolution) with a local search (like SLSQP) is effective, but perhaps using a different global search method or adjusting parameters could improve results.

Alternatively, using a constrained optimization library that supports more sophisticated methods, but the code already uses scipy's optimize.

Another idea: the problem involves minimizing a max function. Sometimes, converting the max into a constraint can help. However, since we're minimizing the maximum, we can model this as an optimization problem where the maximum value is minimized, but this is inherently a minimax problem. However, this is challenging to handle directly.

Alternatively, we can approximate the max by using a penalty method. But perhaps the existing approach of directly minimizing the max via the cross-correlation is sufficient.

In any case, the previous code's approach may be too slow or inefficient. So perhaps the way to improve it is to make the optimization steps more efficient, using better starting points, or using a different combination of methods.

Let me think about implementing the following changes:

1. Explore different starting points beyond the initial_h_values, such as more diverse periodic or binary functions. But the code already does that.

2. Use a better optimization method. For example, using SLSQP with tighter tolerances and more iterations, and combining it with differential evolution.

3. Use a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. Wait, the current code uses numpy.correlate, which is efficient. But perhaps there's a way to vectorize the calculations or use other optimizations.

4. Reduce the number of parameters by using a more structured approach. For example, using a function that has a specific pattern, like alternating between 0 and 1 in certain intervals, and then optimizing the parameters of that structure.

But this might be too vague.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap over all shifts, perhaps focusing on the worst-case shift is more important. So the function h should be designed such that for every shift k, the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) is minimized.

Now, thinking of this as a problem in signal processing, maybe the function h should be designed to have minimal correlation with itself. Hence, functions that are orthogonal to their time-shifted versions would be ideal. However, achieving this is impossible, so the next best thing is to minimize the maximum correlation.

Another idea: use a function that is as "flat" as possible, but that might not be optimal. Alternatively, a function that is "balanced" in some way.

Given all these thoughts, perhaps the most effective improvement is to adjust the optimization algorithm to use a better method, or to explore the search space more thoroughly.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include periodic functions and binary functions. Maybe adding more initial guesses, such as those based on different waveforms or more complex patterns, could help.

Another possible optimization is to use a combination of global and local methods. For example, using differential evolution for a global search and then refining the best solution with SLSQP.

Also, the code uses multiple refinement steps. Perhaps those refinements can be made more efficient by using different optimization methods or adjusting parameters.

In terms of code implementation, perhaps the following steps can be made:

- Generate a set of initial guesses that are more diverse and cover different possibilities.
- Use a more efficient optimization method for the initial steps.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization routines to balance exploration and exploitation.
- Incorporate more effective refinement steps.

Now, translating these ideas into code.

First, the code starts with initial_h_values, which is provided. But perhaps generating more initial guesses based on different patterns would help. For example, creating functions that have certain symmetry or periodicity.

But the previous code already includes generating periodic functions with different periods and binary functions with different frequencies. So maybe adding more such functions would help.

Another idea: use a binary function with a certain duty cycle, like 50% duty cycle, but arranged in a way that the overlaps are minimized.

Alternatively, using functions that are combinations of multiple patterns.

But again, this is vague.

Alternatively, perhaps the previous code's approach is sufficient, but the hyperparameters are not optimal. For example, in the SLSQP optimization, the maxiter could be increased, or the tolerance parameters adjusted.

Let me consider modifying the code's optimization steps. For example, increasing the 'maxiter' in the SLSQP method and using tighter tolerances. Also, in the differential evolution, using higher mutation and recombination parameters for better exploration.

Another point: the code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Perhaps generating more initial guesses, but in a controlled manner, could help. For example, generating multiple perturbations of the initial guess or using different starting patterns.

Moreover, the code includes some perturbations of previous guesses. But perhaps that's not enough.

Now, considering the time constraints, the code must run within 100 seconds. So, any changes that increase the number of iterations or guesses might exceed the time limit. Therefore, it's crucial to balance between thoroughness and efficiency.

Perhaps the most effective change is to use a different optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method in SLSQP, which is a limited memory version of BFGS, which might converge faster.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with a better initial guess.

Another idea: instead of using differential evolution, use a genetic algorithm, but that would require implementing it from scratch, which may not be feasible given the constraints.

Alternatively, combining differential evolution with a local search method.

In the previous code, after using differential evolution, it then applies SLSQP to further refine the solution. But perhaps this can be modified to use a more efficient method.

Let me outline possible changes to the code:

1. Increase the number of iterations in SLSQP and differential evolution, if within the time budget.

2. Adjust the tolerance parameters in SLSQP and differential evolution to get better convergence.

3. Use a more diverse set of initial guesses, such as more periodic or binary functions with varying parameters.

4. Use a different optimization method, like COBYLA, which is suitable for bounds and equality constraints.

But the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Let me think about implementing these changes.

For example, changing the SLSQP optimization to use a higher maxiter and tighter ftol.

Another possible change is to use the 'Nelder-Mead' method for the refinement steps, which may handle the constraints better.

Alternatively, replace the Powell method with a more effective one.

But given time constraints, perhaps the most feasible changes are to adjust the parameters of the existing methods and generate more diverse initial guesses.

Another approach could be to use the initial_h_values and then apply a more targeted optimization, such as using gradient descent with momentum, but again, this is more complex.

In summary, here's a plan for the code:

- Use a variety of initial guesses, including periodic and binary functions.
- Apply differential evolution to explore the search space.
- Refine the best solutions found with SLSQP, with tighter tolerances and more iterations.
- Possibly apply a refinement step with a different optimization method.

Now, considering the previous code's structure, let me think about how to modify it. The code currently starts with the initial_h_values and then adds several other guesses. Perhaps adding more guesses with different parameters could help, such as more binary functions with different frequencies and duty cycles.

Additionally, in the differential evolution step, increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters could lead to better results.

Another thought: the current code uses a population of 80 for differential evolution, which might be too large. Perhaps using a smaller population but more iterations could be more efficient.

But given the time budget, it's a trade-off between the number of iterations and the population size.

In the code, after executing differential evolution, it then uses SLSQP with a limited number of iterations. Perhaps increasing the maxiter in SLSQP would help.

Also, adjusting the constraints and bounds in the optimization steps might be necessary.

Another possible improvement: instead of using the initial_h_values as the first guess, perhaps using a more optimal initial guess derived from the problem's properties.

But given that the initial_h_values are provided, it's better to use that as the starting point.

In terms of code, the previous code uses several initial guesses. To make it more efficient, maybe reducing the number of guesses but using more effective ones.

Alternatively, removing some of the guess generation steps and focusing on the most effective ones.

In any case, the goal is to produce a code that within the 100-second budget refines the initial guess and finds a better solution.

Considering all that, the plan is to adjust the parameters of the optimization methods, generate more diverse initial guesses, and refine the results with more precise methods.

Now, translating this into code:

The code will:

- Start with the initial_h_values.

- Generate various initial guesses, including periodic and binary functions with different parameters.

- Use differential evolution to find promising candidates.

- Refine these candidates with SLSQP and other methods.

- Use a more efficient method for refinement steps.

Additionally, the code should track the best solution found and return it.

Now, let me outline the code structure, focusing on changes:

1. Adjust the initial guesses to be more varied and cover different patterns.

2. Increase the maxiter in the SLSQP and differential evolution steps where possible.

3. Adjust the tolerance parameters for better precision.

4. Use different optimization methods for refinement steps.

5. Ensure that the code respects the time budget by stopping early if necessary.

The current code's 'guesses' list includes several types of functions. Perhaps adding more of them would help. For example, including binary functions with different frequencies and duty cycles, and more periodic functions.

Another point: the code uses a 'perturb' function to add small noise to existing guesses, which might help in exploring the search space.

In terms of parameters for the optimization methods:

- In the SLSQP optimization, increasing 'maxiter' and adjusting 'ftol' and 'eps' could lead to better convergence.

- In the differential evolution, adjusting 'popsize', 'mutation', 'recombination', and 'tol' could lead to better results.

Also, the code currently performs refinement steps with Powell's method. Changing that to another method could be beneficial.

Putting this all together, here's the revised approach:

- Generate a variety of initial guesses, including periodic, binary, and perturbed versions.

- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters to explore the search space.

- Apply SLSQP with tighter tolerances and more iterations to refine the best solutions.

- Implement refinement steps with a more effective optimization method, such as SLSQP.

The code should also track the time and stop if the budget is nearly exceeded.

Now, the actual code implementation. The code provided in the previous example uses multiple initial guesses and combines differential evolution with SLSQP. To improve this, I'll adjust the parameters and introduce more refined optimization steps.

Another possible optimization is to use the 'SLSQP' method for both the initial guesses and the refinement steps, which might be more effective for constrained problems.

Also, the current code's 'refine_with_powell' function might not be the most effective. Perhaps using 'SLSQP' with tighter tolerances could yield better results.

In conclusion, the rewritten code will focus on:

1. Using a diverse set of initial guesses.

2. Applying differential evolution with better parameters.

3. Refining with SLSQP with tighter tolerances.

4. Ensuring that the code runs within the time budget.

So the final code will incorporate these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_periodic(period):
        return np.clip(0.5 + 0.5 * np.sin(2 * np.pi * np.arange(n_points) / period), 0, 1)
    
    def generate_binary(f, d):
        return np.clip(np.sign(np.sin(2 * np.pi * f * np.arange(n_points))) * d, 0, 1)
    
    def perturb(guess):
        noise = np.random.normal(0, 0.03, size=n_points)
        return np.clip(guess + noise, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [np.array(initial_h_values)]
    guesses += [generate_periodic(p) for p in [4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]]
    guesses += [generate_binary(f, d) for f, d in [(6, 0.2), (5, 0.3), (4, 0.4), (7, 0.1), (8, 0.25), (9, 0.3)]]
    guesses += [perturb(g) for g in guesses[:5]]
    guesses.append(np.random.rand(n_points))
    
    for guess in guesses:
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, guess, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(objective, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=30,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.75, tol=1e-9)
        if res.success:
            res_slsqp = optimize.minimize(objective, res.x, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                         constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                                         options={'maxiter': 50, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
            if res_slsqp.success and objective(res_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(res_slsqp.x)
                best_h = res_slsqp.x
    
    def refine_with_slsqp(h_init):
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, h_init, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else h_init
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine_with_slsqp(best_h)
        if objective(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```