<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The user provided a previous program that uses various optimization techniques like SLSQP, differential evolution, and Powell's method. But I need to think of a different approach or improve the existing one.

First, I should understand the problem better. We have to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by any k. The overlap integral is computed as the correlation between h and 1-h. The goal is to find a function h that causes this maximum overlap to be as small as possible, which gives a better upper bound for the Erdős constant.

The previous code uses initial_h_values (which is the parent construction) and then applies various optimization methods. The issue might be that the previous approach is getting stuck in local optima, or not exploring enough diverse starting points. Also, maybe the optimization methods aren't the most effective for this particular problem.

So, what can be done differently? Let's think about alternative strategies.

Maybe using a different optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. What about using a genetic algorithm? Or maybe a Bayesian optimization approach? But I'm not sure how to implement those efficiently within the time constraints.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be transformed into a more manageable form. For example, since the integral of h is fixed, maybe we can model this as an optimal control problem or use some symmetry.

Another idea: the function h is a step function, which means it's piecewise constant. Maybe we can model the positions of the steps, i.e., the intervals where h is 1 or 0, and then optimize the arrangement of those intervals to minimize the maximum overlap.

But how to model this? For a step function with n points, the function can be represented as a set of intervals. However, with 45 points, the number of possible configurations is too large to brute force. So maybe a more efficient approach is needed.

Hmm. Maybe using a multi-objective optimization approach. For example, we can parameterize the function in a way that makes the optimization easier. Since h is a step function, perhaps using a binary representation (as in the initial code's binary and periodic functions) but with more parameters.

Alternatively, perhaps using a Dynamic Programming approach? Not sure.

Another angle: the problem is related to minimizing the maximum of several functions. Each shifted version of h corresponds to a different integral. So, the objective is to minimize the maximum of all these integrals. Maybe using a penalty method where we try to balance all the integrals.

Wait, the previous code uses a max of the correlations. That's the key function to minimize. So the problem is to find h that minimizes this maximum value.

In the previous code, the initial guess is the initial_h_values. But maybe starting from different initial points would be better. Also, the GA approach could be useful here. But how to implement it in the limited time?

Another idea: perhaps using a more efficient local optimizer. The previous code uses SLSQP and Powell, which are local methods. Maybe combining different local search methods with a global search could be better. For example, using a global optimizer to find good initial points, and then using local optimization to refine.

Wait, the code already uses differential evolution as a global optimizer. But perhaps adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution can lead to better results. For example, using a larger population size or different mutation parameters.

Alternatively, maybe using a more sophisticated local optimization method. For example, using a gradient-based method with a more robust algorithm.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is convex? No, because the objective function is non-convex. So convex optimization methods might not work directly.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum integral. This is a minimax problem. These are generally hard to solve with simple methods. But perhaps transforming the problem into a convex one by introducing auxiliary variables.

Let me think. Let's denote that the objective is to find h such that for all k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx is ≤ C. We need to find the minimal possible C. So, the problem can be rephrased as minimizing C subject to ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx ≤ C for all k, and ∫ h dx = 1.

But how to handle the constraint for all k? Since k can be any value, this is an infinite-dimensional problem. But in reality, for h being a step function with finite points, the number of possible shifts k that matter is limited. For example, the integrals are evaluated using the correlation, which for a function sampled discretely would correspond to shifts of integer steps in the discretized function.

Wait, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation for all possible lags. The maximum of those is the C₅ value. But since the function is periodic (or at least the integration is over [0,2], the shifts k could be considered modulo 2. However, the code is considering all shifts, not just those within the interval.

But given that h is over [0,2], the shifts k would lead to different positions. However, in practice, the code evaluates all possible lags, which in the discretized case would be equivalent to shifting by integer steps of dx.

So, the main issue is that the code is trying to minimize the maximum of these integrals. So perhaps, for each shift, the integral can be considered as a constraint, and we need to find the h that satisfies all constraints and minimizes the maximum.

But with the variables being h[0], h[1], ..., h[n_points - 1], each between 0 and 1, and sum h[i] = n_points / 2.

This is a constrained optimization problem with a non-convex objective. Solving this directly is challenging.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a heuristic that distributes the '1's in h in a way that avoids overlapping too much when shifted. For example, arranging the ones in h in a periodic fashion with certain periods, or in a way that their shifted versions don't overlap much.

The initial code uses periodic and binary functions as initial guesses, but maybe other patterns could be better. For example, using a more complex waveform that is a combination of different frequencies.

Alternatively, perhaps using a sinusoidal function with multiple frequencies. But since h is a step function, maybe we can model it using a combination of intervals where the function is either 1 or 0.

But how to model that? Maybe by dividing the interval [0,2] into intervals where h is 1 and others where it's 0, and optimize the positions and lengths of these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap.

But with the time constraints, it's hard to model this. However, perhaps a better approach is to use a different optimization method that can explore the space more effectively.

The previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method. But maybe adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution, such as the population size, mutation rate, and crossover rate, could lead to better results. Also, combining it with other methods like SLSQP for local refinement.

Another thought: the previous code tries multiple initial guesses, including the initial_h_values. But maybe there's a better starting point. For example, maybe using a construction that has higher symmetry or better distribution.

Another angle: the problem is similar to the problem of designing a signal with minimum self-interference, which is a known problem in communication systems. Maybe there are known techniques from that field that can be applied here.

Alternatively, think of the function h as being similar to a binary code with certain properties. For example, in coding theory, codes are designed to have certain distances between codewords, which might relate to minimizing overlaps.

But I'm not sure how to directly apply that here.

Another idea: since the integral is over x, and the overlap for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx, which can be rewritten as ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since ∫ h(x) dx is 1, this becomes 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, the overlap integral is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, the problem becomes to minimize the maximum value of (1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx) over all k, which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum value of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over all k. Wait, no. Because the original C5 is the maximum of the overlap integral, which is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. So to minimize C5, we want to maximize the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x+k) dx over k. But since C5 is the maximum of these overlaps, which are 1 - the cross-correlation. Therefore, to minimize C5, we need to maximize the minimum of the cross-correlation terms across all shifts k. However, this might not directly help, but it's an alternative way to think about the problem.

But how to compute the cross-correlation terms? For the function h, this cross-correlation is equivalent to the overlap when shifting by k.

Now, given that, perhaps the problem can be approached by trying to maximize the minimum cross-correlation term. However, this is still a complex problem.

Another approach: considering that the function h is a step function, perhaps we can model it with a few segments. For example, splitting the interval into a certain number of blocks where h is 1 or 0. The number of blocks could be smaller than n_points, which simplifies the problem. But how to choose the optimal way to split.

Alternatively, using a grid search over possible positions and widths of the intervals where h is 1. However, with n_points being 45, this might not be feasible directly.

But perhaps for a given number of intervals, we can optimize their positions. For example, using a greedy approach where we place each interval to minimize the maximum overlap.

But again, this is getting complicated.

Perhaps the key is to improve the optimization process. The previous code uses a combination of different optimization methods. Maybe we can optimize the hyperparameters more effectively. For example, increasing the population size in differential evolution, or using more iterations.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where the differential evolution is used to explore the space, followed by SLSQP to refine the solution.

Another idea: since the problem is challenging, maybe reducing the number of points. Wait, the user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. But the initial code uses n_points = 45. So maybe reducing n_points could help, but the previous code might have already been optimized for that. However, the target is to find a better solution, so maybe sticking with n_points=45 is better.

Alternatively, maybe trying a different initial guess. The initial code uses initial_h_values, plus some generated periodic and binary functions. What if we generate more diverse initial guesses, or use a different pattern?

For example, maybe using a function that is a combination of multiple different waveforms, or a more complex pattern that avoids overlaps.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can use a penalty function that penalizes large overlaps, and optimize the function accordingly. But this is similar to the previous approach.

Another thought: since the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints and bounds, but maybe the constraints are not being handled optimally. For example, the constraint is that the sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. Maybe using a more accurate way to enforce this constraint during optimization.

Alternatively, using a more efficient numerical method. For example, using a different solver like IPOPT which is more efficient for large problems, but the user has to use scipy, so perhaps only the available methods are usable.

Wait, the user allows using scipy, cvxpy with various solvers. Maybe using cvxpy with a different solver like SCS or ECOS? But the previous code uses scipy.optimize's methods.

Alternatively, trying to formulate the problem as a convex optimization problem. But given that the objective function is the maximum of several non-convex functions, it's not straightforward.

Wait, perhaps using a convex relaxation. For example, approximating the maximum with a sum of terms, but that might not lead to the right solution.

Alternatively, using a modified objective that's easier to optimize. For example, instead of the max, penalize each term with a Lagrangian multiplier. But this is getting into more complex territory.

Another idea: considering the time budget of 100 seconds. The previous code attempts to run multiple optimization steps. Maybe optimizing the code to run faster by reducing the number of steps, but with better search strategies.

Alternatively, using a neural network approach where the function h is modeled as a neural network, and the parameters are trained to minimize the C5 value. But this is likely to be too slow and not feasible within the time constraints.

Hmm. Given that the previous code is already using differential evolution, perhaps the key is to improve the way the initial guesses are generated. For instance, generating more varied initial guesses that could lead to better minima.

The initial code generates periodic functions with different periods and binary functions with varying frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe adding more types of initial guesses, like random patterns or more complex waveforms.

Alternatively, using a more systematic approach for the initial guesses. For example, generating a set of initial guesses based on different patterns and then gradually refining them.

Another thought: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h has certain symmetries. For example, being periodic with a certain period, which could help in distributing the overlaps evenly.

The previous code includes periodic guesses, but perhaps there are better periodic structures. For example, using a combination of different frequencies or a more complex waveform.

Alternatively, using a quasiperiodic function or a function with multiple peaks.

Another idea: using a more efficient way to compute the correlation. The current code uses np.correlate with 'full' mode, which for n_points samples would return a result of length 2n_points - 1. But perhaps the maximum overlap occurs at certain specific lags, so focusing on those could be better.

But I'm not sure. The code is already doing that by taking the maximum of all possible lags.

In summary, the main challenges are:

1. Finding a good initial guess that leads to a good minimum.
2. Efficiently searching the space to avoid local optima.
3. Effectively refining the solution with local optimization methods.

Given that, I think modifying the initial guesses and the optimization parameters could lead to better results. For example, generating more diverse initial guesses, perhaps with different patterns, or using different parameters for the differential evolution.

Another idea: instead of using the initial_h_values as the first guess, maybe starting with some random points and then optimizing. But the initial code already uses that.

Alternatively, combining multiple initial guesses and using a more aggressive optimization strategy.

Let me try to outline the steps for my new approach:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as an initial guess.
2. Generate a set of diverse initial guesses, such as different periodic functions, binary functions, and random patterns.
3. Use differential evolution to explore the space, with possibly adjusted parameters (like a higher population size and more iterations).
4. For each candidate found by differential evolution, perform local optimization with SLSQP to refine the solution.
5. Additionally, use other optimization methods like Powell's method to further refine the solution.
6. Track the best solution found over time, ensuring to stop before the budget runs out.

To make this more efficient, I can:

- Use more initial guesses with different patterns to cover a wider range of possibilities.
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution to get better exploration.
- Use a combination of global and local optimizations more effectively.

Let me think about how to generate more initial guesses. For example, besides the periodic and binary functions, I can try using functions that have a more complex structure, like combining multiple frequencies, or using a more sophisticated pattern.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess, but ensuring that the sum is correct.

But the initial code already includes some random guesses. Maybe adding more.

Another idea: using a function that is periodic but with a more complex waveform, such as a square wave with multiple harmonics.

Alternatively, using a function that's a combination of two different waveforms.

But how to implement this quickly?

Alternatively, using a sine function with a phase shift, but that might be similar to the periodic functions already used.

Alternatively, using a function that's a combination of sine and cosine terms, but this might be too complex.

Hmm.

Alternatively, considering that the function h is a step function, perhaps generating it by randomly placing 1's and 0's, ensuring the integral constraint is met. But this would be a random guess.

But generating a random guess might not be effective. However, combining it with other methods could be.

Another approach is to use a particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm. However, scipy doesn't include a PSO implementation, so it's not directly usable. Unless we implement it ourselves, which may take time.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to stick with the existing optimization methods but improve the initial guesses and parameters.

So, modifying the code as follows:

- Generate more initial guesses, perhaps including more types of functions.
- Increase the population size in differential evolution to improve exploration.
- Allow more iterations in differential evolution.
- Use more refinement steps with local optimization.
- Track the best solution found and stop early if the budget runs out.

Also, considering that the previous code uses a 45-point function, which is acceptable.

Now, I'll try to implement these ideas into code. Let's look at the existing code and adjust it.

The previous code uses a list of guesses, including periodic and binary functions. Maybe adding more types of functions or varying the parameters.

For example, adding more periodic functions with different periods, or more binary functions with different frequencies and duty cycles.

Also, varying the mutation and crossover parameters in differential evolution. For example, using a different mutation factor.

Another adjustment: in the differential evolution step, perhaps using a larger population size, like 200 instead of the default 100, and more iterations.

But since the time budget is tight, increasing the population size may take more time. Alternatively, keeping it at 100 but increasing the maxiter.

Alternatively, using a different recombination strategy.

Also, in the previous code, after differential evolution, the solution is refined with SLSQP. Perhaps combining multiple refinement steps.

Another idea: after getting a solution from differential evolution, perform multiple rounds of SLSQP refinement, each time with different settings.

But to fit into the time budget, perhaps doing a few refinements.

Another possible change: using the initial_h_values as one of the initial guesses, and then generating more initial guesses with different patterns.

Additionally, perhaps using a more effective local optimization method. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method for the initial refinement.

But the previous code uses 'SLSQP' which is constrained.

Another possible improvement: checking for the best solution after each iteration and storing it, to avoid redundant computations.

Now, let's outline the code changes:

1. Generate more initial guesses by adding different types of functions, like more periodic and binary functions with varying parameters.

2. Increase the population size and/or the number of iterations in differential evolution.

3. Use more refinement steps with different local optimization methods.

4. Adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms to get better convergence.

5. Ensure that the best solution is tracked and updated whenever a better one is found.

Now, translating this into code.

The existing code has a list of guesses, including generate_periodic and generate_binary. To add more, perhaps adding more generate_periodic with different parameters, or generating more binary functions with different frequencies and duty cycles.

For example, adding generate_periodic with periods like 3.5, 4.5, etc.

Also, maybe generating more binary functions with varying frequencies and duty cycles.

Alternatively, adding a function that creates a step function with multiple steps.

But time is limited, so I need to make code changes that are manageable.

Another thing: the current code uses np.random.rand to create a random guess. Maybe creating a better random guess with some structure.

But again, maybe that's not necessary.

Now, for the code:

In the previous code, the guesses list includes generate_periodic for periods 3,4,5,6,7,8,9, and generate_binary for various frequencies and duties. Let's add more periods and duties.

For example, adding more periodic functions with periods like 2.5, 5.5, etc., and more binary functions with different frequencies and duty cycles.

Also, maybe adding a function that is a mix of periodic and binary patterns.

But given the code constraints, perhaps just adding a few more entries to the guesses list.

Another possible improvement: when generating the initial guesses, use the initial_h_values as one of the guesses, which is already done.

Another idea: for the binary functions, perhaps use different frequencies, like 2, 3, etc., and different duties, such as 0.25, 0.5, 0.75, etc.

So, in the guesses list, after generating periodic and binary functions, adding more binary functions.

For example:

guesses += [generate_binary(f, d) for f, d in [(2, 0.25), (3, 0.5), (4, 0.3), (5, 0.6), (6, 0.4), (7, 0.3), (8, 0.2), (9, 0.5)]]

This would add more binary functions with varying parameters.

Also, adding generate_periodic for periods like 2.5 and 5.5.

For example:

guesses += [generate_periodic(p) for p in [2.5, 5.5]]

This adds more periodic functions with different periods.

Another possible change: in the differential evolution step, adjust the parameters to use a larger population size and more iterations.

In the code, the differential evolution is called with:

res = optimize.differential_evolution(objective, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50, mutation=(0.6, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)

Changing popsize to 200 and increasing maxiter to 100 might help explore more of the space, but could take longer. However, since the code has a budget of 100 seconds, and the previous code uses multiple steps, it's possible that adjusting these parameters could lead to better results.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses the 'SLSQP' method with maxiter 300 and ftol 1e-12. Maybe reducing the maxiter or adjusting ftol could speed up the process.

Alternatively, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method for some steps, though it's only applicable for unconstrained problems. But since the problem has constraints, perhaps not.

In the refinement steps, after differential evolution, the code uses SLSQP with maxiter 50. Perhaps increasing this to 100 could help.

Now, implementing these changes into the code.

Another possible adjustment: in the initial code, the 'generate_periodic' function uses a sine wave clipped to [0,1], which might not be the best initialization. Perhaps using a different waveform, like a square wave, but that's similar to binary functions.

Alternatively, using a triangle wave or sawtooth wave, but again, how to implement.

But perhaps sticking with sine for now.

Another idea: for the initial guesses, using the initial_h_values as one of the starting points, and also generating a few other patterns.

Now, considering all these, I can proceed to write the code.

The main changes would be:

- Expand the list of initial guesses with more periodic and binary functions.

- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution, such as popsize and maxiter.

- Ensure that the refinement steps are more aggressive.

Also, adding more refinement steps.

But the code must stay within the time budget. Let's try to adjust the parameters to focus on the most promising initial guesses and optimizations.

Another possible change: when using differential evolution, reduce the number of iterations, but with a larger population size, to find better initial points.

Finally, the code should return the best solution found, along with the C5 bound and the number of points.

So, putting this together into the code.

The final code would include:

- More initial guesses.

- Adjusted differential evolution parameters.

- More aggressive refinement steps.

Now, I'll code this in Python, making sure to follow the required structure and constraints.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_periodic(period):
        return np.clip(0.5 + 0.5 * np.sin(2 * np.pi * np.arange(n_points) / period), 0, 1)
    
    def generate_binary(freq, duty):
        return np.clip(np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * np.arange(n_points)) > 0, 0, 1) * duty
    
    guesses = []
    for p in [2.5, 4.5, 5.5, 6.5, 7.5, 8.5]:
        guesses.append(generate_periodic(p))
    for f, d in [(2, 0.25), (3, 0.5), (4, 0.25), (5, 0.75), (6, 0.3), (7, 0.4), (8, 0.1), (9, 0.6)]:
        guesses.append(generate_binary(f, d))
    guesses.append(initial_h_values.copy())
    guesses.append(np.random.rand(n_points) * 0.5 + 0.25)
    
    for guess in guesses:
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, guess, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 40:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(objective, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=70,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.85, tol=1e-9)
        if res.success:
            res_slsqp = optimize.minimize(objective, res.x, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                         constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                                         options={'maxiter': 70, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
            if res_slsqp.success and objective(res_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(res_slsqp.x)
                best_h = res_slsqp.x
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, best_h, method='Powell', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'xtol': 1e-9, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 30})
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```