<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a genetic-inspired approach with COBYLA and L-BFGS-B optimization, but it only achieved a C₅ of around 0.381142. The target is to get lower than 0.380876. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, I should recall the problem. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral with its shifted versions. The overlap integral for each shift k is ∫h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx, and we need to find the maximum of these over all k, then minimize that maximum.

The previous approach used a starting point (initial_h_values) and then tried to perturb it with COBYLA and refine with L-BFGS-B. But maybe there's a better way. Maybe using different optimization methods, or exploring different initial configurations?

Let me consider the structure of the problem. Since h is a step function, it's piecewise constant. The optimal h would likely have a periodic or symmetric structure to minimize overlaps. For example, maybe h is a combination of periodic functions, or has flat regions where it's 0 or 1.

Another thought: the problem is related to the Erdős discrepancy problem, but in a different form. The overlap integral can be thought of as a measure of how much the function h and its shifts overlap. To minimize the maximum overlap, h needs to be as "spread out" as possible.

The previous code used a fixed starting point. Perhaps exploring different starting configurations could lead to better results. For example, using a different initial guess, perhaps based on a known optimal or a better heuristic.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code used COBYLA for the perturbations and L-BFGS-B for refinement. Maybe a different method, like gradient descent with momentum, or a Bayesian optimization approach, could be better. However, since the problem is constrained (sum of h is fixed), the optimization needs to handle that.

Another angle: the overlap integral for each shift k can be written as ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx. If we consider k in the range where x + k is within the interval [0,2], but since x runs from 0 to 2, the shifts k can be from -2 to 2, but perhaps the maximum occurs for shifts within [0,2]. However, the convolution in the previous code uses 'full' mode, which considers all possible shifts.

But maybe there's a way to model this more directly. The maximum over k of the overlap integral is equivalent to the maximum of the convolution of h with (1-h). But since the integral is over the entire domain, perhaps there's a way to use Fourier analysis or other transforms to find a minimax solution. However, since we're dealing with numerical optimization, perhaps that's not feasible.

Alternatively, considering that h is a step function, we can model it as a set of intervals where h(x) is 0 or 1, and then optimize the positions and lengths of these intervals. But this seems more complex.

Wait, the problem allows using any starting configuration, so maybe generating a better initial guess could be key. For example, if we can create an initial h that's more uniform, or has some symmetry, that could lead to better results.

Another idea: the previous approach used a fixed number of samples (n_points) based on the initial_h_values. But maybe trying different n_points (number of samples) could yield better results. The current initial_h_values has n=45 samples, but maybe using a higher n (like 100) could provide more flexibility. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. The current implementation uses the initial_h_values, which is 45 points. But if the initial_h_values is not the best starting point, maybe generating a different initial guess with a better structure would help.

Let me think about the initial_h_values. If the initial construction is based on a certain pattern, maybe it's possible to generate a better starting point. For example, if the initial_h_values is a uniform distribution that's been adjusted to meet the integral constraint. But without knowing the exact structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the user says to start from the current construction (initial_h_values) if it's available.

Another point: the evaluation uses the numpy.correlate function in 'full' mode, which computes the convolution of h with (1 - h), but since h is over [0,2], the convolution for shifts k in the range -2 to +2. However, the maximum of the correlation is the maximum overlap integral.

But how is the correlation calculated? For the 'full' mode, the correlation is calculated over the entire range, which for h of length n_points, the correlation will have length 2n_points - 1. But since the integral is over x in [0, 2], the shifts k might correspond to the positions where the overlap occurs.

Alternatively, perhaps the maximum occurs for k in a certain range. Maybe focusing the optimization on certain shifts could be more efficient. However, the current approach evaluates all shifts.

So, how to improve the previous method?

The previous method used a combination of COBYLA and L-BFGS-B. Maybe using a more robust optimization method, like a genetic algorithm with more population diversity, or using a Bayesian optimization approach that explores the search space more effectively.

But given the time constraints, perhaps a more effective approach is to use a gradient-based method with better hyperparameters. Let's think about the objective function: the maximum of the correlation values. This is a non-smooth function, which makes optimization challenging. The previous code used COBYLA (which handles bounds and constraints) and then L-BFGS-B. However, maybe using a different method, like SLSQP, which can handle equality constraints and might be more efficient for this problem.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps using a different formulation. For example, we can model the maximum as a set of constraints, and try to minimize it. This would be a semi-infinite optimization problem, but since the number of k's is infinite, it's not feasible. However, since the function is periodic and we're dealing with step functions, perhaps the maximum occurs for a finite number of shifts. But this might not be the case.

Alternatively, could we discretize the shifts? For example, instead of considering all possible k, sample a set of shifts where the maximum is likely to occur. However, without knowing the answer beforehand, this is risky.

Another approach: the problem is similar to the problem of minimizing the maximum discrepancy, which hints that a construction using a trigonometric or Fourier basis might be beneficial. However, since we're dealing with step functions, perhaps using a combination of intervals that are placed symmetrically or in a way that spreads out the function's values as much as possible.

Let me think about the initial_h_values. Let's assume that the initial_h_values is structured in a way that the function h(x) is a step function with a certain pattern. For example, maybe it's a combination of intervals where h(x) is 1 for a certain length and 0 otherwise, arranged in a way that the overlap with its shifts is minimized.

But how can I model that in code? Maybe generating initial guesses that are periodic or have certain symmetries. For instance, if the function is symmetric around 1, or has intervals spaced regularly.

Alternatively, since the integral of h is 1, and the domain is [0,2], the area under h is 1. So, the average value of h is 1/2. That suggests that the function is on average 50% 1 and 50% 0. But to minimize overlaps, perhaps it's better to have h(x) be 1 for intervals that are spaced out as much as possible.

For example, if we have two intervals: one from 0 to a, and another from 1 to a+1, but this is just a guess. However, without knowing the initial_h_values, it's hard to know the current setup.

Another idea: maybe the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem. However, since the objective function is the maximum of a set of integrals (which are linear in h, but the maximum is non-convex), it's not straightforward. But perhaps using a convex relaxation or approximation.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with a more effective optimization strategy. For example, using the Adam optimizer with momentum, or other stochastic gradient descent variants. However, the problem is constrained, so direct use of SGD might not be feasible.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several linear functions (the overlaps for each shift), we can use a method like the "maximin" approach, where we use a dual formulation. However, the dual might not be easy to compute.

Another thought: the previous code used a fixed number of samples (n_points = len(initial_h_values)), which is 45. Maybe trying different n_points could help. For example, using more points (like 100) might allow for a more precise function, but the user prefers smaller n_points for speed. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, so maybe the code can handle a higher n_points if optimized.

Wait, the user previously used n=45 points. Let's see: for n=45, dx is 2/45 ≈ 0.0444. Maybe using more points (say, 100) might give better resolution, but the code must run within 100 seconds. However, the initial code uses the initial_h_values, which is 45 points. If I can find a better initial guess, maybe even with more points, that's better.

But since the problem allows using other starting points, perhaps generating a better initial guess with a different structure could be key. For example, using a pattern that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that minimizes overlaps.

Alternatively, perhaps using a random initial guess and then refining it. However, the previous code used a perturbation-based approach.

Let me think about the previous code's structure. It starts with the initial guess, then perturbs it with noise, uses COBYLA to optimize, then refines with L-BFGS-B. The idea is to explore the space and then refine the best found solution. However, COBYLA might get stuck in local minima, and the perturbations might not be sufficient.

Another idea: instead of using random perturbations, maybe use a more systematic approach for exploration. For example, using a grid search over certain parameters, or using a simulated annealing approach. However, simulated annealing can be slow for high-dimensional problems.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the space more effectively. But implementing that might be complex and require more code.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial exploration. For example, using SLSQP instead of COBYLA for the constrained optimization. SLSQP might be more efficient in handling constraints and find better solutions.

Another point: the current approach uses a fixed number of iterations (300) for the perturbation steps. Maybe adjusting the number of iterations or the learning rate of the perturbations could help. For example, decreasing the noise scale over time to converge.

Additionally, perhaps the initial guess is not good enough. If I can generate a better initial guess, that would improve the results. For instance, creating an initial h that is as uniform as possible, but with the integral constraint.

Wait, the integral must be 1. So, for a step function over [0,2], the area under h is 1. So, if the function is 1 on some intervals and 0 elsewhere, the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h is 1 must be 1. So, for example, if h is 1 on [0, 0.5] and [1, 1.5], then the total length is 1. But placing these intervals in a way that their shifts do not overlap as much.

But how to translate this into a code structure? Maybe generate an initial guess with such intervals, but this is more of a heuristic.

Another idea: using a genetic algorithm. But the previous code used a genetic-inspired approach with random perturbations. Maybe a proper genetic algorithm with selection, crossover, and mutation could explore the search space better. However, implementing this might be time-consuming and could be slower.

But given the time constraints, maybe the previous approach is better. Let me think about how to tweak the previous code.

The previous code's main steps are:

1. Start with initial_h_values.
2. For 300 iterations, perturb the current best guess with noise, apply COBYLA optimization, and update the best solution.
3. Finally, perform a refinement with L-BFGS-B.

Perhaps the problem is that the initial guess is not optimal. If I can generate a better initial guess, that would help. But since the code must use the initial_h_values if available, I can't change that. So, assuming the initial_h_values is fixed, I need to optimize from there.

Another thought: the previous code uses COBYLA for the perturbation steps. Maybe using a different method for those steps, like SLSQP, could yield better results. Also, using a more efficient optimization method for the refinement step.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first use a global optimization method (like differential evolution) to explore the space, then use a local method (like L-BFGS-B) to refine. But the previous code used COBYLA for exploration and L-BFGS-B for refinement.

But differential evolution (DE) could be more effective in finding better initial guesses. However, DE is slower, and with a time budget of 100 seconds, it might not be feasible for a large n_points.

Another idea: combining the use of multiple optimization methods. For example, after some initial exploration with COBYLA, switch to a different method. Or using a random restart strategy.

Alternatively, adjusting the hyperparameters. For example, the previous code uses noise_scale = 0.1 * (1 - i / 300). Maybe adjusting the noise scale to decrease more rapidly or more slowly could lead to better exploration.

Another possible improvement: the objective function is the maximum of the correlation. The maximum is a non-smooth function, so gradient-based methods might have issues. Perhaps replacing the objective with an approximation that's smoother, but this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where the objective is the maximum correlation plus a penalty for violating the constraints. But the previous code already uses an equality constraint for the integral.

Another point: the previous code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points) based on the initial_h_values. The user said that smaller sequences are preferred. But if the initial_h_values is 45 points, maybe trying a lower n_points (like 30 or 50) could lead to better results. However, the initial_h_values is fixed, so perhaps the code can't change n_points.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided by the user, but the code is supposed to use it. If the initial_h_values has n_points=45, then the code must use that. But maybe the code can generate a different initial guess with a different n_points. However, the user's instructions say that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So, the code can't change the n_points. Therefore, n_points is fixed as len(initial_h_values), which is 45.

In that case, the code can't change the number of points. The previous code uses the initial guess and then perturbs it. But perhaps there's a better way to explore the space.

Another idea: using a different optimization method for the initial perturbations. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is derivative-free and might find better minima. However, COBYLA and Nelder-Mead are different approaches. Let me check: COBYLA is for constrained optimization, so it's appropriate here. But perhaps using a different method would help.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses random perturbations. However, if the perturbations are too small, it might not explore the space effectively. Alternatively, using larger perturbations initially and then decreasing them over time.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach where multiple different initial perturbations are tried, but this might be time-consuming.

Let me think about the code structure again. The current code uses 300 iterations of perturbation and optimization, with each iteration perturbing the current best guess and then optimizing with COBYLA. Then, it does a final refinement. Maybe the number of iterations could be increased or decreased. But given the time budget, 300 iterations might be sufficient.

Alternatively, using a different random seed or adjusting the noise scale could lead to better results. For example, adjusting the noise scale to be larger initially and then smaller as the iterations proceed.

Another angle: the current code uses the 'full' mode of numpy.correlate, but perhaps the maximum occurs for specific shifts. For example, the maximum overlap might occur for shifts that are integer multiples of the interval, or some other specific value. If we can focus the optimization on those shifts, perhaps the code can converge faster.

However, without knowing which shifts are critical, it's hard to adjust the code.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is symmetric, the optimal h might be symmetric around x = 1. So, enforcing symmetry in the initial guess and during optimization could lead to better results. For example, ensuring that h(x) = h(2 - x) for all x. This would reduce the search space by half, but might lead to better convergence.

So, modifying the initial guess to be symmetric, and then during optimization, keeping the symmetry constraint active. However, this would require changes to the code's constraints. For example, adding symmetry constraints to the optimization problem.

But how to implement this? For a given x, the value at x and 2 - x should be equal. So, for each i, h[i] must equal h[n_points - 1 - i]. This would reduce the number of variables by half, which could reduce computation time.

But if the initial_h_values is not symmetric, then enforcing symmetry in the initial guess could lead to a better starting point. However, the user's initial_h_values might not be symmetric, but we can generate a symmetric initial guess based on it. For example, if the initial_h_values is not symmetric, we can mirror it to create a symmetric one, but then adjust the sum to satisfy the integral constraint.

But this is getting complicated. Let me think about how to code this. For example, in the initial guess, create a symmetric h. Then, during optimization, impose the symmetry constraint.

But modifying the code to include symmetry constraints would require some changes. However, given time constraints, maybe this is a possible improvement.

Alternatively, for the initial guess, we can create a symmetric version. For example, take the initial_h_values, mirror it, and then normalize the sum. But this might not be feasible if the initial_h_values is not symmetric.

Alternatively, for the code, during the optimization, enforce symmetry by using only half of the variables and mirroring them. This would reduce the problem size and the search space, potentially leading to better convergence.

But this requires modifying the code's bounds and constraints. For example, if n_points is even, the first half determines the symmetric part. If odd, the middle element is its own mirror.

This could be a significant improvement, as it reduces the number of variables and the complexity of the optimization.

Therefore, let's consider modifying the code to enforce symmetry.

Here's the plan:

- Check if n_points is even or odd.
- For the initial guess, create a symmetric version. For example, for each position i from 0 to n_points/2, set h[i] and h[n_points - 1 - i] to the same value.
- This approach reduces the number of variables, which could make the optimization faster and more effective.

But how to implement this in the code? The initial guess may not be symmetric, but by creating a symmetric version, we can start from a better guess. However, the user's initial_h_values might not be symmetric, so we have to create a symmetric version.

For example, for each i in the first half (up to n_points//2), set the value of h[i] and h[n_points - 1 - i] to the same value. Then, ensure that the sum of h is correct.

But wait, the initial_h_values may not satisfy this symmetry. So if the code is allowed to modify the initial guess to make it symmetric, that could be an improvement. However, the problem states that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So, the code must use the initial_h_values as given. But if the initial_h_values is not symmetric, then enforcing symmetry would require modifying it, which may not be allowed.

Wait, the user says: "When initial_h_values is available, use it directly. Never redefine it or copy its entries into the response. Construct all large arrays algorithmically; do not print long numeric literals or unrolled tables."

So, the code cannot modify the initial_h_values. Therefore, if the initial_h_values is not symmetric, the code must work with it as is. So, the symmetry approach might not be directly applicable unless the initial_h_values is already symmetric. But since we don't know, this might not be possible.

Hmm. That's a problem. Therefore, the code must work with the initial_h_values, which may or may not be symmetric. So, enforcing symmetry is not possible unless the initial_h_values is symmetric.

Another thought: even if the initial_h_values is not symmetric, the optimal h may still be symmetric. So, perhaps the code should generate a symmetric initial guess based on the initial_h_values. However, the problem states that we must use the initial_h_values directly, and not redefine it. Therefore, this approach is not allowed.

So, back to the main problem. How to improve the previous code's results.

Maybe the key is to use a more effective optimization method. The previous code uses COBYLA for exploration and L-BFGS-B for refinement. Perhaps using a different method for the refinement step, like SLSQP, which might handle the constraints better.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective approach or other methods.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (300), but perhaps increasing the number would allow better exploration. However, with the time budget, this may not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a different perturbation strategy. For example, using a Latin hypercube sampling or other sampling techniques for the perturbations, but again, this may be complex.

Another point: the previous code uses the 'full' mode of numpy.correlate, but the actual maximum overlap might be for shifts that are not covered in the full mode. However, the code includes all shifts, so this should be fine.

Let me think about the previous code's output: C₅ was 0.381142. The target is to get to 0.380876, which is a small difference. To achieve this, the code needs to find a slightly better configuration.

Perhaps adjusting the optimization parameters could help. For example, increasing the number of iterations in COBYLA or using different settings.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses COBYLA with maxiter=100 for each perturbation step. If we increase the maxiter, it might find better solutions. However, this increases the computation time. Alternatively, using a lower maxiter and more iterations.

Alternatively, using a different method for the initial perturbations. For example, instead of adding uniform noise, maybe using a different distribution or scaling based on the current solution's characteristics.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach with crossover and mutation. However, implementing this would require writing a genetic algorithm, which may be time-consuming but could potentially find better global minima.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the previous approach is the best, but needs some fine-tuning.

Let me think about the code again. The previous code uses COBYLA for the perturbations and then L-BFGS-B for refinement. Maybe switching the order of refinement steps or using a different optimization method.

Another idea: the function to minimize is the maximum of several values (the overlaps). This is a non-convex problem. So, convergence to the global minimum is not guaranteed. To improve the chances, perhaps using multiple different initial points and selecting the best one.

But how to generate those initial points? The previous code uses perturbations from the current best guess. Maybe using a more diverse set of starting points would help. However, this could be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, combining the initial guess with other heuristics. For example, generating a few different initial guesses based on different patterns and optimizing each.

But again, time is limited.

Perhaps the most straightforward way to improve the previous code is to switch the optimization method used for the refinement step. For example, using SLSQP instead of L-BFGS-B, which might handle the constraints more effectively.

Let me adjust the code to use SLSQP for refinement. Also, perhaps using a different method for the perturbations, like using a different optimization algorithm.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses the same perturbation for each iteration, but maybe varying the noise scale or the direction of perturbation. For example, using larger perturbations initially and smaller ones later, which is what the code does with noise_scale decreasing over time.

Alternatively, using a different problem formulation. For example, instead of minimizing the maximum overlap, could we use a penalty function that penalizes large overlaps, thus turning it into a smooth optimization problem. However, this might not be feasible since the maximum is non-smooth.

Another idea: the overlap integral for each shift k can be rewritten. For example, ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx = ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. Since ∫ h(x) dx is fixed at 1, the overlap becomes 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. So, the problem becomes to minimize the maximum of 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. Which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. This is the dual problem. Maybe this formulation helps in some way, but I'm not sure.

In the previous code, the objective is to minimize the maximum of these integrals, which is equivalent to minimizing the maximum overlap. So, the previous code is on the right track.

Another thought: the integral ∫h(x)h(x + k) dx is the cross-correlation of h with itself, shifted by k. So, the maximum of these values is related to the autocorrelation of h. To minimize it, the autocorrelation peak should be as low as possible. This is similar to designing a signal with low autocorrelation.

In signal processing, signals with low autocorrelation are used for code division multiple access (CDMA), for example. The ideal would be a signal with autocorrelation zero for all shifts other than zero. But that's impossible for real functions. However, constructing a signal with minimal autocorrelation is the goal here.

So, perhaps the current problem is similar to designing a binary sequence (or step function) with low autocorrelation. For example, a Barker sequence has minimal autocorrelation, but they exist only for certain lengths.

For our case, the domain is [0,2], and the function is a step function. So, the optimal h would be similar to a Barker sequence in the discrete case.

But since the function can be continuous, the problem is more general. However, using concepts from code design might help. For example, ensuring that the function has high entropy, or is spread out as much as possible.

Another approach is to use the result that the optimal C₅ is known to be approximately 0.38, and our target is to prove it's less than 0.380876. So, finding a configuration that is slightly better than the current record.

Given time constraints, perhaps the best way is to tweak the previous code with some optimizations, such as switching the optimization method or adjusting the parameters.

Let me try modifying the code to use SLSQP for both the perturbation steps and the refinement step. Also, increasing the number of iterations.

Wait, the previous code uses COBYLA for the perturbation steps and L-BFGS-B for the refinement. Changing the refinement step to SLSQP might help.

Another possible improvement: in the previous code, the perturbed_guess is created by adding uniform noise to the best_h. Perhaps using a different perturbation, such as scaling the current best guess in a way that maintains the sum constraint.

But I think the code is already doing a good job with the perturbations.

Let me also think about the final refinement step. The previous code uses L-BFGS-B with maxiter=100. Maybe increasing this to 200 or more could help, but it depends on the time available.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, using SLSQP for the refinement step.

So, modifying the code to use SLSQP for the perturbation steps and the refinement step.

Another possible change: the bounds for the optimization are (0.0, 1.0), but maybe allowing some soft bounds (slightly outside) could help escape local minima. However, the problem requires h(x) ∈ [0,1], so the bounds should be strictly 0 and 1.

In summary, the main ideas for improvement are:

1. Use a more effective optimization method for the perturbation steps (like SLSQP instead of COBYLA).
2. Use a different method for the refinement step (like SLSQP).
3. Adjust hyperparameters like the number of iterations, noise scale, and perturbation methods.
4. Try different starting points if possible.

Given the time constraints, I'll try modifying the code to use SLSQP for the perturbation steps and refinement, and see if that improves the result.

Additionally, adjusting the noise scale to decrease more rapidly might help in converging to a better solution.

Let me adjust the code accordingly.

The previous code uses optimize.minimize with method='COBYLA' for the perturbation steps. I'll replace COBYLA with SLSQP, which is another constrained optimization method.

So, in the perturbation loop:

result = optimize.minimize(
    fun=objective,
    x0=perturbed_guess,
    method='SLSQP',
    bounds=bounds,
    constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
    options={'maxiter': 100, 'disp': False}
)

And similarly for the final refinement step, using SLSQP.

This change might help in finding better solutions, as SLSQP is generally more efficient for constrained problems.

Another possible improvement: using the 'SLSQP' method with a larger maxiter. But again, the time budget is tight.

Additionally, adjusting the noise scale to decrease faster: noise_scale = max(0.01, 0.15 * (1 - i / 300)) or similar.

Thus, the modified code would use SLSQP for both steps, and possibly a more aggressive noise reduction.

Also, maybe increasing the number of iterations in the perturbation loop to 500 and reducing the noise scale more rapidly.

With these changes, the code should potentially find better solutions.

Another point: the previous code's objective function is to minimize the maximum of the correlation. However, this is a non-smooth function, which can make optimization challenging. Using a method like SLSQP that can handle inequality constraints might be more effective.

Another idea: using a different way to calculate the correlation. For example, using the full mode of numpy.correlate, but in practice, this might be equivalent to what the code does.

In conclusion, the key changes to the previous code are:

- Replace COBYLA with SLSQP for the perturbation steps and the refinement.
- Adjust the noise_scale to decrease faster.
- Possibly increase the number of iterations.

This should lead to a better exploration of the search space and potentially a lower C₅ value.

Now, I'll write the modified code based on these ideas.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    # Genetic-inspired exploration with SLSQP
    for i in range(400):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Adaptive perturbation
        noise_scale = max(0.01, 0.15 * (1 - i / 400))
        perturb = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-5, 'disp': False}
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    # Final refinement with SLSQP
    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=best_h,
        method='SLSQP',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-5, 'disp': False}
    )

    if result.success:
        best_c5 = objective(result.x)
        best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```