<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. The previous code used a genetic-inspired approach with COBYLA and L-BFGS-B optimization. But the user wants me to think of a different approach to improve this. Let me brainstorm.

First, the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral over shifts. The overlap integral is the convolution of h and 1-h, scaled by dx. So, the goal is to design a function h that's spread out enough so that when you shift it and subtract, the maximum overlap is minimized.

The previous approach used a starting point from initial_h_values and perturbed it with noise, then optimized. But maybe that's too local. Perhaps using a different optimization strategy, like simulated annealing or other global optimization techniques? But the constraints are numerical optimization, and the time is limited.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe there's a better way to generate an initial guess. For example, using a periodic pattern or a more structured approach.

Another thought: the integral involves shifts by k, so for each k, the overlap is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The maximum of these over all k. The function h needs to avoid overlapping too much with its shifted versions.

An idea is to make h have a regular structure, like a piecewise constant function with certain intervals. For example, a function that has intervals where it's 0, then 1, then 0, etc., but with some spacing. But how to optimize the lengths and positions of these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap?

Alternatively, considering that the convolution is maximized when h and 1 - h have high peaks overlapping. So, perhaps making h have regions of 0 and 1 alternately, but with controlled widths to prevent overlaps when shifted.

Wait, the current code uses COBYLA and L-BFGS, which are local optimizers. Maybe switching to a global optimization method, like differential evolution, could help escape local minima. But with the time budget of 100 seconds, how effective is that?

Alternatively, using a more structured approach. For example, partitioning the interval [0,2] into segments and assigning h(x) values based on some pattern. For instance, using a periodic function with certain parameters. But how to encode that into the code?

Another angle: the integral is over the overlap. For each shift k, the overlap is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, if I can find a function h that when shifted by any k, the product h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) is small over the entire interval. How can I model this?

Perhaps using a function that is sparse in some way. Like, having non-overlapping intervals where h is 1 or 0. But with the constraint that the integral of h is 1. So, for example, if h is 1 on a set of measure 1/2, but arranged such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Wait, but the function h has to be a step function with n_points samples. So maybe making h have a certain pattern, like a union of intervals where h is 1 and others where it's 0, arranged to minimize overlap.

For example, suppose the function h is 1 on some intervals and 0 on others. The integral of h is 1, so the total length of intervals where h is 1 must be 1. Let's say the length is 1, and the position is such that overlapping with shifted versions is minimized.

But how to arrange that? Maybe using a periodic pattern with certain spacing. For instance, if the intervals where h is 1 are spaced in such a way that their shifts don't overlap much. But this is vague.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs for certain shift values, so perhaps focusing on those k's. However, since the problem requires the maximum over all k, it's challenging.

Another idea: using a Fourier analysis approach. Since the problem involves convolutions, maybe the Fourier transform could help. But this is more of a theoretical approach. How to translate that into a numerical optimization problem?

Alternatively, think of the problem as an optimization over the step function parameters. Suppose we approximate h(x) with a piecewise constant function. Then, the problem becomes finding the positions and widths of the intervals where h is 1 or 0. But with the constraint that the total area is 1.

But how to model this in code? For example, if the function has m intervals where it's 1 and m intervals where it's 0, but the total length is 1. Maybe using a grid search over the positions and widths, but that's computationally expensive.

But given the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to use a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses COBYLA, which is a constrained optimization method, but maybe switching to a different method like SLSQP or using a different initial guess could improve the result.

Wait, the user's code uses more than one optimization step: first a genetic-inspired approach with COBYLA, then a refinement with L-BFGS-B. Perhaps there's room for improvement by using a different sequence of optimization steps.

Another thought: the maximum of the convolution is what we need to minimize. Perhaps instead of treating this as a single optimization problem, we could try to model it as a saddle point problem, where we balance the overlaps for different shifts. But again, how to implement this?

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess. The previous code uses the initial_h_values, which is provided. But perhaps generating a different initial guess could lead to better results. For example, creating a function that's more spread out or has a certain symmetry.

Wait, the initial_h_values may be a known good solution. If the current code is already using that, perhaps trying to improve upon it with better optimization steps would be better.

Let me think about the previous code's approach. It uses a loop with 300 iterations, each time perturbing the current best guess and then using COBYLA to minimize the objective. Then, after the loop, it does a final refinement with L-BFGS-B. This is a heuristic approach that might get stuck in local minima.

To improve this, maybe using a different optimization strategy. For example, using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses, or using a more global optimization method like differential evolution. However, with time constraints, differential evolution might be too slow.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first use a global optimization method to find a good initial guess, then refine with a local optimizer. But again, the time is limited.

Wait, the problem says to make the code as concise as possible. So, perhaps instead of using a genetic-inspired approach, switch to a different optimization method that's more efficient for the problem.

Another idea: since the problem is convex? Well, the objective function is not convex. The maximum of the convolution is a non-convex function, so it's difficult to optimize. Hence, local optimizations can get stuck in local minima. So, perhaps using a different approach.

Wait, maybe using a neural network approach? But that's probably more complex and might not fit within the time constraints.

Alternatively, consider the problem as a non-convex optimization and use a more efficient local optimizer. For example, using the SLSQP method with some modifications. Or, perhaps using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm.

Alternatively, perhaps trying to model the problem as a quadratic optimization problem, but that might not be possible given the non-convex nature.

Wait, the previous code uses the COBYLA method, which is for constrained problems. Maybe trying to use a different constrained optimizer, like SLSQP, which might handle the problem better.

Alternatively, maybe using a different way of parameterizing the step function. For example, if the step function has certain symmetry or structure, that can be exploited.

Another thought: the integral is over all k. But in practice, the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts k. So, perhaps focusing the optimization on those shifts. However, since it's a global maximum, it's hard to know which shifts to consider.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal function is related to the set of points where h is 1. If we can arrange these points so that their shifts don't overlap much. For example, making the set of points where h is 1 have certain spacing, perhaps like a certain number of intervals arranged periodically.

For instance, if h is 1 on intervals spaced evenly, but how to determine the spacing and lengths.

Alternatively, think of it as a covering problem: ensuring that shifting h by any k doesn't cause too much overlap. But again, how to translate this into a numerical optimization.

Given all these thoughts, perhaps the best approach is to switch the optimization method to a different one. For example, using the differential evolution algorithm, which is a global optimization method. But how to implement that within the time constraints.

Wait, the previous code uses COBYLA and L-BFGS-B. Let's see. The differential evolution approach might take longer per iteration, but perhaps with fewer iterations could be feasible.

Alternatively, consider that the initial guess is already good. So, maybe using a local optimizer with better settings. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method with a more aggressive approach.

But how to tweak the previous code. Let me think about the previous code's structure.

The previous code starts with the initial guess, then iteratively perturbs and optimizes. Then refines. Maybe the perturbation step is too small or too large. Perhaps adjusting the noise scale.

Another idea: instead of doing 300 iterations with perturbations, use a different approach. For example, using a more systematic exploration of the parameter space.

Alternatively, maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach, but that might be too complex for the time.

Wait, given the time constraints, maybe the best way to improve is to use a different initial guess. Suppose that the initial_h_values is not the best possible starting point. So, can we generate a better initial guess?

For example, creating a periodic pattern. For instance, if we have a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged periodically. Let's say, for n_points=45, the length of [0,2] is 2. So, if we divide the interval into 45 points, each of length 2/45 ≈ 0.0444. Suppose I create a pattern where the function is 1 for 0.5 units, then 0 for 0.5, etc. But adjusting the lengths to meet the integral constraint.

For example, if the function is 1 on a set of intervals whose total length is 1. So, if I have intervals of length l, spaced periodically. For example, if there are m intervals of length l, then m*l = 1. The spacing between intervals would be s, such that the total span is m*l + (m-1)*s = 2. But this is getting complex.

Alternatively, for simplicity, suppose that the function has two intervals where it's 1, each of length 0.5, separated by some distance. But the total length would be 1. Then, the spacing between the intervals would be 2 - 0.5 - 0.5 = 1. But this might not be optimal, but it's a starting point.

But how to translate this into code? Well, if the initial guess is generated algorithmically with such a structure, perhaps that could be a better starting point than the default initial_h_values.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values and making small modifications. For example, adjusting the positions and widths of the intervals where the function is 1 and 0.

But how to code this. For instance, if the initial_h_values is a good starting point, perhaps perturbing certain points to create more spread-out intervals.

Another thought: the overlap integral can be written as the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). Since h is a step function, this becomes a sum over the intervals where h(x) is 1 and where 1-h(x +k) is non-zero.

But calculating this analytically for certain k could help in designing the function. However, this might not be practical for the code.

Alternatively, the maximum overlap occurs when the shift k is such that the overlap between the regions where h is 1 and where 1-h is 1 (i.e., where h is 0) is maximized. So, the largest overlap would be when shifts align regions of h being 1 and 1-h being 1, which is where h is 0. So, the function should avoid having h=1 and h=0 overlap when shifted by k.

Thus, the function h should be designed to have regions where it's 1 and regions where it's 0, such that their shifted versions don't overlap much. This suggests that the function should have a certain periodicity and spacing.

But how to achieve that with a step function.

Maybe the optimal function is a union of intervals of length l, spaced s apart, such that the total length is 1. For example, suppose there are m intervals of length l, then m*l = 1. The spacing between the intervals would be s, such that the total span is m*l + (m-1)s = 2. Then, solving for s.

But this requires choosing m and l. For example, if m=2, then l=0.5, and s = (2 - 0.5*2)/ (2-1) = (1)/1 =1. So the intervals are at positions [a, a+0.5] and [a+1 + s, a+1 + s+0.5]. Wait, maybe that's not the right way to think about it.

Alternatively, placing m intervals of length l evenly spaced over the [0,2] interval. For example, if we have m intervals, then the centers are spaced at intervals of (2 - m*l)/ (m-1). But this is getting complicated.

But perhaps creating such a pattern could lead to a better solution. Let's see. For example, if m=2, l=0.5, then the two intervals are placed at positions 0.5 to 1.0 and 1.5 to 2.0, with spacing 0.5. Then, when shifted by k=0.5, the first interval shifts to [1.0, 1.5], overlapping with the second interval [1.5, 2.0] only at the point 1.5. So the overlap is minimal. Similarly for shifts. But the overlap integral would be small. Thus, this could lead to a lower C₅.

But this is just an example. How to generate such a pattern in code. Well, for a given number of intervals m, and length l, the code could generate the step function with these intervals.

But how to choose m and l. The total length of the intervals is m*l = 1. So l=1/m. Then, the spacing between the intervals would be (2 - m*l)/ (m+1) ? Not sure. Alternatively, arrange the intervals in a way that they are spaced to prevent overlap when shifted.

But this is a way to generate a better initial guess. So, the code could generate such a pattern and use that as the initial guess. For example, if we have m=3 intervals, each of length 1/3 ≈ 0.333, then their spacing would need to be arranged so that when shifted, they don't overlap.

But this is a possible approach. Then, the code could use this generated initial guess instead of the provided initial_h_values. However, the problem says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So, perhaps the previous code uses that as the starting point.

But if the initial_h_values is not optimal, then using a different initial guess could lead to better results. However, the user's previous attempt already used the initial_h_values.

So, maybe the previous code can be modified to try different initial guesses. For example, trying multiple initial guesses generated with different patterns and selecting the best one.

Alternatively, using a more structured approach for the optimization. For instance, using a coordinate descent approach where parameters are iteratively adjusted.

But given the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to switch to a different optimization method. For example, using the differential evolution algorithm from scipy.optimize.

Let me think about how to implement that. The differential evolution algorithm is a global optimization method that's good for problems with many local minima. It would require defining the objective function and the constraints.

The objective is to minimize the maximum of the convolution, and the constraint is that the sum of h is 1. So, in the code, the objective function would be the maximum of the convolution.

But how to integrate that into the differential evolution.

The differential evolution method would require the parameters to be the h values. However, with a large number of parameters (n_points), the differential evolution might be too slow for the time budget.

But given that the user's code uses n_points=45 (from the initial_h_values), which is manageable.

So, here's an idea: use the differential evolution algorithm to optimize the h values, with the constraint that their sum is 1, and the objective being to minimize the maximum of the convolution.

But how to code that.

First, define the objective function. The function returns the maximum of the convolution, scaled by dx.

Then, in the differential evolution, the bounds are between 0 and 1 for each h[i].

The constraint is sum(h) = 1, which is an equality constraint. However, differential evolution typically handles bounds, not constraints. So, to handle the constraint, perhaps use the constraint as a penalty in the objective function. Or, use a method that can handle equality constraints, like SLSQP.

Alternatively, since the constraint is linear, we can use the method that allows for equality constraints. However, scipy.optimize.differential_evolution doesn't support constraints directly. So, this may not be feasible.

So, perhaps the previous approach is better, but with a different optimization method.

Alternatively, use the COBYLA or SLSQP method with better settings.

Another idea: the previous code uses a loop of 300 iterations with perturbations and COBYLA. Maybe changing the number of iterations, the perturbation strategy, or the optimization method can yield better results.

For example, in the previous code, after the initial perturbations, a refinement with L-BFGS-B is done. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a different optimizer for refinement.

Alternatively, trying to use the SLSQP method for the initial optimization steps, which might be more efficient.

Another thought: the initial code's perturbation is based on a noise scale that decreases over time. Maybe changing the perturbation strategy. For example, using a larger initial noise scale and then decreasing it, or using a different distribution.

Alternatively, trying to use more efficient code, such as vectorizing operations or using faster optimization methods.

Let me think about possible modifications:

1. Replace the COBYLA with SLSQP or another method for the initial optimization steps.

2. Adjust the perturbation strategy to explore more diverse solutions.

3. Use a different initial guess, perhaps generated algorithmically.

4. Use a different optimization approach, like differential evolution, but with a way to handle the constraints.

But given the time, maybe the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, such as the differential evolution. However, since it's not straightforward, perhaps proceed with the existing code but with adjustments.

Alternatively, perhaps use a hybrid approach where the initial guess is generated with a certain pattern, then optimized using a combination of methods.

But given the user's previous code, perhaps the most effective way is to tweak the existing approach.

So, what can be changed in the existing code?

In the previous code, the objective function is computed as the maximum of the convolution. The initial guess is provided, and then perturbations are made with noise, followed by COBYLA optimization, then refinement with L-BFGS-B.

Maybe adjusting the parameters of COBYLA and L-BFGS-B. For example, increasing the number of iterations for each optimizer, or adjusting the tolerance.

Alternatively, using a different method for the refinement step, like SLSQP.

But how to implement that.

Alternatively, consider using the Bayesian optimization approach with the scikit-optimize package, but that might not be available.

Alternatively, since the initial code uses COBYLA and L-BFGS-B, maybe switching the refinement step to use SLSQP with equality constraints.

Alternatively, changing the number of iterations in the loop from 300 to fewer, but that might not help.

Another idea: instead of using a genetic-inspired approach, use a more directed search. For example, start with the initial guess and perform a line search in the direction that reduces the objective function.

But how to implement this.

Alternatively, consider that the maximum overlap occurs for certain k values, and focus the optimization on those. However, without knowing which k's are critical, this is not straightforward.

Alternatively, the problem can be viewed as minimizing the maximum of a set of functions, each corresponding to a shift k. The maximum is a non-convex function, making it challenging.

Given all these thoughts, perhaps the best way is to proceed with the previous code but with the following modifications:

- Use the differential evolution algorithm for the initial search, which is a global optimization method.

But since scipy's differential evolution doesn't support constraints, perhaps using an augmented Lagrangian approach or penalty method to incorporate the constraint into the objective function.

For example, the objective function could be the maximum of the convolution plus a penalty term for the constraint violation.

So, the modified objective function would be:

def objective(h_values):
    h = np.array(h_values)
    corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr) * dx
    penalty = 1e4 * abs(np.sum(h) - target_sum)  # penalty term
    return max_corr + penalty

But this would trade off between minimizing the max_corr and satisfying the constraint. However, the penalty term may not be sufficient to enforce the constraint strictly.

Alternatively, during the optimization, the constraint can be enforced using a separate constraint handler. For example, using the SLSQP method which supports equality constraints.

So, perhaps changing the optimization method for the initial steps to SLSQP with the equality constraint. But this requires using a method that supports constraints.

In the previous code, the constraints are handled with the 'eq' constraint in the optimize.minimize call. So, the code could be modified to use a different method, like SLSQP.

For example, replacing COBYLA with SLSQP for the initial steps, which might converge faster and find better solutions.

So, adjusting the code:

Instead of using COBYLA for the iterative steps, switch to SLSQP. This might allow for more efficient optimization and better exploration of the parameter space.

But given that the previous code uses COBYLA, perhaps the issue is with the method used.

Another idea: the previous code uses a loop with 300 iterations, each perturbing the current best and optimizing. Perhaps reducing the number of iterations and increasing the number of steps in the optimization could help. But this is speculative.

Another possible change: increasing the noise scale initially and then decreasing it. For example, starting with a larger noise scale to explore the space and then narrowing down.

Alternatively, using multiple different initial guesses and selecting the best one. But how to generate these initial guesses.

In the previous code, the initial guess is fixed as initial_h_values. Maybe generating several initial guesses based on different patterns and selecting the best one.

For example, generating a guess where the function is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere. For example, as mentioned earlier, if the function has two intervals of length 0.5, spaced away from each other.

But how to implement this. For instance, creating a function where the h values are 1 on certain ranges and 0 elsewhere, then converting that into an array.

For example, for n_points=45, creating a step function that has 1's in positions 0 to 22 (assuming 0.5 length), then 0's for next, etc. But this requires code.

But since the initial_h_values is available, perhaps the previous code could be adjusted to use a better initial guess.

But since the user's previous code already starts with initial_h_values, maybe the problem is that the optimization steps are not sufficient.

In conclusion, the best approach is to modify the previous code by using a different optimization method, such as SLSQP, and possibly adjusting the perturbation strategy to explore the parameter space more effectively. Let me try to implement these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    # Adaptive perturbation with SLSQP
    for i in range(200):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        noise_scale = max(0.03, 0.2 * (1 - i / 200))
        perturb = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 50, 'ftol': 1e-6, 'disp': False}
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    # Final refinement with L-BFGS-B
    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=best_h,
        method='L-BFGS-B',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 100, 'disp': False}
    )

    if result.success:
        best_c5 = objective(result.x)
        best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```