<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for C5. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. Let me think about how the previous code approached this. 

The previous code used a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP optimization. It started with an initial guess, then tried to refine it. But maybe there's room for improvement. Let me consider possible strategies.

First, the problem is to find a step function h(x) that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum value of the integral over all shifts k of h(x)(1-h(x+k)). So, the goal is to distribute the mass of h(x) such that when shifted, the overlap with the complement is minimized.

The previous approach used differential evolution to explore the search space and then SLSQP to refine. But differential evolution can be computationally expensive, especially with many points. Also, maybe the initial guess isn't optimal. 

Perhaps I can improve the initial guess. The initial_h_values is given, but maybe there's a better starting point. Alternatively, using a different structure for the initial guess. For example, maybe a more regular pattern than the current one.

Another thought: the current code uses a structured guess by placing points uniformly. However, maybe a more optimal structure exists, like using a periodic pattern or a specific distribution. For example, using a wave-like pattern or alternating regions of high and low values.

But how to generate such patterns algorithmically? Maybe using Fourier methods or optimization with constraints that enforce some structure. Alternatively, using a grid-based approach where the function h(x) is sampled at certain points with specific values.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps there's a way to model the problem as a Chebyshev approximation or use some variational method. But that might be too abstract.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral for a shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum of this over all k. So, for each k, the integral is the area where h(x) and 1 - h(x + k) overlap. To minimize the maximum over k.

This seems similar to a covering problem, but with overlaps. Maybe there's a way to model this as an optimization problem where we can penalize high overlaps.

Another approach is to use more efficient optimization algorithms. The previous code used SLSQP after differential evolution, but maybe using a different optimization method or adjusting parameters. For example, using gradient-based methods with better convergence or using a genetic algorithm with more tailored parameters.

Wait, the previous code also tried a structured guess, perhaps by placing points uniformly. Maybe a better structured guess is to use a symmetric pattern, like placing the ones in a way that they are spaced out to avoid overlapping when shifted.

Alternatively, perhaps using a lattice pattern. For example, if the function h(x) is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, choosing these intervals such that shifting them doesn't overlap too much. But with step functions, the optimal arrangement might involve a specific spacing.

Wait, the original problem is about the Erdős minimum overlap problem. The constant C5 is the minimal maximum overlap for a function h(x) with ∫h=1. So maybe there's known constructions or bounds that can inform the initial guess. However, since the user is asking to improve the upper bound, perhaps the current construction is close to the optimal, and small tweaks in the initial guess can lead to better results.

Another thought: the previous code uses a random perturbation in the while loop to generate new guesses. Maybe using a more efficient method for exploration, like simulated annealing or Bayesian optimization, could lead to better convergence. But implementing those within the time constraints might be challenging.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be approximated with a smaller number of points. The current initial guess uses 45 points, which is acceptable for the time budget. Reducing the number of points could allow for more iterations, but the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. But with n=45, maybe that's manageable.

Wait, the user's previous code used 45 points. Let me check the problem statement again. The user is to return a solution with n_points, and the current initial_h_values has n_points = 45. The target is to find a better C5 value.

Let me think about the structure of the initial_h_values. If it's a uniform distribution of ones, but that would lead to high overlap when shifted. So maybe the initial guess is a specific pattern that's already a good starting point, but we can tweak it.

Another approach: using a heuristic based on the fact that the overlap integral is maximized for certain shifts. So for each shift k, we need to minimize the integral. But since it's a maximum over all k, the function h must be designed such that for all shifts, the overlap is minimized.

This seems like a bilevel optimization problem, but it's computationally intensive to handle directly. So perhaps focusing on specific shifts that are critical and trying to balance them.

Alternatively, using a greedy approach: start with a rough guess, then iteratively adjust it to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, identify the shift with the highest overlap, then adjust the function to reduce that overlap, and repeat. But this might get stuck in local minima.

Another idea: since the problem is about integrals, perhaps using a numerical method that applies Fourier analysis. The overlap integral can be expressed in terms of the Fourier transform of h(x) and the shifted function. But I'm not sure how to proceed with that.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a linear programming problem. However, the objective is to minimize the maximum of several linear functions (each corresponding to a shift k), which is a convex optimization problem. But the difficulty is that the number of shifts k is infinite, so we can't check each one. But since the function is periodic over [0, 2], maybe we can sample the shifts over a certain range.

Wait, the integral over all x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For k, the effective range of shifts is from 0 to 2, since beyond that, the function repeats. So for each k in [0, 2], we need to compute this integral. However, in practice, for numerical optimization, we can sample a finite number of shifts, but that's still complex.

Perhaps the key is to find a balance between the different overlaps. So, the previous approach of using differential evolution and SLSQP is a good direction, but perhaps with some modifications. For example, using a more efficient optimization algorithm or adjusting the parameters.

Another thing to note is that the previous code used a structured guess by placing the ones at uniform positions. Maybe that's not optimal. Perhaps a better initial guess could be created by distributing the ones in a way that they are spaced out more, such as a sine-like pattern, or using a sparse distribution that avoids overlaps.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach where the initial population includes different structures. But integrating this into the existing code might be complex.

Wait, the user's previous code tried several approaches: differential evolution, SLSQP on the initial guess, SLSQP on the structured guess, and random perturbations. Maybe there's a way to combine these approaches more effectively.

Another idea: since the problem has a constraint on the integral of h(x), we can use a Lagrange multiplier method to incorporate this into the objective function. However, this is what the previous code did with the SLSQP method.

Alternatively, focus on the maximum overlap integral. Since the maximum is over all shifts, perhaps we can use a penalty method where for each h, we compute the maximum of the overlap integrals for all shifts. But how to generate these shifts?

But for numerical computation, the code uses the numpy correlate function. The 'full' mode of correlate returns the convolution, which for shifts k in [-len(h)+1, len(h)-1]. However, since the function is over [0, 2], the shifts k correspond to different positions. The code uses the maximum of the correlations multiplied by dx, which is the correct scaling for the integral.

Wait, the code computes corr = np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'). The full mode returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. For a function h of length n, the cross-correlation with 1-h will have length 2n-1. The maximum value of this would correspond to the maximum overlap integral for some shift k. Then, multiplying by dx gives the correct integral value. 

But perhaps the maximum occurs at specific shifts. If we can model the shifts that are most critical, we could focus the optimization on those. However, this is not straightforward.

Another thought: the previous code uses a relatively small number of points (45). Maybe increasing the number of points could lead to a better bound. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. But perhaps with a more efficient algorithm, even with more points, it could be feasible.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, increasing n_points could be risky. However, maybe a moderate increase is manageable.

Alternatively, using a different starting point. The initial_h_values provides a starting point, but maybe there's another construction that's better. For example, using a regular pattern, like placing the ones in a periodic fashion. For example, positioning the ones every (2/(n_points)) units with some offset. 

But how to generate that algorithmically. Let's say for n_points, we divide the interval [0, 2] into n_points intervals, and select certain positions. However, for the initial guess, the code uses a structured guess by placing ones uniformly. Maybe that's not the best.

Another approach: using a binary representation. For example, arrange the ones in such a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. This is similar to the problem of placing points to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted, which might relate to the concept of a "non-attacking" arrangement in some way.

Alternatively, inspired by the Erdős problem, there's a known construction for the optimal function. However, since the user is asking for an improved bound, perhaps there's a known method to get closer to 0.38085.

Alternatively, considering the previous code's C5 value of 0.381142, which is slightly higher than the target. So the code needs to find a better solution. How can the code be adjusted?

Maybe the previous code's differential evolution is not efficient enough. Perhaps using a different optimization library, like using CVXOPT or another solver. However, the previous code uses scipy.optimize, which is available.

Another idea: using a hybrid approach. Start with a structured guess, then use a more efficient optimization, like limited-memory BFGS (L-BFGS) or another method. However, SLSQP is already used, which is a constrained method.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach. The previous code tried several initial guesses but perhaps more could be done.

Another angle: the problem has symmetry. For example, the function h(x) can be symmetric around x=1. So, enforcing symmetry in the initial guess could lead to better results. 

So, modifying the structured guess to be symmetric. For example, placing ones in pairs around the center, ensuring that the sum is correct. This could help in reducing overlap for certain shifts.

Another idea: using a greedy algorithm to place the ones. For example, starting with an empty array, then placing each one in a position that minimizes the maximum overlap as much as possible. However, with 45 points, this might be complex.

Alternatively, considering that the function h(x) is a step function, which is piecewise constant, the problem can be transformed into choosing the positions and widths of the regions where h(x)=1. But this is getting into an integer optimization problem.

Alternatively, think of the function h(x) as a set of intervals where it is 1. The total length of these intervals is 1 (since the integral is 1). The goal is to arrange these intervals so that overlapping with shifted versions is minimized. 

But how to model this. For example, if there are m intervals, each of length l_i, then the sum of l_i is 1. To arrange them in [0,2] such that for any shift k, the overlap with the complement is minimized. This is a discrete optimization problem, but for large m, it's not tractable.

Alternatively, for the initial guess, use a random distribution. However, the previous code already uses that, but with the structured guess.

Alternatively, try to use a more advanced optimization library, like using a genetic algorithm with crossover and mutation, but adapting it to the problem. However, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm.

Another thought: check the previous result's C5 value. If it's 0.381142, which is still higher than the target of 0.380876, perhaps there's a way to find a better solution by adjusting the initial guess and the optimization parameters.

Maybe the initial structured guess is not optimal. Let's think about how the structured guess is generated. It creates a uniform grid of positions and fills them with ones. But perhaps placing the ones in a non-uniform way could be better. For example, using a pattern that spreads out the ones more evenly, but in such a way that when shifted, their overlaps are minimized.

Alternatively, use a spacing that follows a certain mathematical pattern. For example, placing the ones at positions that are spaced by a certain distance to avoid overlaps. 

Another approach is to consider that the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts. For example, if the function h is a periodic function with period T, then shifting by T would result in the same overlap. So, perhaps the optimal function has a period that divides 2. For example, a period of 1. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, think of the function h(x) as a union of intervals. For example, if we have two intervals of length 0.5 each, placed symmetrically. This could help in reducing overlaps when shifted by certain amounts. However, this is just a guess.

But how to translate this into code. For the structured guess, perhaps alternating between intervals of 1 and 0 in a way that spreads them out.

Alternatively, using a sinusoidal pattern. For example, setting h(x) = 0.5 + 0.5*sin(πx). But that would make h(x) non-step, but since the function is required to be step, this is not directly applicable. However, the step function can approximate such patterns.

But maybe the step function is allowed to be a binary function, so h(x) can have steps. For example, the previous code's structured guess is a set of points where h(x) is 1, and 0 elsewhere. 

Another idea: since the problem is about overlaps for all shifts, perhaps there's a symmetry in the function that allows for exact calculation of the maximum. However, without knowing the structure, it's hard to proceed.

Returning to the code, perhaps the key improvements are:

1. Using a better initial guess that's more optimal. The current structured guess might be suboptimal, leading to higher C5.

2. Adjusting the optimization parameters. For example, using a larger population size in differential evolution, fewer iterations, or different mutation parameters.

3. Using a more efficient optimization method that's better suited for the problem's constraints.

Another observation: the previous code uses SLSQP after differential evolution. But sometimes, the SLSQP might not find the optimal solution due to local minima. Maybe using a global optimization method like differential evolution is better for the initial exploration.

Alternatively, combining multiple methods. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a large population and a specific fitness function, then refining with SLSQP.

But given the time constraints and the code's complexity, the previous approach is already in use. What can be modified?

Maybe the structured guess can be improved. For example, instead of placing the ones uniformly, arrange them in a way that minimizes overlaps. For instance, placing them at positions that are spaced as evenly as possible, but with some preference for non-overlapping when shifted.

Another idea: the structured guess in the previous code uses a fixed number of ones. However, if the number of ones is adjusted, maybe the optimal solution can be found with a different configuration. For example, some intervals of 1 and some of 0. But how?

Alternatively, the initial guess could be created by distributing the ones such that their positions are as evenly spaced as possible. For example, using a regular sampling, but possibly with a phase shift to avoid symmetry.

Let me think about the code for generating the structured guess. The previous code uses a uniform grid, placing ones at positions spread out. Maybe instead of using a fixed number of ones, it could place the ones in a way that their distribution is optimal.

But how to generate that. Maybe using a Fibonacci sequence or another optimal distribution. For example, placing the ones at points that are irrational multiples of the interval, to avoid regular patterns.

Alternatively, using a greedy algorithm where each new one is placed as far as possible from existing ones. However, this is just a heuristic.

But integrating such a method into the code would require generating the initial guess, which is part of the code.

Another approach: maybe the initial guess is not the best, and using a different starting point, such as a random permutation of the ones, could lead to better results.

Alternatively, the code can generate multiple initial guesses, each with different structures, and then evaluate them, selecting the best one. For example, generating a structured guess, a random guess, and a modified version of the initial guess, then using SLSQP on all of them.

But again, the code already includes a structured guess, an initial guess, and a random perturbation.

Another thought: in the previous code, the differential evolution may be too slow. Perhaps using a smaller population size and more iterations, or adjusting the parameters to get better convergence.

Moreover, the code may not be fully utilizing the time budget. For example, the while loop runs for a certain time, but perhaps the number of iterations is not sufficient. Adjusting the number of iterations or the learning rate in the random perturbations could improve performance.

Another idea: using a multi-objective optimization where the code aims to minimize both the maximum overlap and the constraint violation. But this is what the penalty function does in the objective_de function.

Alternatively, increasing the penalty coefficient to enforce the constraint more strictly. The current code uses a penalty of 1e4 * constraint violation. Maybe adjusting this coefficient to better balance the objective and constraint.

But given all these possibilities, I need to find a way to modify the existing code to improve the result.

Perhaps the key is to find a better initial guess. Let me think about how to generate a better one.

Suppose we create a structure where the ones are placed at positions that are more spread out. For example, using a non-uniform grid where the spacing between ones is as equal as possible. This can be done by using a method similar to the "golden section" or other optimal spacing.

Alternatively, using a harmonic progression for placing the ones. For example, spreading them in positions that are multiples of some base frequency.

But without knowing the optimal arrangement, it's hard to know. However, the initial guess might be suboptimal. 

Another idea: the previous code's structured guess has a fixed number of ones. The initial_h_values may have 45 points, but perhaps there's a way to adjust the number of ones for the structured guess. For example, starting with more or fewer ones, and then adjusting.

Alternatively, using a different approach to generate the structured guess. For example, placing the ones at positions that are equally spaced but offset by half the spacing to avoid overlap when shifted by certain amounts.

But honestly, the previous code's structured guess is already a reasonable starting point. However, perhaps modifying it to use more points, but with the same time constraints.

Another thought: the current code uses SLSQP with several iterations, but perhaps the number of iterations is insufficient. Increasing the maximum iterations or adjusting the tolerance could improve the result. However, this might take more time.

Another potential improvement: instead of using differential evolution with a fixed number of iterations, use a combination of multiple optimization steps with different parameters. For example, first using a global optimization to find a good guess, then using a local optimization.

Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm, such as simulated annealing, which might better escape local minima. However, implementing simulated annealing in Python with scipy is possible but may require more time.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can adaptively select the most promising points to evaluate. However, integrating this into the existing code may be complex.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the initial guess and adjust the optimization parameters. For example, generating a better structured guess and using a more efficient optimization method.

Let me outline the steps for the new code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point, but also generate alternative initial guesses (structured or random) to avoid local optima.

2. Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters to explore the search space more effectively.

3. Use SLSQP with a higher number of iterations and stricter tolerances to refine the solution.

4. Incorporate a multi-start approach, trying multiple initial guesses and selecting the best result.

5. Implement a more sophisticated structured guess that distributes the ones more evenly.

Additionally, the code should track the time and stop before the budget is exceeded.

Considering these, the new code would:

- Generate multiple structured guesses with different spacings.

- Use differential evolution with a larger population or different mutation parameters.

- Use SLSQP with more iterations.

- Combine these approaches to find the best solution.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed number of points (n_points), perhaps experimenting with different n_points. For example, using 50 or 60 points. However, the user prefers smaller sequences. But with the time budget, even 50 points might be manageable.

But the initial code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 45. So, the new code can use the same n_points.

Now, considering the time budget of 100 seconds, the previous code may have been too slow in some parts. Perhaps optimizing the code for speed, such as using vectorized operations more efficiently, or reducing the number of evaluations.

Another idea: precompute the shifts and use a more efficient way to calculate the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient, but perhaps there are ways to optimize it further.

In summary, the main improvements to implement are:

1. Generate a better initial guess, such as using a more optimal structured distribution.

2. Use differential evolution with better parameters.

3. Use SLSQP with more iterations and tighter tolerances.

4. Implement a multi-start approach with various initial guesses.

5. Adjust the optimization parameters to balance exploration and exploitation.

Now, translating these into code changes:

- Modify the generate_structured_guess function to create a better structured guess, perhaps by distributing points more evenly.

- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution, like increasing the population size or adjusting mutation and recombination rates.

- Increase the maximum number of iterations for the SLSQP optimizer.

- Add more initial guesses, such as a random one, and evaluate them.

- Track the time better to ensure the code completes within the budget.

Let me outline the code changes step by step.

First, the generate_structured_guess function: instead of uniformly placing points, perhaps use a non-uniform distribution. For example, using a spacing that is as even as possible. One way to do this is to spread the points using the golden ratio or other methods. For example, placing points at positions that are multiples of the golden ratio. However, this is speculative.

Alternatively, use a method similar to the "spherical" distribution, but in 1D. This can be done by placing points such that the spacing between consecutive points is roughly the same.

Another approach: for the structured guess, instead of creating a fixed number of ones, create a more regular pattern. For example, placing ones at intervals of 2/(n_points) but adjusting for symmetry.

But perhaps the current structured guess is already good enough, and the main issue is the optimization method.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is run with popsize=20. Maybe increasing the popsize could allow for better exploration. Also, adjusting the mutation parameters.

Another idea: use a different optimization algorithm, like basin-hopping, which performs local optimization around randomly chosen points. However, this may not be available in scipy.optimize.

Alternatively, use the genetic algorithm from scipy.optimize, which is a different approach.

But time is limited. Perhaps the previous code's main issue is that the initial guess is not optimal, and the optimization is not thorough enough.

Thus, modifying the generate_structured_guess function to create a better guess. Let me think of a way to create a more evenly spaced guess.

For example, placing the ones in such a way that the spacing between them is as uniform as possible. This can be done by placing them at positions that are spaced by delta, where delta is 2 / num_ones. However, this is similar to the current structured guess.

Wait, the previous structured guess is placing num_ones points uniformly spaced over [0, 2) with endpoint=False. So, for num_ones points, the positions are at i * 2 / num_ones for i in 0 to num_ones-1. This is uniform spacing. Perhaps a better structured guess could be using a different distribution, like placing the points based on the roots of a polynomial or other mathematical points.

Alternatively, using a pattern that avoids overlaps. For example, placing the points in positions such that when shifted by a certain amount, the overlap is minimized. But without knowing the exact pattern, it's hard to code.

Another thought: the current structured guess may have overlapping regions when shifted, leading to higher C5. Perhaps adjusting the number of ones to be different from the initial guess. For example, if the initial guess has 22 or 23 ones (since n_points is 45 and target sum is 22.5), perhaps varying the number could lead to better results.

But the code uses target_sum = n_points / 2, which is correct. For n_points=45, the sum should be 22.5. However, the code rounds this to nearest integer, but with the initial guess, perhaps adjusting to have exactly 22 or 23 ones could be better.

But the code uses a small perturbation to adjust for the sum. Perhaps the structured guess should have exactly the target sum, and the initial guess may have a different configuration.

However, this is speculative. 

In the revised code, I'll try to adjust the generate_structured_guess to use a different method for placing the points. For example, using a more regular sampling, like placing the ones at points that are spaced by delta, but ensuring they are spread out more evenly. This might not change much, but it's worth trying.

Another possibility is to use a binary pattern that alternates 1 and 0 in a way that minimizes overlap. However, for 45 points, this could be complex.

Alternatively, consider that the optimal function for the Erdős problem has a certain structure, and replicate that. However, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to implement.

In the end, the most concrete improvement is to generate a better initial guess. Thus, modifying the generate_structured_guess function to spread the points more evenly, or using a different approach.

For example, instead of using positions = np.linspace(0, 2, num_ones, endpoint=False), which creates uniform spacing, perhaps use a non-uniform spacing. One way to do this is by using the formula for equally spaced points in a circle, but mapped to the line segment. However, for a line segment, the points are already uniformly spaced.

Alternatively, using a different distribution, like the Poisson distribution, but this would create a random spread. However, the structured guess should be deterministic.

Another idea: use a sparse distribution where the points are spaced by 2 / (num_ones * 2), which would be the same as the current approach. So perhaps the current structured guess is as good as it could be.

Given that, perhaps the main issue is the optimization method. The previous code uses differential evolution with a small population and limited iterations. Increasing the population size and iterations might yield better results.

Let me adjust the parameters of differential evolution. For example, setting popsize=30, maxiter=200, and mutation parameters to (0.8, 1.2). Also, increasing the number of iterations in the SLSQP optimization.

Another idea: use the BFGS method instead of SLSQP, as it might converge faster. But since the problem has constraints, SLSQP is more appropriate.

In conclusion, the revised code will:

- Use a better initial guess, possibly with a different structured guess.

- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters.

- Use SLSQP with more iterations.

- Incorporate additional initial guesses.

- Track time more carefully to ensure completion within the budget.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

The code will start with the initial_h_values, generate a structured guess, and another guess (random or different), then optimize each.

The structured guess function could be modified to spread the points in a different way. For example, using a random permutation of the uniform positions to avoid symmetry. However, this might not be effective.

Alternatively, the structured guess can use a fixed pattern, like placing some intervals of 1s with spacing between them. For example, placing the ones in a way that they are spaced by a certain distance. However, without knowing the optimal distance, this is hard.

Perhaps, for the structured guess, we can use a more optimal distribution of points. For example, placing them at positions that are optimal for certain overlaps. But this is again unknown.

Given time constraints, I'll proceed with the code modification that uses the current structured guess but with adjusted parameters for the differential evolution and SLSQP steps.

Another possible adjustment is to use the initial_h_values as one of the initial guesses, the structured guess as another, and also a random guess. Then, optimize each of them and choose the best.

Thus, the code will generate three initial guesses: the initial_h_values, the structured guess, and a random one. Then, run optimization on each.

This increases the chances of finding a good solution by starting from multiple points.

Additionally, the code will adjust the parameters of the optimization steps to allow for more thorough exploration.

So, the final code will include these steps, ensuring that the best solution is found within the time budget.

Now, translating all these thoughts into code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def generate_structured_guess(n):
        num_ones = int(target_sum + 0.5)
        positions = np.linspace(0, 2, num_ones, endpoint=True)
        grid = np.linspace(0, 2, n)
        h = np.zeros(n)
        for pos in positions:
            idx = np.argmin(np.abs(grid - pos))
            h[idx] = 1.0
        if abs(np.sum(h) - target_sum) > 1e-6:
            h[np.random.choice(n, size=1)] += (target_sum - np.sum(h))
        return h
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def objective_de(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        c5 = np.max(corr) * dx
        constraint_violation = abs(np.sum(h) - target_sum)
        penalty = 1e4 * constraint_violation
        return c5 + penalty
    
    results = []
    # Evaluate initial guess
    result_initial = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=initial_guess,
        method='SLSQP',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
    )
    if result_initial.success:
        results.append((result_initial.x, objective(result_initial.x)))
    
    # Evaluate structured guess
    structured = generate_structured_guess(n_points)
    result_structured = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=structured,
        method='SLSQP',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
    )
    if result_structured.success:
        results.append((result_structured.x, objective(result_structured.x)))
    
    # Evaluate random guess
    random_guess = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
    random_guess *= (target_sum / np.sum(random_guess))
    result_random = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=random_guess,
        method='SLSQP',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
    )
    if result_random.success:
        results.append((result_random.x, objective(result_random.x)))
    
    for h_start, c in results:
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h = h_start.copy()
            best_c5 = c
    
    if time.time() - start_time < budget_s - 20:
        result_de = optimize.differential_evolution(
            fun=objective_de,
            bounds=bounds,
            popsize=30,
            maxiter=100,
            mutation=(0.8, 1.2),
            recombination=0.9,
            tol=1e-10,
            vectorized=True
        )
        if result_de.success:
            result_slsqp = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=result_de.x,
                method='SLSQP',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
            )
            if result_slsqp.success:
                current_c5 = objective(result_slsqp.x)
                if current_c5 < best_c5:
                    best_c5 = current_c5
                    best_h = result_slsqp.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```