<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is around 0.38085, and the goal is to beat that. The previous approach used a genetic-inspired method with COBYLA and L-BFGS-B optimization, starting from initial_h_values with 45 points. The challenge is to find a better construction.

First, let me understand the problem again. The task is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral over shifts k is minimized. The overlap integral is calculated as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The C₅ is the maximum of these integrals over all k. So, we need to minimize this maximum value.

The previous code used a starting point with 45 points and applied some optimization steps with perturbations and different solvers. The current best is 0.381142, which is close to the target of 0.380876. To improve, perhaps I should consider different optimization strategies, maybe more efficient methods, or different starting points.

One thought: the existing approach uses COBYLA with perturbations. Maybe using a more global optimization method, like differential evolution, could help escape local minima. Alternatively, using a combination of methods, such as a hybrid approach with local refinement.

Another angle: the current approach uses a fixed number of points (45). Maybe trying with different n_points could lead to better results. For example, using more points (like 60) might allow for more detailed functions, but the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, maybe a moderate number of points, like 60 or 100, could be manageable within the time budget.

Wait, the problem mentions that the previous code used n_points=45. The user says that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe trying with n_points=60 could be feasible. However, the code needs to run within 100 seconds. Let me think about the optimization steps.

The current approach is to perturb the initial guess and perform COBYLA optimizations, then refine with L-BFGS-B. Maybe using different optimization methods or adjusting parameters could help. For example, using a genetic algorithm (GA) could provide broader exploration, but with the given time budget, perhaps a more efficient method is needed.

Alternatively, maybe using simulated annealing or other global optimization techniques. However, these might be computationally expensive. Alternatively, trying to use a better initial guess could help. The initial_h_values provided might not be optimal, so perhaps generating a better starting point is useful.

Another idea: since the overlap integral needs to be minimized, perhaps the function h should be designed such that h(x) and 1 - h(x + k) are as non-overlapping as possible. This might suggest a periodic or symmetric structure. Maybe constructing h as a piecewise constant function with certain symmetries or patterns.

For example, if we can create a function h that is as flat as possible where it's 0 or 1, but with transitions that avoid overlapping. However, since the integral must be 1, the function can't be too flat.

Alternatively, perhaps a function that alternates between high and low values in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, a function that is high for a certain interval, then low, then high again, etc., creating a pattern that when shifted, doesn't have too much overlap.

Given that the previous code used COBYLA, which is a constrained optimization method, perhaps using a more efficient solver, like SLSQP, could lead to better results. But the previous code already uses COBYLA and L-BFGS-B. Maybe trying different solvers or combining them.

Another approach: instead of perturbing the initial guess, maybe using a more systematic way to generate candidate solutions. For example, using a grid search over certain parameters or using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) method to explore the solution space.

But considering the time constraints, perhaps the key is to optimize the existing approach by adjusting the parameters, using more effective perturbations, or using a different optimization strategy.

Alternatively, trying to use a different starting point. The initial_h_values might be a local minimum. Maybe generating a different starting point by using a random construction that satisfies the integral constraint. For example, creating a random step function with certain properties.

Let's think about the constraints again. The integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1, so the total area under the step function is 1. So, the average value of h(x) is 0.5. For example, if the function is stepwise with some intervals where it's 1 or 0, then the total length of intervals where it's 1 should be 1, since the integral is 1. Wait, no: the integral over [0,2] is 1. So if h(x) is 1 over an interval of length L, then the integral would be L. If it's 0.5 over some intervals, etc. So the function could be a combination of different values.

But how to model this? For a step function with n_points samples, each h[i] is between 0 and 1, and the sum of h[i] * dx = 1. So the sum of h[i] is n_points / 2.

Now, for the optimization problem, the objective is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h. The cross-correlation at lag k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. But wait, the original problem is to compute the maximum over all k. However, in practice, the cross-correlation in the 'full' mode gives all possible lags.

But when the function is sampled at n_points points over [0,2], the possible shifts k can be in the range where the overlap is possible. For example, for a shift k that causes the function h(x) and 1 - h(x + k) to overlap.

But how to model this? The problem is that the cross-correlation in the code is computed using np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation for all lags. However, since the domain is [0,2], the possible lags k are such that x + k remains in [0,2]. So the maximum k would be such that x + k <= 2, which depends on x.

But in practice, for the sampled h, the code computes all possible lags, but the integral is over the actual domain, which might be a bit tricky. However, the code uses the full cross-correlation and multiplies by dx to approximate the integral.

So the key is to find a h that makes the maximum of these cross-correlations as small as possible.

Now, considering the previous code's approach, perhaps the main issue is that the optimization is stuck in local minima. Therefore, using a different optimization strategy that can explore the solution space more effectively is needed.

Another idea: using a more efficient optimization method like differential evolution (DE), which is good for global optimization, but might be slower. However, with the 100-second budget, perhaps it's manageable.

Alternatively, combining differential evolution for initial exploration and then using a local optimizer (like L-BFGS-B) for refinement.

But given the time, maybe the previous approach's main problem is the perturbation strategy. The code uses adaptive perturbation with decreasing noise_scale. Maybe using a different perturbation method or initializing with multiple points could help.

Alternatively, trying a different initial guess. For example, generating a random start that meets the constraints. Let's think about how to generate a random start. For the initial guess, we can sample values between 0 and 1 such that the sum is n_points / 2. This can be done by generating a random vector, then normalizing it to have the correct sum.

But how to generate such a vector efficiently? One approach is to create a random vector with entries in [0,1], then scale them so that their sum equals the required value. However, this might not be efficient, but perhaps with numpy's capabilities, it can be done quickly.

But since the code already has initial_h_values, maybe the problem is that starting from that initial guess leads to local minima. So, maybe generating multiple different starting points and optimizing each could lead to better results. However, with the time budget, this might be challenging.

Another approach: instead of using a fixed n_points, try different n_points. For example, maybe the 45-point solution is not optimal. Let's see. The current code uses n_points=45. Maybe using more points (like 60) allows for a better solution. However, the code needs to run within 100 seconds. Let's consider that increasing n_points increases the dimensionality of the problem, making optimization more expensive. But perhaps with a better strategy, it's worth trying.

Alternatively, maybe the problem is that the previous method uses COBYLA with perturbations but doesn't perform enough iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or allowing more explorations could help. However, the code already runs a loop with 300 iterations, which might be sufficient.

Wait, the original code uses a loop of 300 iterations, each with a perturbation and COBYLA optimization. Each iteration might take some time, but with 300 steps, maybe it's manageable.

Another idea: using a different optimization method for the initial exploration. For example, using a genetic algorithm (GA) with a population of candidate solutions, then refining with a local optimizer. GA can explore the solution space more globally, while local optimization can refine the solution.

But implementing a GA might require more code, but given the time, it's worth exploring. Let me think about how to structure this.

Alternatively, using the differential evolution method from scipy.optimize. The differential evolution could be used to find a good starting point, then followed by a local optimizer.

Let me recall that the differential evolution is a stochastic optimization method that is good for global optimization. It might help in escaping local minima.

So perhaps replacing the COBYLA and perturbation steps with differential evolution. Then, after finding a good solution, refine it with L-BFGS-B.

But given the time constraints, how to structure this?

The current code's approach uses multiple perturbations and COBYLA. Maybe using differential evolution for the initial steps, then a local optimizer.

Alternatively, combining both approaches: using differential evolution to explore the solution space, and then using a local optimizer to refine.

Another consideration: the current code's objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. However, the maximum is a non-smooth function, making the problem difficult for gradient-based methods. Therefore, the previous approach of using COBYLA (which is derivative-free) is appropriate.

But switching to a method like differential evolution may be more effective for this non-smooth objective.

So, perhaps modifying the code to use differential evolution as the main optimization method, then refining with L-BFGS-B.

Let me think about how to implement this. The differential evolution would need to optimize the objective function (the max of cross-correlation), with the constraint that the sum of h is fixed.

In scipy.optimize, the differential evolution can be used with the constraints. However, the constraints in the problem are equality constraints (sum of h equals target_sum), and the bounds on each h[i] (between 0 and 1).

The differential evolution method can handle bounds, and the constraints can be handled via the 'constraints' parameter. But scipy's differential evolution may not support constraints directly. Wait, the scipy.optimize.differential_evolution function has the bounds parameter, but constraints are not supported. So, if the constraints are required, perhaps using the SLSQP method (from scipy.optimize.minimize) with bounds and constraints.

Alternatively, the code could use a combination of methods. For example, use differential evolution to find a good candidate solution that satisfies the constraint, then refine it with a local method.

But how to handle the constraint in DE? It's possible that the constraint (sum of h equals target_sum) is not handled automatically. So, during the optimization, the sum of h must be equal to target_sum. Therefore, the DE would need to operate on the variables such that this condition is met.

An alternative approach is to parameterize the variables to automatically satisfy the constraint. For example, generate a random vector, then normalize it so that the sum is target_sum. However, this would require modifying the objective function to account for the normalization. However, since the constraints are equality, this can be tricky.

Alternatively, during the DE steps, the constraint is enforced by using a penalty function. But this can be complicated. Given the time constraints, maybe it's better to proceed with the existing methods.

Another thought: the current code uses a loop of 300 iterations with perturbations. Maybe reducing the number of iterations but increasing the perturbation magnitude could lead to better exploration. Alternatively, using a different perturbation strategy, such as swapping values or using more diverse perturbations.

But perhaps the main issue is the choice of optimization algorithm. Let's think: COBYLA is a constrained optimization method, which is suitable here since we have equality and bounds. However, it might not be the most effective for non-convex objectives.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method (Sequential Least Squares Programming) which is also a constrained method and handles smooth objectives. Let's see: the current code uses COBYLA for the perturbations and L-BFGS-B for refinement. Maybe using SLSQP instead of COBYLA could lead to better convergence.

Another possibility is to use the 'SLSQP' method during the initial steps and then refine with L-BFGS-B. This might help in maintaining the constraints better.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where the initial exploration uses SLSQP with different starting points, then refining.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the existing code by:

1. Changing the optimization methods to SLSQP instead of COBYLA for the initial steps.
2. Using a different perturbation strategy, such as more diverse perturbations or using a different noise_scale schedule.
3. Using a different initial guess. For example, generating a better starting point by using a different pattern.

Let me consider the initial_h_values provided. If the initial solution is not optimal, perhaps generating a different initial guess that has a better structure. For example, creating a function that is periodic or has certain symmetry properties.

But how to generate such a function? For example, if the function h is constructed to have certain intervals where it is high (say, 1) and low (0), arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Alternatively, using a sinusoidal function or another periodic function, but discretized into steps. However, since the function must be a step function, this would require piecewise constant values.

Alternatively, perhaps creating a function with more intervals of 1 and 0, but arranged in a way to minimize overlap. For example, a function that is 1 over certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, with intervals arranged so that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

But this is similar to the initial approach. For example, the initial_h_values may already be a good candidate, but the optimization may need to refine it further.

Another idea: using a more sophisticated mutation strategy in the perturbations, such as swapping intervals or adjusting certain points to create more variation.

Alternatively, using a different starting point with a higher number of points, like 60, but ensuring it meets the sum constraint.

But to create a starting point, perhaps generating a random vector that meets the sum constraint. For example, for n_points=60, the sum should be 30 (since n_points=60, 60/2=30). So, generate a random vector of 60 elements between 0 and 1, then scale them so that their sum is 30.

But how to do this? One approach is to generate a random vector, compute its sum, and then multiply each element by (target_sum / sum) to scale it. However, this could lead to some elements exceeding the [0,1] range. To prevent this, perhaps generate a random vector and then normalize it.

But this is not reliable because if the initial random vector has very small values, scaling might cause some elements to go above 1. Alternatively, generate a vector of values between 0 and 1, then apply a simplex method to adjust it to meet the sum constraint. However, this might be computationally intensive.

Alternatively, use a uniform distribution with normalization. Let me think: generate a random vector with each element uniformly between 0 and 1, compute the sum, then scale each element by (target_sum / sum). However, this may lead to some elements exceeding 1. To handle this, perhaps we can clip the elements to 1, but this might not preserve the sum. So this approach is not straightforward.

Alternatively, create a vector where some elements are 1 and others are 0, arranged periodically. For example, for n_points=60, have 30 elements at 1 and 30 elements at 0, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. But this is similar to the initial approach.

But for a more efficient starting point, perhaps generate a vector that is 1 for half the points and 0 for the other half, but arranged in a certain pattern.

For example, for even n_points, set the first half to 1 and the second half to 0. But this would create a high overlap when k is 1. So, to avoid this, perhaps create a more random pattern. For example, randomly assign 1 and 0 values, then ensure the sum is correct.

But again, this is similar to the previous approach.

Given that the initial_h_values is provided, perhaps the code should try using it as the starting point, but with different optimization strategies.

Another thought: in the previous code, after the loop of perturbations and optimizations, there is a refinement step with L-BFGS-B. Maybe this step is not sufficient. Perhaps adding more refinement steps, or using other methods.

Alternatively, during the refinement, using a different method like SLSQP or another solver.

Another idea: using the 'Nelder-Mead' method for the initial steps, which is another derivative-free method, but it's not as efficient as COBYLA or DE.

Alternatively, perhaps using multiple different optimization methods in sequence.

But considering time and code complexity, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code by:

1. Replacing the COBYLA with a differential evolution method for the initial exploration, then refining with L-BFGS-B.

But given that differential evolution in scipy.optimize doesn't directly support constraints, perhaps use a penalty method to include the constraints.

Alternatively, use the 'SLSQP' method with the constraints properly set.

So, modifying the code to use the SLSQP method instead of COBYLA for the initial steps, and adjust the parameters.

Let me also consider the parameters. In the previous code, the perturbation noise_scale decreases over time. Maybe adjusting this or using different strategies.

Another possibility is to use a more effective way to explore the solution space. For example, using a population-based approach with multiple starting points.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the most effective way is to switch to using differential evolution for the initial steps, followed by a local optimizer.

But how to handle the equality constraint in DE? It's possible that the constraint is enforced by including it in the objective function as a penalty. For example, adding a penalty term to the objective function to encourage the sum to be close to the target_sum.

However, this complicates the objective function. Alternatively, during the DE steps, we can ensure that the constraint is satisfied by adjusting the parameters.

But this is not straightforward. So, perhaps the best approach is to use SLSQP with the constraints, and use different initial guesses.

So, modifying the code to:

- Use SLSQP for the initial steps, with perturbations.

But given that the code is already using COBYLA, maybe changing the method to 'SLSQP' could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 45. Maybe trying with a different number of points. For example, using 60 points could allow for a more detailed function, which might lead to a better solution. But the code must run within 100 seconds.

Let me estimate the computational time. For each iteration in the loop, the code runs an optimization with COBYLA for 100 steps. If the number of points increases, the time per iteration increases. However, the code is allowed up to 100 seconds, so perhaps increasing n_points to 60 could be manageable.

Let me proceed with adjusting the code:

- Try using a different number of points, like 60.
- Use a different optimization method, such as SLSQP for the initial exploration and L-BFGS-B for refinement.
- Adjust the perturbation strategy, perhaps using different noise scales or more diverse perturbations.

Let me also consider that the initial_h_values are for n_points=45. So, if using a different n_points, the initial guess would need to be generated algorithmically.

But the problem states that the user may want to start from the current construction (initial_h_values), which is 45 points. However, perhaps generating a different starting point with more points could lead to better results.

But given the time and code complexity, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method and adjust parameters.

In code, perhaps changing the 'COBYLA' method to 'SLSQP' in the minimize calls.

So, revising the previous code:

In the loop:

result = optimize.minimize(
    fun=objective,
    x0=perturbed_guess,
    method='SLSQP',
    bounds=bounds,
    constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
    options={'maxiter': 100, 'disp': False}
)

This might lead to better optimization.

Additionally, perhaps adjusting the number of iterations in the loop or the noise_scale.

Alternatively, using a more aggressive perturbation strategy.

Another idea: using a different perturbation method, such as swapping values between different points, or modifying certain intervals.

But for simplicity, perhaps stick with the current perturbation strategy.

In conclusion, the code can be adjusted to use 'SLSQP' instead of 'COBYLA', which may provide better optimization, and perhaps refine further with 'L-BFGS-B'.

Additionally, the code can be modified to try different starting points by generating random ones, but given the time constraints, perhaps the initial starting point is the best option.

So, putting it all together, the revised code would replace COBYLA with SLSQP in the loop, and refine with L-BFGS-B. Also, possibly adjust the number of iterations or other parameters.

Another consideration: the objective function computes the maximum of the cross-correlation. This is a non-smooth function, and the optimization method may have trouble. Using a robust solver like SLSQP may help.

Now, considering the code structure, the run function would need to be adjusted. Here's a plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point (n_points=45).
- In the loop, for each iteration, perturb the current best guess with a random noise, then optimize with SLSQP.
- After the loop, refine with L-BFGS-B.
- Track the best solution found.

This approach uses SLSQP for the initial steps and L-BFGS-B for final refinement.

Another adjustment: the noise_scale can be adjusted. For example, decreasing it over time to allow for finer tuning.

Let me also consider that the current code's initial_h_values may not be the best starting point. However, given that it's provided, it's better to use it.

In terms of code, the main changes would be replacing the method to SLSQP and possibly adjusting the noise scale.

So, the revised code would look like this, with the method changed to 'SLSQP' in the minimize calls.

Additionally, to ensure that the sum constraint is properly handled, the code must pass the constraints to the optimizer.

This approach may yield better results than the previous method.

Now, considering the time constraints, this modification might be the key to finding a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    # SLSQP-guided search with adaptive perturbation
    for i in range(300):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Adaptive perturbation
        noise_scale = max(0.01, 0.1 * (1 - i / 300))
        perturb = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'disp': False, 'ftol': 1e-8}
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    # Final refinement with L-BFGS-B
    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=best_h,
        method='L-BFGS-B',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 100, 'disp': False}
    )

    if result.success:
        best_c5 = objective(result.x)
        best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```