<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the goal is to get even lower, like 0.380876. Let's think about how to approach this.

The previous code used a genetic-inspired approach with COBYLA and then L-BFGS-B for refinement. But maybe I can find a better strategy. Let me recall the problem: find a step function h over [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral (correlation) is minimized. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. 

So, the challenge is to balance the function h so that when you shift it by different k, the overlap isn't too large. The previous approach uses a starting point and perturbation with COBYLA, then refines with L-BFGS-B. Maybe I can try different optimization methods or algorithms. 

Let me consider alternative approaches. Maybe using a different optimization method, like simulated annealing or genetic algorithms, but those might be too slow. Or perhaps a more structured approach, like using symmetry or specific patterns in the function h. 

Wait, the initial_h_values is given with n=45 samples. Maybe the current construction is a good starting point, but maybe there's a better way to generate the initial guess. Also, the previous code uses COBYLA for perturbation and L-BFGS for refinement. Perhaps using a different optimization algorithm for the initial exploration, or combining different methods.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that minimizes the maximum overlap with its shifted versions. This resembles a covering problem where we want the function to not overlap too much with itself at various shifts. Maybe designing h to have certain periodicity or pattern that spreads out the mass to avoid overlaps.

Wait, since the integral of h is 1, the average of h is 1/2. But the function has to be in [0,1], so maybe h is a step function that's 1 in some intervals and 0 otherwise, but arranged in a way that when shifted by different k, the overlap is minimized. For example, if h is made of blocks where it is 1 for certain periods, then shifting by k could cause overlaps. But how to structure this?

Alternatively, think of it as a binary or ternary function. For example, maybe using a pattern that repeats every certain interval. But with the integral constraint, the total area under h is 1. 

But given that the domain is [0,2], and the function is a step function, perhaps dividing the interval into segments where h is 1 or 0. But for the optimal solution, maybe the function isn't strictly 0 or 1 but takes intermediate values. 

Another idea: since the integral is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So, perhaps the function is designed to have equal amounts of 0 and 1, but with some structure. For example, arranging the h to be 1 in regions that are spread out when shifted. 

But how to model this? Let's think about the overlap integral. For each shift k, the overlap is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This is equivalent to the integral over the intersection of the support of h and the support of (1 - h(x + k)). So, for a given k, the overlap is the measure of the overlap between the regions where h is 1 and the regions where h is 0 when shifted by k. 

To minimize the maximum overlap over all k, the function h should be designed such that the shifts k don't cause too much overlap. So, perhaps structuring h to have multiple distinct regions where it is 1, each spaced apart in a way that shifting doesn't overlap them. 

But how to translate this into a step function? Maybe using a periodic pattern. However, since the domain is [0,2], perhaps the function is constructed with multiple segments where it's 1, each spaced so that their shifted versions don't overlap. 

Alternatively, think of the problem as a covering problem. We need to cover the interval [0,2] with regions where h is 1, such that for any shift k, the overlap with the complement (where h is 0) is minimized. 

But I'm not sure how to translate this into an algorithm. Maybe the previous approach of using optimization is the way to go, but with more efficient methods. 

Looking back at the previous code, it uses a perturbation step with COBYLA and then a refinement with L-BFGS. Maybe I can try different optimization methods, like using a particle swarm optimization or a different local search. However, the code needs to run within 100 seconds. 

Another idea: the current code uses the initial_h_values as the starting point. Maybe generating a different initial guess could lead to better results. For example, perhaps using a different pattern, like a more uniform distribution of the 1s, but with some structure. 

But since the user says that the initial_h_values is provided, perhaps we should use that. But the problem allows for using other starting points if necessary, to avoid local optima. 

Alternatively, maybe trying a different method for the initial perturbation. Instead of adding random noise, maybe trying to adjust the h to have more balanced segments. For example, if the current h has regions where it's 1, maybe splitting them into smaller segments to spread out the mass. 

Another thought: since the overlap integral is max over k, maybe focusing on certain k values where the overlap is likely to be high. For example, the shifts that correspond to the spacing between the 1 regions. 

But again, how to incorporate this into the optimization. 

Let me consider the constraints. The integral of h is 1, so the total area under h is fixed. The function is over [0,2], so the length is 2. 

Another approach: using a geometric construction. For example, arranging the function h as a step function with equal intervals. Suppose we divide [0,2] into m intervals, each of length 2/m. Then, the function is 1 in certain intervals. But the integral constraint requires that the total length of intervals where h is 1 is exactly 1 (since integral over [0,2] is 1, and each interval is of length dx). So if each interval is length dx, then the number of intervals where h is 1 is 1/dx. 

But dx = 2 / n_points. So the total number of intervals where h is 1 would be n_points / 2. 

For example, if n_points is 45, then dx is 2/45. So the function would have (45/2) intervals where h is 1. But since intervals can't be fractions, this suggests that even number of points may be needed. However, the initial_h_values has 45 points, so perhaps it's a way to approximate this. 

But how does this help with the overlap? If the intervals where h is 1 are spread out, then shifting by certain k would not overlap them. For example, if the intervals are spaced with sufficient gaps between them. 

But how to find such a spacing. Perhaps, for a given number of intervals, arranging them so that their centers are spaced as far apart as possible. 

This is similar to a packing problem. So, if we have m intervals of length l (each), their total length is m*l = 1. So l = 1/m. The spacing between the intervals would need to be such that when shifted, their overlaps are minimized. 

But I'm not sure how to translate this into code. 

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral is the maximum over k, perhaps the worst case occurs at shifts that are multiples of the spacing between the intervals. 

But this is getting too abstract. Let's think back about the previous code. It uses a starting point and then perturbations with COBYLA. Maybe the issue is that COBYLA is a local optimizer and can get stuck in a local minimum. So perhaps combining different optimization methods, or using a different strategy to avoid local optima. 

Another thought: instead of using a single starting point, maybe generate multiple starting points with different patterns and run the optimization on each, then pick the best result. But given the time constraints, generating multiple starting points might be too slow. 

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization algorithm for the initial exploration. For example, using a gradient-based method with line search, or a Bayesian optimization approach. But the previous code uses COBYLA and L-BFGS-B. 

Wait, what if I use a different approach for the optimization? For instance, starting with a uniform distribution and then adjusting it. Or using a more structured approach, like using a genetic algorithm with crossover and mutation. 

However, genetic algorithms are usually more computationally intensive. But given the time budget of 100 seconds, maybe with some optimizations, it's feasible. 

Alternatively, using a different optimization library or method. For example, using the SLSQP method with more constraints. 

But the previous code already uses constrained optimization with COBYLA. 

Let me think about the objective function. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the correlation. So, for each shift k, the correlation is computed, and the maximum is taken. So, the problem is a minimax problem. 

In such cases, sometimes it's helpful to use coordinate descent, where you optimize one variable at a time, but that could be slow. 

Alternatively, considering that the maximum is over all k, perhaps we can approximate this maximum by considering a finite set of k's. For example, only evaluating k up to a certain maximum shift. But in the current setup, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. 

But maybe there's a way to reduce the number of k's evaluated. However, since the maximum is over all k, it's necessary to consider all possible shifts. 

Another idea: precompute the set of k's that are most likely to contribute to the maximum. For example, shifts that are small multiples of the interval spacing. However, without knowing the structure of h, this is difficult. 

Alternatively, maybe the maximum overlap occurs for shifts that are equal to the spacing between the regions where h is 1. So, if the function is designed with periodicity, then shifts equal to the period would be critical. 

But again, how to incorporate this into the code. 

Let me think about the previous code's approach. It starts with an initial guess, then perturbs it and optimizes. The perturbation is random noise added to the current best guess. Then, after some iterations, a refinement with L-BFGS. 

But perhaps using a different approach for the initial exploration, such as using a grid search over certain parameters, or using a different optimization method. 

Another thought: the previous code uses the 'COBYLA' method, which is suitable for bounds and equality constraints. Maybe trying other methods like 'SLSQP' which can handle more general constraints. 

But the problem is that the parameters are in the bounds and the sum constraint. 

Let me also think about the initial guess. The initial_h_values might not be the optimal starting point. Maybe generating a different initial guess, such as a step function with more evenly spaced intervals. 

For example, the initial guess could be structured in a way that the function is 1 in certain intervals, then 0, etc., arranged to minimize overlap. 

But how to generate such a function algorithmically. For instance, dividing the interval into N segments, each of length dx, and setting h[i] to 1 for some intervals. 

But for the current problem, the initial guess is provided, and I'm supposed to use it. However, since the user allows using other starting points, perhaps creating a different initial guess might help. 

But given the time constraints, maybe it's better to stick with the initial_h_values. 

Let me consider modifying the previous code. For example, using a different optimization method for the initial exploration. Maybe using a random restart strategy, where multiple initial guesses are tried. 

But with 100 seconds, how many iterations can I do? Let's see. The previous code runs 300 iterations of perturbation, each with a COBYLA optimization. But maybe that's too slow. 

Alternatively, reducing the number of iterations but using more aggressive perturbations. 

Another idea: using a different method for refinement. After the initial exploration, perhaps using a more global optimization method, like differential evolution, to avoid local minima. 

But the differential evolution is in scipy.optimize.differential_evolution. However, it requires a bounded optimization. 

Let me consider integrating differential evolution into the process. For example, using differential evolution for the initial exploration, then refining with L-BFGS-B. 

But given the time constraints, perhaps this would be more efficient. 

Alternatively, maybe using a hybrid approach. 

So, the plan is:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as the initial guess.

2. Perform a global optimization (like differential evolution) to find a better solution.

3. Refine the result using a local optimization method (like L-BFGS-B).

But how to fit this into the time budget. 

Another possible change: adjust the hyperparameters. For example, in the previous code, the perturbation scale decreases over time. Maybe adjusting the noise_scale or the number of iterations.

Also, the previous code uses COBYLA with a fixed number of iterations, but perhaps using a different setting for the options.

Another thing to note: the correlation calculation in the code is using np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'). However, for the integral, the correct computation would be to take the correlation, multiply by dx, and find the maximum. 

But maybe there are more efficient ways to compute this maximum. For example, considering that the maximum is over all possible shifts, and the number of possible shifts depends on the length of h. 

But the code is already doing that. 

Another thought: the current approach might be too slow, leading to not enough iterations. So perhaps reducing the number of iterations but making each iteration more effective. 

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, generating a different starting vector. 

But since the initial_h_values is given, maybe the best approach is to use that and find a better way to optimize it. 

Another idea: using a more efficient optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with some initial steps, but that's what the previous code does. 

Wait, in the previous code, the initial steps use COBYLA for exploration, then L-BFGS-B for refinement. 

Perhaps, instead of using COBYLA, which is a local optimizer, the initial exploration could use a different approach. For example, using a simplex method or differential evolution. 

Let me think about the time. The previous code runs 300 iterations, each with a COBYLA optimization. But COBYLA is for constrained optimization, so each iteration might take time. 

Maybe switching to a different optimization strategy. For instance, using differential evolution for the initial steps and then refining. 

Let me try to outline the steps. 

The code would:

- Use differential evolution (DE) to find a better solution, given the constraints.

- Then perform a local optimization (like L-BFGS-B) to refine the result. 

But the problem is that differential evolution may not find the best solution in the time allowed. 

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. 

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses the 'constraint_sum' as an equality constraint. That is correct because the sum of h must be n_points / 2. 

Now, considering that the objective function is the maximum of the correlation, which is non-differentiable. Therefore, methods that rely on gradients may have issues. 

However, the problem is to minimize the maximum correlation. So, perhaps using a penalty method, where the objective is the maximum correlation plus a penalty for violating the constraint. 

But the code already uses an equality constraint. 

Another thought: since the maximum correlation is the objective, it's a non-differentiable function, which makes gradient-based methods challenging. 

Therefore, using a method like COBYLA which can handle non-smooth objectives might be better. 

But in the previous code, the initial perturbation uses COBYLA, which may not be the most effective. 

Let me think of other approaches. Maybe using a stochastic optimization method, such as simulated annealing, which might explore the solution space more effectively. 

However, simulated annealing is more computationally intensive and may not fit within the time budget. 

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can be efficient. However, Bayesian optimization is more suitable for expensive functions, and the objective function here is not too expensive. 

But again, time is limited. 

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code uses a loop of 300 iterations, each with COBYLA. Maybe that's too many iterations. Perhaps reducing the number of iterations and using more aggressive perturbations. 

Another thing to note: the initial code's best_c5 is updated only when the result is successful. So if the optimization fails, it's not considered. 

But in practice, optimizing such a problem may have success in some cases. 

Let me think about the hyperparameters. In the previous code, the noise_scale starts at 0.1 and decreases linearly. Maybe adjusting this. For example, starting with larger perturbations and then reducing them. 

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to generate perturbations. Instead of adding random noise uniformly, maybe adding noise that targets regions where the function is too high or too low. 

But how to implement this. 

Alternatively, switching the optimization methods. For example, using SLSQP instead of COBYLA for the initial steps. 

Let me think about the time. Suppose that the code has to run within 100 seconds. For each iteration, the COBYLA optimization may take some time. So, if the code runs for 100 seconds and each iteration takes, say, 0.1 seconds, then 1000 iterations would be possible. But in the previous code, it runs 300 iterations. 

Therefore, maybe increasing the number of iterations would help. But the code may need to be adjusted to fit within the time budget. 

But how to determine how much time each iteration takes. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method that is faster. 

Let me consider using the 'L-BFGS-B' method for the initial steps. However, this method requires the gradient of the objective function. Since the objective is the maximum of a set of values, the gradient is not straightforward. 

Therefore, without the gradient, this method may not be applicable. 

But in the previous code, the optimization is done with COBYLA, which does not require gradients. 

So, perhaps it's better to stick with COBYLA for the initial steps. 

Another idea: adjusting the parameters of the COBYLA method, such as the maximum number of iterations, or the tolerance for convergence. 

In the previous code, the options are {'maxiter': 100, 'disp': False}. Maybe increasing this could lead to better results. 

But the problem is that more iterations take more time. 

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach, where multiple initial points are tried, and the best is selected. 

But how to implement this. 

Let me think of another approach. Maybe the function h can be modeled as a combination of a few segments, each with a certain pattern. For example, a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, with the intervals arranged to minimize overlap when shifted. 

For example, if the initial_h_values has a certain pattern, perhaps modifying it by splitting some of the intervals into smaller ones to reduce overlap. 

But how to translate this into code. 

Alternatively, consider the following strategy: 

1. Start with the initial_h_values.

2. For each point, determine if adjusting it up or down leads to lower overlap. 

But this is similar to a gradient-based approach, which may not work for the non-differentiable objective. 

Alternatively, using a more heuristic approach. 

Let me think back to the previous code. The main issue might be that the initial approach is too slow and doesn't explore enough. Perhaps using a different initial guess and a different optimization strategy. 

Another idea: instead of randomly perturbing the current best guess, generate new initial guesses by shifting the current best guess and using that as a new starting point. 

But this is just a variation of the previous approach. 

Alternatively, using a more structured perturbation, such as adjusting the function to have more balanced regions where h is 1 and 0. 

But again, without knowing the structure, it's hard to implement. 

Perhaps, given the time constraints, the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, and see if it can find a better solution. 

Let me sketch this approach. 

Use differential evolution on the initial guess, then refine with L-BFGS-B. 

The code would need to use the scipy.optimize.differential_evolution function. 

But how to set up the bounds and the objective. 

The differential evolution method can handle the constraints by using bounds and a penalty function for the equality constraint. 

But the equality constraint is that the sum of h must be equal to n_points / 2. 

However, differential evolution is designed for bounds, not equality constraints. To handle the equality constraint, we can penalize the objective function when the constraint is violated. 

So, the objective function for differential evolution would be:

def objective_de(h_values):
    h = np.array(h_values)
    corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    c5 = np.max(corr) * dx
    constraint_violation = abs(np.sum(h) - target_sum)
    return c5 + penalty * constraint_violation

where penalty is a large constant to ensure that the constraint is satisfied. 

However, this is an approximate method, and the penalty may not be sufficient. 

But this approach may allow the differential evolution to explore a better solution. 

Once the DE finds a good solution, we can then refine it with L-BFGS-B, which is a local optimizer. 

But how to implement this in the code. 

Let me think about the time. Differential evolution may take longer, but perhaps with a smaller population size, it could run within the budget. 

But given that the code must run in 100 seconds, it's a trade-off. 

Alternatively, using a combination of both methods. 

However, implementing this would require significant changes to the previous code. 

Another idea: since the code uses the initial_h_values, which might be close to the optimal, using a more refined optimization. For example, using a global optimization on a reduced number of points. 

But perhaps the best way is to try modifying the previous code to use differential evolution for the initial steps. 

Let me try to draft the code. 

But considering the time, maybe the previous code can be modified to use a different approach for the initial optimization. 

For example, using a different method like SLSQP for the initial steps. 

Alternatively, increasing the number of iterations in the COBYLA steps. 

But I need to think about what changes would lead to a better solution. 

Another thing to consider: the previous code has a loop of 300 iterations, each with a perturbation and optimization. Maybe increasing this number, but with fewer iterations per step. 

Alternatively, using a more efficient perturbation strategy. For example, using a larger noise_scale initially and then decreasing it over time, which is what the code does. 

But perhaps the code could be modified to try more diverse perturbations. 

Another idea: instead of perturbing all points, focus on certain regions that are likely to cause overlaps. 

But without knowing where these regions are, it's hard to implement. 

Given the time constraints, maybe the best path is to refine the previous code's approach by adjusting the optimization parameters, using a different method for the initial steps, and possibly using more iterations. 

Let me think about the previous code's output. The current best is 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. So there is a small gap. Perhaps by improving the initial guess or optimizing more effectively, we can close this gap. 

One possible adjustment is to use a higher resolution, but the user prefers smaller sequences with less than 1k samples. The initial_h_values has n_points=45, which is acceptable. 

Another thing: the current code uses a "full" mode in the correlation, which might be unnecessary. The maximum correlation occurs for shifts up to a certain range. 

For example, the correlation in 'full' mode includes shifts from -n+1 to n-1. However, for our problem, the maximum overlap is likely to occur for certain shifts. 

But I'm not sure if there's a way to reduce the number of shifts considered. 

Alternatively, the code could compute the correlation and take the maximum, which is what it does. 

In conclusion, the main idea is to improve the optimization strategy to find a better solution. Given the time, trying different optimization methods, adjusting parameters, and possibly using different starting points could help. 

So, the plan for the new code is:

- Start with the initial_h_values.

- Use a global optimization method (like differential evolution) to explore the solution space more thoroughly.

- Refine the result with a local optimizer.

- Adjust hyperparameters to improve the optimization speed and effectiveness. 

But integrating this into the existing code. 

Alternatively, trying a different approach, such as using the 'SLSQP' method with a custom gradient. 

But the objective function is the maximum of the correlation, which is non-differentiable. So, the gradient is difficult to compute. 

Another idea: approximate the objective function with a differentiable one. For example, using the maximum value and considering it as a separate variable. 

But this would complicate the optimization. 

In the absence of a better idea, I'll proceed with modifying the previous code's approach by adjusting the optimization parameters and using a different method for the initial exploration. 

Let me modify the code to use a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with a different strategy, or perhaps using a different number of iterations. 

Wait, the previous code uses COBYLA for the initial steps and L-BFGS-B for refinement. Maybe using the 'L-BFGS-B' method for the initial steps could be more efficient. 

But the problem is that 'L-BFGS-B' requires gradient information, which is not available for the non-differentiable objective. 

Alternatively, using the 'COBYLA' method for the initial steps with more iterations. 

Another thing to note: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (300), which may be too many. Perhaps reducing this number and using a more aggressive optimization. 

Let me think about the previous code's execution time. Each iteration involves a COBYLA optimization, which may take several seconds. If the code can run more iterations within the time limit, it could find better solutions. 

But without knowing the exact time, it's hard to say. 

In the end, perhaps the best way is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, like using 'SLSQP' with a penalty for the constraint, and see if that improves the result. 

Alternatively, trying a different approach, like using a fixed pattern for the h function. 

For example, suppose we divide the interval into equal parts, and set h to 1 in certain intervals. For instance, if the function is 1 in periodic intervals spaced to minimize overlap. 

But without knowing the exact spacing, this is difficult. 

But let's think: if h is a periodic function with period d, then the overlap with a shift of d would be zero. So, if we can arrange the function to be periodic with certain period d, such that when shifted by d, the overlap is minimized. 

However, the integral is 1. So, for example, if the period is d, then the integral over each period must be 1/m for some m. 

But this is getting too abstract. 

In the end, I think the best path is to modify the previous code's optimization approach, perhaps using a different method or adjusting parameters. Given the time constraints, perhaps the following changes:

- Use a different optimization method for the initial exploration, like differential evolution.

- Increase the number of iterations for the initial steps.

- Use a larger number of perturbations.

But given the time, I need to write the code quickly. 

Let me proceed to code the modified approach:

- Use the initial_h_values.

- Perform a global optimization using differential evolution on the initial guess.

- Then refine with L-BFGS-B.

However, implementing this requires changes. 

But given the time, perhaps using the existing code and changing the initial steps to use differential evolution. 

Alternatively, trying to use SLSQP with the constraint. 

But given that the objective is non-differentiable, SLSQP may not be suitable. 

So, I'll proceed with the previous approach, but perhaps adjust the perturbation and optimization parameters. 

Another idea: increase the number of iterations in the COBYLA loop. 

In the previous code, the loop runs for 300 iterations. Maybe changing it to 500 or 1000, but with a higher budget. 

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, the code must not exceed that. 

In conclusion, I'll proceed to submit a modified version of the previous code, perhaps adjusting the noise_scale, the number of iterations, and the optimization method. 

The key changes would be:

- Using a different perturbation strategy, such as adjusting only certain parts of the function.

- Increasing the number of iterations but with reduced noise scale.

- Using a different optimization method for refinement. 

But due to time, I'll proceed with a code that modifies the previous approach, perhaps increasing the number of iterations and adjusting the noise_scale.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    # Adaptive perturbation with COBYLA
    for i in range(300):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Larger initial noise, decreasing over time
        noise_scale = max(0.01, 0.1 * (1 - i / 300))
        perturb = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 150, 'disp': False}
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    # Final refinement with L-BFGS-B
    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=best_h,
        method='L-BFGS-B',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 150, 'disp': False}
    )

    if result.success:
        best_c5 = objective(result.x)
        best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```