<think>
Okay, so I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. The previous code tried using a genetic-inspired approach with COBYLA and then L-BFGS-B, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better way.

First, let me understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that integrates to 1, minimizes the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k. The overlap integral is computed as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The maximum over k is C₅. The challenge is to find a construction that makes this C₅ as small as possible.

The initial approach used a genetic-like method with perturbations and optimization. But maybe that's not the most efficient. Perhaps using different optimization algorithms could help. Also, maybe there's a smarter way to construct h, like using periodic functions or certain patterns that balance the overlaps.

Another thought: the previous code used a fixed number of samples (n_points from initial_h_values, which is 45). Maybe trying different numbers of points could lead to better results. For example, using fewer points might allow for simpler, more regular patterns that are easier to optimize.

But the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The initial code uses n=45, which is small enough. However, perhaps trying even smaller n, like 30 or 40, could be better. Wait, but maybe the initial construction is already optimized for 45 points. So perhaps the problem is not the number of points but the optimization approach.

The previous code used COBYLA with perturbations, then L-BFGS-B. Maybe switching to a different optimization method, like SLSQP or another method that handles constraints better? Also, perhaps using more sophisticated exploration strategies, such as simulated annealing or Bayesian optimization. However, given the time budget of 100 seconds, those might be too slow.

Another angle: the problem is a constrained optimization problem. The constraints are that the integral of h is 1 and h is between 0 and 1. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation. So maybe we can model this more directly. However, the max function is non-smooth, which complicates optimization. Maybe approximating the max with a smooth function or transforming the problem into a minimax one.

Alternatively, maybe there's a way to structure h to have certain symmetries. For example, exploiting periodicity or using a pattern that repeats over the interval. Since the interval is [0,2], a 2-periodic function might be useful. Or maybe a symmetric function around 1.0.

Alternatively, think of the problem as designing h to be as "spread out" as possible to minimize overlaps. The overlap integral for each shift k is the area where h(x) is 1 and (1 - h(x +k)) is 1, which means h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. So the overlap is like avoiding overlaps where h is 1 and h shifted by k is also 1. So the goal is to arrange the regions where h is 1 such that their shifted versions don't overlap too much.

So maybe the optimal h is a union of intervals arranged so that their translations don't overlap much. For example, if h is composed of non-overlapping intervals, but shifted versions might still overlap.

Another idea: the current code uses COBYLA with constraints. Maybe using a genetic algorithm with better mutation strategies could find better solutions. Or using particle swarm optimization. But again, time is a constraint.

Wait, the previous code tried multiple perturbations and then refined. Maybe instead of perturbing the best solution, using a more global search approach. Or using a different initial guess. But the initial_h_values are provided, so maybe we should try starting from that, but also consider other patterns.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a different space. For example, since the integral over [0,2] is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So perhaps h is a binary function (taking 0 or 1) with exactly half the interval set to 1. However, the problem allows h to be any step function with values between 0 and 1. But for the optimal case, maybe binary functions are better. However, the initial guess is a step function with more than two values, so perhaps that's not the case.

Wait, the initial code uses a step function with n_points samples. Maybe the optimal h is a binary function, but with certain properties. For example, if h is 1 in certain intervals and 0 otherwise, then the overlap integral for each shift k would be the measure of the set where h(x) and h(x +k) are both 1. So, the problem becomes arranging intervals where h is 1 such that their shifted versions don't overlap too much. But for this, the optimal arrangement might be something like a set of non-overlapping intervals, but that's not possible because shifts can cause overlaps.

Alternatively, maybe using a more structured approach, like having h(x) be 1 on intervals that are spaced apart. For example, if the support of h is a set of intervals that are separated by a certain distance, then shifting by k would cause overlaps only when k is small.

But how to model this? Maybe the problem is similar to a packing problem, where you want to arrange intervals so that their shifts don't overlap too much. However, the exact formulation is not obvious.

Another approach: consider that the maximum overlap integral will be over some k. For each k, the integral is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. To minimize the maximum over all k, we need to make sure that for all shifts, the overlap is small. If h is designed to have low cross-correlation with itself shifted by any k, then this would be good.

But cross-correlation is a measure of similarity. So perhaps the problem is similar to designing a function h that has low cross-correlation with itself over all shifts. This is similar to the problem in signal processing where you want a sequence with low autocorrelation. For example, the Barker codes are sequences with minimal autocorrelation. But here, the problem is different since we have a continuous function.

However, the idea of low autocorrelation might be applicable. So maybe constructing h such that the cross-correlation (which is what we're trying to minimize) is low. So perhaps the optimal h is something like a binary sequence with balanced autocorrelation, but spread out over the interval [0,2].

But how to translate this into a construction?

Alternatively, if we model h as a binary function (0 or 1), then the integral becomes the length of the intersection between the support of h and h shifted by k. So, for example, if h is 1 on intervals [a, b] and [c, d], then the overlap for a shift k would be the measure of x where x is in [a, b] and x +k is in [a, b], etc. But this seems complicated.

But maybe the problem can be approached by considering the function h as a binary indicator, with a certain number of intervals. Then the challenge is to arrange these intervals so that their shifts don't overlap too much. However, the optimal arrangement might involve a periodic pattern, like a set of intervals spaced evenly.

But the initial code uses a step function with more than two values. Maybe the previous approach is too local, so trying a different method could help.

Another thought: the previous code uses COBYLA and L-BFGS-B with a fixed number of points. Maybe trying a different optimization method, like using a global optimization algorithm, or using a more efficient local optimization. Or using a different way to handle the constraints.

Alternatively, maybe using a gradient-based method with better handling of the max function. However, since the max is non-differentiable, this could be a problem. But maybe using a smooth approximation for the max function. For example, replacing max with a smooth function that approximates it, like the max of several terms with a penalty.

But how to implement that? Or perhaps, during the optimization, we can track the maximum value of the cross-correlation and minimize that. However, the max function complicate things. So maybe the problem is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation values, which is equivalent to finding the h that minimizes the maximum over all k.

But how to handle this in optimization. One approach is to use a constrained optimization where for each k, we ensure that the cross-correlation is below a certain threshold. However, since there are infinitely many k's, this isn't straightforward. But since we are working with a discrete set of points, perhaps we can approximate the integral by discretizing the shifts.

Wait, but in the code, the cross-correlation is computed using numpy.correlate, which for the full mode gives the convolution. But the integral is computed over the continuous function, so the evaluation is using a discrete approximation. However, the code currently uses the full mode, which might not be the right approach. Wait, the problem defines the overlap integral as ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. But when you take the correlation, it's integrating over x, which for the full mode of numpy.correlate (which is the cross-correlation) would give the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) dx. Wait, the correlation function in numpy for mode 'full' gives, for each shift k, the value of the cross-correlation. However, in our case, the integral is over the entire domain of x, but the shifts k can be any real number. However, in practice, the code is approximating the integral by evaluating the cross-correlation at discrete shifts, which are the ones corresponding to the sample points. But this might not capture all possible shifts. However, the code is using the np.correlate function, which is for the discrete case.

Wait, the problem says that the evaluation computes C₅ as the maximum of np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full') * dx. However, the actual integral C₅ is the maximum over all real numbers k of ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. But in the code, they are approximating this maximum by evaluating the cross-correlation at discrete shifts. However, the cross-correlation in numpy's 'full' mode gives the values for different shifts. For example, if the original array h has length N, then the cross-correlation with 1-h has length 2N-1. The maximum of these values (times dx) is the C₅ in the code's evaluation. But this is an approximation of the true maximum over all real shifts. However, the problem's C₅ is the real maximum, and the code's approach is a discretization. This means that the code might find a locally optimal solution for the discrete shifts, but not the true optimal for the continuous case. Therefore, the previous approach may not give the true C₅, but instead an approximation.

But given that the problem requires us to use the evaluation with discrete shifts and the code as given, the approach is correct. However, maybe there are better ways to approximate the maximum over shifts by using different shift steps or more accurate methods.

But the key issue is that the code's current approach might be stuck in local minima. Therefore, trying different optimization strategies could help. For example, using a different initial guess, or using a more global optimization method.

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is the key, maybe the optimal h is designed such that the cross-correlation is flat, or has minimal peaks. This is similar to designing a function with minimal autocorrelation. For example, in signal processing, a sequence with minimal autocorrelation is desirable. Perhaps using techniques from that field could help.

But how to adapt that to this continuous case? Maybe using a construction inspired by Frankl's theorem or other combinatorial designs.

Alternatively, consider that the integral ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx can be rewritten. Let's see: 

The integral over x of h(x) (1 - h(x +k)) dx = ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx. 

Since the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1, then this becomes 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx. 

So the overlap integral is 1 minus the integral of the product of h(x) and h(x +k). Therefore, the problem of minimizing the maximum of this integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x) h(x +k) over k. So we want to maximize the minimal cross-correlation integral, which would minimize our C₅.

But how to handle this? The original problem was to minimize the maximum of (1 - cross_corr), which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of cross_corr. However, this might not directly help in the optimization.

Another approach could be to model the problem as a variational problem. However, this would likely be too abstract for practical implementation.

Alternatively, think of the problem in terms of the measure. Since the integral of h(x) is 1, the average value is 0.5. The cross-correlation integral is the average value of h(x) h(x +k) over x, minus the square of the average if h is a constant function (but here it's not). So the cross-correlation is the measure of overlap between h and its shift by k.

So the problem is to arrange h so that for any k, this overlap is as small as possible. To do this, h should be designed to spread out over the interval, avoiding overlaps when shifted.

Perhaps a good approach is to divide the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 1, such that any shift by k will not cause the regions to overlap too much. For example, if the support of h is a set of intervals spaced apart by a certain distance, then for shifts smaller than that distance, the overlap might be minimal.

But how to translate this into a function h that can be optimized numerically?

Another idea: use symmetry. For instance, if h is symmetric around 1.0, then shifting by 1.0 would have a certain effect. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, consider that the integral over k of the cross-correlation is related to the energy of h. But I'm not sure if that helps.

Let me think about the current code's approach. It starts with initial_h_values (which is a given 45-point array), and then performs a series of perturbations and optimizations. The problem is that this might get stuck in a local minimum. To escape local minima, the code uses a genetic-inspired approach with perturbations, which is a form of simulated annealing.

But maybe the code could be improved by using more effective optimization steps. For example, using a different optimization method that can handle the constraints better, or using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess. For example, instead of starting with the initial_h_values, we could generate a new initial guess based on a different pattern. For example, a binary function with a set of intervals, or a more optimized pattern.

But since the initial_h_values are provided, perhaps the code should start there, but also consider other patterns. However, the user said that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So that's the starting point.

Another idea: the problem's constraints are that the integral of h is 1. This can be considered as a constraint in the optimization. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation. However, with the current approach, the code uses an iterative method that perturbs the current best solution and then performs a local optimization.

Maybe trying different optimization methods, like using a global optimizer like genetic algorithms or particle swarm optimization. But with the time budget of 100 seconds, these methods may not be efficient enough. However, given that the code's previous approach didn't reach the desired bound, perhaps a different strategy is needed.

Alternatively, maybe we can formulate the problem as a convex optimization problem. However, the max is non-convex, so that's not straightforward. But perhaps using some convex relaxation or approximations.

Wait, perhaps instead of maximizing the cross-correlation over k, we could consider a few key shifts where the maximum is likely to occur. For example, the maximum might occur at shifts that align with the structure of the function h. If we can find these shifts and add them as constraints, maybe we can find a better local optimum.

But this is speculative. Another approach is to use a Bayesian optimization method, which uses a probabilistic model of the objective function and searches for the minimum efficiently. However, implementing this would require more code and might be too slow within the time budget.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimization method. For example, using the SLSQP solver with better settings. The current code uses COBYLA and then L-BFGS-B. Maybe switching the order or using different methods.

Another angle: the previous code had a problem where the noise scale decreases over time. Perhaps adjusting the noise scale differently or using different perturbation strategies could help escape local minima.

Another idea: sample more points for the initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values are 45 points. Maybe generating a different initial guess with more samples (but within the time budget) would help. But since the code is limited to small n_points, this might not be feasible.

Wait, the user said that smaller sequences with less than 1,000 samples are preferred. The initial code uses n=45, which is small. So maybe there's a way to optimize even with fewer points. But how?

Alternatively, maybe trying a different n_points. For example, trying n_points = 30 or 40, which allows more efficient optimization. However, the initial_h_values are given for n=45, but perhaps there are no constraints on the number of points. The user said to generate a starting vector algorithmically if initial_h_values is not available.

Wait, the problem says: "If no parent construction was announced, create a starting vector under a different name." So if initial_h_values is not available, we have to generate our own starting guess. However, in the current scenario, initial_h_values is available, so we should use it as the starting point. However, perhaps there's a better starting point for the optimization.

But how to find a better starting point? For example, using a different pattern. Maybe the initial_h_values are a good starting point, but there's a way to improve them further.

Another thought: the overlap integral depends on the entire shape of h. If we can find a function h that has certain properties, like being smooth or having minimal variation, perhaps that would help. For example, a function that is 1 over a certain region and 0 elsewhere, but this would have a higher overlap for certain shifts.

Wait, but for example, if h is 1 on an interval of length 1 and 0 elsewhere, then the integral over shifts k would be the overlap between the interval and its shifted version. For k=0, the overlap is 1. But this is bad for the overlap integral. So this is not good. Hence, such a function would not be optimal.

Alternatively, if h is a triangular function or some symmetric shape, maybe the overlaps are more evenly distributed.

But I'm not sure. Perhaps trying to create a more balanced function, with more intervals rather than a single interval.

Alternatively, designing h with multiple intervals arranged to minimize overlaps. For example, if the function h is 1 over several small intervals that are spaced apart enough that their shifts don't overlap.

But again, how to translate this into an optimization problem?

The main idea is that the current approach may not be sufficient, and trying a different optimization strategy or initial guess could lead to better results.

So, to improve the code:

1. Consider using a different optimization method, like SLSQP, which handles constraints more effectively.
2. Use a more effective exploration strategy, such as simulated annealing or Bayesian optimization.
3. Improve the initial guess by generating a better starting point.
4. Use a different way to handle the max function in the objective.

However, given the time constraints, the previous code's approach may be the most feasible. Let me think about how to tweak the code.

The previous code uses COBYLA with perturbations, then L-BFGS-B. Maybe trying a different combination of methods. For example, starting with a global optimization method like differential evolution, which is good for finding global minima but may be slow. But with a small number of points (like 45), maybe it's feasible.

Alternatively, use a combination of methods: first use a global optimizer to find a good starting point, then use a local optimizer to refine it.

But given that the code is limited to 100 seconds, switching to differential evolution might be too slow. However, if the initial guess is already good, perhaps a local optimization would suffice.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (300). Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the perturbation parameters could help.

Alternatively, use a more aggressive perturbation strategy early on, then more conservative perturbations later.

Alternatively, use a multi-start approach, where multiple different perturbations are tried, and the best one is selected.

Another thing to consider: the constraint of the integral being 1 is a single equality constraint. Maybe using a more efficient solver that handles this constraint, like the SLSQP method, which is designed for equality and inequality constraints.

The current code uses COBYLA, which is a derivative-free method, which may not converge to the true minimum as effectively as SLSQP. So switching to SLSQP might yield better results.

So, modifying the code to use SLSQP instead of COBYLA for the initial perturbations, and then using L-BFGS-B for refinement.

Another possibility is to use a different initial guess. For example, instead of perturbing the initial guess, generate a new initial guess with a different pattern. However, since initial_h_values are provided, we should use them as the starting point.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code starts with the initial guess, then perturbs it and runs COBYLA. This is a form of a local search with restarts. To make it better, perhaps using SLSQP for the perturbations.

But in the current code, the COBYLA method is used with a constraint. Perhaps using SLSQP could handle the constraints better.

Alternatively, using a different method for the initial exploration.

Another idea: precompute the cross-correlation for the current h, and then use that to guide the optimization. For example, the current code uses the max of the cross-correlation as the objective. But maybe the objective can be adjusted to prioritize certain shifts, or perhaps use a penalty function.

Another thing to note: the previous code uses 'full' mode for the cross-correlation. However, this might be causing the maximum to be evaluated over a range of shifts. Perhaps using a different mode or restricting the shifts considered could help, but the code as written uses the full mode.

In summary, the possible improvements could be:

- Using a different optimization method (e.g., SLSQP) instead of COBYLA.
- Using a more efficient exploration strategy, such as larger perturbations initially.
- Adjusting the perturbation noise scale over time.
- Adding a different initial guess if possible.
- Refining the optimization steps with better parameters.

Now, implementing these ideas in code. Here's how I might modify the previous code:

1. Replace COBYLA with SLSQP for the initial perturbations. SLSQP is better for handling constraints and might converge faster.
2. Adjust the perturbation noise scale to start large and decrease over time.
3. Increase the number of perturbations or iterations if time permits.
4. Use a more effective local optimization method for the final refinement.

Let me outline the steps:

- For the initial perturbations, use SLSQP with the constraint_sum.
- Decrease the noise scale over time.
- Perform more iterations if the time allows.
- In the refinement step, use a different method, like L-BFGS-B.

Additionally, I should ensure that the code respects the time budget. Since the previous code used 300 iterations, maybe increasing that number could help, but needs to be balanced with time.

Now, let's try to code this. Modify the previous code to use SLSQP for the initial exploration.

The code currently has:

result = optimize.minimize(
    fun=objective,
    x0=perturbed_guess,
    method='COBYLA',
    bounds=bounds,
    constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
    options={'maxiter': 100, 'disp': False}
)

Change method to 'SLSQP' or 'Nelder-Mead' but SLSQP is better for constrained problems.

Wait, 'SLSQP' requires the Jacobian, but if it's not provided, it may be slower. However, the function 'constraint_sum' is a simple sum, and the objective function is smooth. So perhaps it's feasible.

Alternatively, for the perturbations, use 'SLSQP' with the constraints.

Another thing to consider is that the 'SLSQP' method might require more computation time, but perhaps with the adjustments, it could lead to better results.

In code, changing the method to 'SLSQP' for the perturbation steps.

Additionally, the 'L-BFGS-B' method is used for the final refinement.

Now, testing this idea: perhaps using SLSQP for the initial exploration could lead to better results.

Another adjustment: instead of using a fixed number of iterations, monitor the time and break when the budget is reached.

Also, adjust the noise scale over time. For example, initially use larger noise scales, then reduce them as iterations progress.

Another possible improvement: use a more effective way to sample the perturbations. For example, instead of uniform noise, use a normal distribution with a certain standard deviation.

In code, the noise is currently generated as np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, size=n_points). Maybe using a normal distribution with a standard deviation of noise_scale would be better. Or using a combination.

But for the purpose of this task, let's proceed with the code modifications.

Another idea: during the initial exploration, use more than 300 iterations, but adjust the budget accordingly. However, the code has to return before the 100 seconds.

Another thing: the previous code uses 'COBYLA' with maxiter=100. If we use 'SLSQP' with a higher maxiter, it might converge better.

But time is limited, so the code needs to be efficient.

So here's the plan for the modified code:

- Use SLSQP instead of COBYLA for the initial optimization steps.
- Adjust the noise scale to start large and decrease over time.
- Perform more iterations if possible.
- Use SLSQP for the initial exploration and then refine with L-BFGS-B.

Now, let's write the code with these changes.

The key changes are in the loop for perturbations, where the method is changed to 'SLSQP', and the noise scale is adjusted.

Additionally, ensure that the code respects the time budget by checking the elapsed time and breaking early.

Another thing to consider is that the 'SLSQP' method might require more iterations to converge, but with the perturbations, it can find better solutions.

Also, since the previous code had a success check after each optimization, we can keep that.

Another point: the perturbation step in the previous code uses the best_h and adds noise to it. This is a form of local search. By using SLSQP for the optimization, it can explore the space more effectively.

In code, the loop for perturbations becomes:

for i in range(300):
    if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
        break
    # Adaptive perturbation
    noise_scale = max(0.01, 0.1 * (1 - i / 300))
    perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
    perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=perturbed_guess,
        method='SLSQP',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 100, 'disp': False}
    )

But wait, in the previous code, the noise was uniform. Here, I'm using normal distribution. Whether this is better depends on the problem, but it could help.

Another adjustment: use the 'Nelder-Mead' method for the initial steps, but it's derivative-free. However, SLSQP might be better for constrained optimization.

In any case, the code needs to be modified to use a different method for the initial optimization.

Also, the final refinement could use a different method, like 'SLSQP' or 'L-BFGS-B'.

Another idea: during the perturbation steps, instead of adding noise, we could try random mutations or other strategies. For example, flipping certain elements of the array.

But again, within time constraints, the code needs to be efficient.

Now, implementing the code changes.

The previous code had a problem with the constraint_sum being a function. The 'SLSQP' method requires the Jacobian of the constraints, but if not provided, it might default to other methods. However, since the constraint is a simple sum, it's feasible.

Testing the code with these changes could potentially lead to better results.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient initial guess. For example, if the initial_h_values are not optimal, we might generate a better one. But since the user provides initial_h_values, we must use them.

Putting it all together, the modified code would switch from COBYLA to SLSQP for the initial steps, and adjust the perturbation method.

Also, the final refinement step could use SLSQP for better convergence.

But I need to ensure that the code returns within the time budget.

Finally, the code should return the best_h, best_c5, and n_points.

So, with these changes, the code may find a better solution, leading to a lower C₅ value.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    # Initial refinement with SLSQP
    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=initial_guess,
        method='SLSQP',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 100, 'disp': False}
    )
    if result.success:
        best_c5 = objective(result.x)
        best_h = result.x

    # Adaptive perturbation and optimization
    for i in range(200):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        noise_scale = max(0.01, 0.1 * (1 - i / 200))
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 20, 'disp': False}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    # Final refinement with LBFGS-B
    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=best_h,
        method='L-BFGS-B',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 50, 'disp': False}
    )
    if result.success:
        best_c5 = objective(result.x)
        best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```