<think>
Okay, let me try to figure out how to approach this problem. The goal is to find a better upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a genetic-inspired approach with COBYLA and L-BFGS-B optimization methods. But maybe there's a way to improve that.

First, I need to understand what the problem is asking. We need a step function h over [0,2] that has an integral of 1, and we want to minimize the maximum overlap integral when shifted by different k's. The overlap integral is calculated as the correlation between h and 1 - h, multiplied by dx. Lower C₅ is better.

The previous code starts with an initial guess (initial_h_values) and uses perturbations with COBYLA to explore, then refines with L-BFGS-B. But maybe that's not the most efficient way. Let me think about alternative approaches.

Hmm, maybe using a different optimization method could help. For example, using a simulated annealing approach or a Bayesian optimization. But given time constraints, perhaps a more structured approach could be better. Also, the initial code's performance is around 0.3811, and the target is 0.380876. We need to find something better.

Another idea: since the problem involves maximizing the integral over shifts, perhaps the optimal function has some symmetry or periodicity. For example, a function that's piecewise constant with certain intervals. Maybe we can model h as being made up of intervals where it's 0 or 1, and then optimize the placement and lengths of these intervals.

But how to model that? Maybe using a discrete approach where we divide the interval [0,2] into segments. For example, creating a histogram-like structure where certain regions have h(x) as 0 or 1, and others are 0.5 or some other value. But since the function is a step function, maybe we can model it with a certain number of intervals where it's 0 or 1, and the rest as something else. But how to handle the integral constraint?

Alternatively, since the current code uses a COBYLA method with perturbations, maybe we can try a different optimization strategy. Maybe using a gradient-based method with a more efficient way of evaluating the objective function. However, the problem is that the objective function is non-convex, so we might get stuck in local minima.

Wait, the previous code uses the initial_h_values, which is a starting point. If the initial guess is already decent, maybe we can try to refine it more effectively. Perhaps modifying the optimization steps—like using a different initial step size, more iterations, or different optimization methods.

Another thought: the correlation is computed using numpy.correlate with mode 'full'. The maximum of that correlation corresponds to the maximum overlap. So, for each shift k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx is being evaluated. To minimize the maximum of these values.

Maybe there's a way to transform the problem into a more tractable form. For example, considering that the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx can be rewritten in terms of the integral over x of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) is 1, then the overlap integral becomes 1 - integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum of these integrals is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of integral h(x)h(x +k) dx. But I'm not sure if that's helpful here.

Alternatively, perhaps we can model this as an optimization problem with constraints. The variables are the values of h at each sample point, which must sum to n_points / 2. The objective is to minimize the maximum correlation value.

But how to approach this optimization? The previous code uses COBYLA, which is a derivative-free method. Maybe trying different methods like SLSQP, which can handle constraints with gradients, might be better. Or using a more global optimization method.

Wait, the previous code uses a perturbation approach with COBYLA, then a refinement with L-BFGS-B. Maybe combining different optimization steps, such as using a global search method first to find a good starting point, then using a local method to refine it. However, given time constraints, perhaps the main issue is the initial starting point and the optimization strategy.

Another possible improvement is to adjust the initial guess. The initial_h_values provided could be a good starting point, but maybe there's a better one. For example, creating a more symmetric pattern or using a different distribution of h values that could lead to lower C₅.

Additionally, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (300) for the perturbation steps. Maybe increasing that number, but that could take more time. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so we have to manage time efficiently.

Another idea: instead of using a perturbation-based approach, maybe use a local search with different starting points. For example, generating multiple initial guesses and running the optimization from each, then selecting the best one. But this would require more computational resources.

Alternatively, perhaps using a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the space more efficiently. However, implementing that might be complex and time-consuming.

Wait, perhaps using a multi-objective optimization approach where we try to balance the values of the integrals for different k's. But that's not straightforward.

Another angle: the overlap integral for different shifts k. Since the function is over [0,2], shifting by k can wrap around the interval. For example, when k is larger than 2, the overlap might be less. But in the problem, since h is defined over [0,2], when we shift by k, the integral is over the overlapping region. However, the code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which would give the correlation at all possible shifts, including those that might wrap around. Wait, no, numpy.correlate with mode 'full' computes the cross-correlation for all possible shifts, but since the functions are of length n_points, the full mode would result in a correlation of length 2n_points - 1. But for our case, the integral is over x in [0,2], and the shift k would be such that x +k is within [0,2] only for certain k. However, the code seems to be using the full correlation, which might not be exactly correct. Wait, perhaps the code is incorrectly computing the overlap integral? Because numpy.correlate might not account for the domain [0,2]. Hmm, maybe that's a problem. For example, when the shift k is such that x + k is outside [0,2], the integral over x would not include those regions. However, the code as written uses the full correlation, which might not correctly model the integrals over the domain. But this is a possible error in the original code. However, assuming that the code is correct, perhaps that's the way it's set up.

But this might not be the main issue here. Let's get back to the optimization strategies.

In the previous code, the perturbation is adding noise to the current best solution, then using COBYLA to minimize. But maybe instead of COBYLA, a different optimization method could be more effective. For example, using SLSQP, which allows for gradient-based optimization and can handle constraints more efficiently. Also, maybe using a better initial guess.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with a more effective way of computing the gradient. However, the objective function is the maximum of the correlations. The gradient of this function would be complicated, as the maximum can be achieved at different points depending on the parameters. This might make gradient-based methods challenging.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum value, perhaps the optimal h function has certain properties, such as being periodic or having a specific symmetry. For example, if h is designed to have equal overlap with all shifts, or to distribute its peaks in a way that minimizes the maximum overlap. This is similar to a covering problem or a scheduling problem where we want to avoid overlaps.

But how to translate this into an algorithmic approach? Maybe by using a greedy method to place intervals where h is 1 and 0, ensuring that the overlap is minimized. However, this is a heuristic and might not yield the optimal result.

Alternatively, think in terms of the integral constraint. The function h has to integrate to 1. So, the average value of h is 0.5. So, the function is like a density function that's 0.5 on average. The goal is to arrange this density so that when shifted, the overlap with the complement is minimized.

Another approach: considering the problem as a discrete version of the continuous case. Maybe using a mathematical formulation. For example, if h is a step function with certain segments, then the overlap integrals can be computed as the sum over overlapping regions. However, this seems complicated for optimization.

Alternatively, think about using a binary representation for h, where h(x) is 0 or 1. But this would make the integral sum to 1, so the number of 1s would be n_points / 2 (since the integral is 1 and dx is 2/n_points). However, the original problem allows h(x) to be any value between 0 and 1, not just binary. Maybe allowing some flexibility in the values can lead to better overlap.

But perhaps the optimal solution is binary, or has a certain structure. For example, if h is a binary function with certain intervals set to 1 and others to 0, then maybe the overlap integrals can be minimized. But how to find such intervals?

This seems like a difficult combinatorial optimization problem. Maybe a better approach is to use a more sophisticated optimization method, such as genetic algorithms, but tailored to the problem's constraints.

Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach, which is a metaheuristic that can explore the solution space effectively. However, implementing PSO might take time and may not be more efficient than the current approach.

Wait, the previous code uses COBYLA, which is a constrained optimization method. Maybe using a different constrained optimization method, like SLSQP, which uses gradients and can converge faster. However, computing gradients is not straightforward. Alternatively, using a numerical approximation of the gradient.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different optimization methods. For example, starting from the initial guess, then perturbing it and using different optimizers.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the current best solution, maybe generate multiple initial guesses and run optimizations from each. However, this would take more time and might not be efficient within the 100-second budget.

Alternatively, adjust the hyperparameters of the existing method. For example, increasing the number of iterations in COBYLA, or adjusting the noise scale for perturbation. The previous code uses a noise scale that decreases over time, which might help in fine-tuning. But maybe there's a better way to adjust the perturbation step.

Wait, the code uses COBYLA with a maxiter of 100 for each perturbation step, and then a final refinement with L-BFGS-B. Maybe increasing the maxiter or adjusting the tolerance could help. However, time is limited, so there's a trade-off.

Another possible improvement: considering that the maximum of the correlation values is what we need to minimize, maybe using a more sophisticated objective function. For example, instead of just minimizing the maximum, we could try to balance the correlation values across different shifts, which might lead to a better overall minimum.

But how to implement that? Maybe using a penalty approach, where the objective function is the sum of the correlations raised to some power, or using a multi-objective optimization. However, this might complicate things and require more computational resources.

Alternatively, using a different evaluation metric. For example, the previous code uses the maximum of the correlation values. But maybe the average of the correlation values could be more manageable, though it's not clear if this would lead to a better result.

Alternatively, since the maximum is what we're trying to minimize, perhaps focusing the optimization efforts on the shifts that contribute the most to the maximum. For example, identifying the k's that give the highest overlap integrals and optimizing to reduce those specific values.

But how to do that? Maybe using sensitivity analysis or gradient-based methods that focus on the most problematic shifts.

Another thought: the problem's constraints are that the integral of h is 1. The previous code uses this as a equality constraint. Maybe there are other constraints or properties that can be exploited. For example, the function h is a probability density function over the interval [0,2], normalized to integrate to 1. So, perhaps using some properties of probability distributions to inform the design of h.

But I'm not sure how that would translate into an algorithm.

Maybe the key is to improve the initial guess. The current initial_h_values is from a previous solution. If we can generate a better initial guess, perhaps the optimization can find a better minimum. For example, using a different construction for the initial h_values that is more evenly distributed or has certain symmetry.

Alternatively, the current initial_h_values has 45 samples. Maybe using a different number of samples, like 60 or 90, could lead to better results. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, and the previous code uses n_points=45. So, keeping the number of samples lower is better for speed.

But maybe trying a different number of samples could be beneficial. However, without knowing the optimal n_points, it's hard to say. Let's say that trying 60 samples could allow for more precise positioning of the h values, potentially leading to a lower C₅.

But the problem says that the code should be able to run within 100 seconds. Adjusting the n_points might affect the computation time. For example, with more samples, the optimization steps take longer, but maybe the final result is better.

Alternatively, the current code uses the initial_h_values, which could have a certain structure. If that structure is suboptimal, perhaps modifying it could lead to better results.

Another idea: since the function is periodic or has symmetries, maybe designing h to be symmetric around x=1. For example, h(x) = h(2 -x). This would make the integral constraint easier to satisfy and might lead to a lower C₅. But how to enforce this symmetry in the optimization?

In that case, the optimization variables could be reduced by considering only half of the interval, and mirroring the values. However, the code as written is for an arbitrary function, so introducing symmetry would change the problem.

But maybe trying a symmetric initial guess could lead to better results. For example, if the function is symmetric around the center of [0,2], then the overlap integrals for shifts might be more balanced.

Alternatively, creating a function with overlapping sections minimized by spreading out the 1's and 0's in a non-overlapping way. But again, this is more of a heuristic.

Another approach is to use a mathematical model or known results. The Erdős constant C₅ is related to covering the interval with functions that minimize maximum overlap. There might be known constructions or mathematical techniques that could be applied here.

However, without prior knowledge of specific constructions, it's hard to proceed. The previous code seems to be using an empirical approach, so perhaps refining the optimization process would be more effective.

Given that, let me think about modifying the previous code. The previous code uses a genetic-inspired approach with COBYLA, then a final refinement with L-BFGS-B. Maybe adjusting the parameters of these methods could lead to better results. For example, increasing the number of iterations in the initial steps, or using different optimization methods.

Alternatively, using a combination of different optimization methods. For instance, using a global optimization method like differential evolution for initial exploration, then refining with a local method like L-BFGS-B. Differential evolution could help escape local minima, and then the local method could find a better minimum.

But implementing differential evolution with the given constraints would require careful handling of the bounds and the equality constraint. Let me think about that.

The differential evolution algorithm is a population-based method that iteratively improves candidate solutions. It could be used to explore the solution space more thoroughly. Then, after getting a good candidate, use a local optimization method to refine it.

But since the user is limited to 100 seconds, and with only one CPU, it's important to balance between exploration and exploitation. However, implementing differential evolution might be more computationally intensive than the previous approach, but perhaps it could lead to a better result.

Another thing to consider is that the current code might not be exploring the solution space sufficiently. The initial guess is based on a certain pattern, but perhaps there's a better pattern that the code isn't finding.

Let me try to outline a possible modified approach:

1. Use a population-based optimization method like differential evolution to find a good initial solution.
2. Once a promising solution is found, use a gradient-based method like L-BFGS-B to refine it.
3. Incorporate the initial_h_values into the population as part of the initial guess.

But how to implement this efficiently?

Alternatively, using a stochastic gradient descent approach with random perturbations, but again, this might not be as effective as other methods.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several objectives (each being an overlap integral for a different k), maybe the optimal h minimizes each of these overlaps. However, the overlaps are interdependent, so it's challenging to optimize all of them simultaneously.

But perhaps using a multi-objective optimization framework, where the goal is to minimize the maximum of the overlaps. This could be approached using Pareto optimization, but again, implementing that might be complex.

Another possible optimization step is to use a different initial guess. The current initial_h_values might be suboptimal. For example, if we can create a symmetric or periodic pattern of h values that ensures lower overlaps, that could be better.

Wait, but the user has access to the initial_h_values variable, which is the starting point provided. The code must use that directly, not copy its values. So, the initial guess is fixed. Therefore, any improvement must come from improving the optimization steps, not changing the initial guess.

So, the main idea is to improve the optimization algorithm used in the previous code to find a better solution.

Another thought: the previous code uses COBYLA for the perturbation steps. COBYLA is a derivative-free method, but it can be slow. Perhaps using a method like SLSQP with a gradient approximation could be faster and more effective.

But how to compute the gradient? The objective function is the maximum of the correlation values, which is non-differentiable at certain points. This could complicate things, but perhaps using a numerical approximation of the gradient could work.

Alternatively, using a quasi-Newton method like L-BFGS-B for the entire optimization process, with some perturbations to escape local minima. But the previous code uses COBYLA for exploration and then L-BFGS-B for refinement. Maybe using a different approach where the initial steps use a more global method, and then refine with a local one.

Given the time constraints, perhaps modifying the previous code to use a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using SLSQP with a better gradient approximation.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with crossover and mutation to explore the solution space more effectively. However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch might be time-consuming.

Another approach is to use a combination of different optimization strategies. For example, alternating between genetic-inspired steps and gradient-based refinement.

But given the complexity, perhaps focusing on the previous approach and tweaking the hyperparameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations in the perturbation steps, or adjusting the noise scale. Also, using a different optimization method for the refinement steps.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way of evaluating the objective function. For example, precomputing the shifts and storing them, but that might not be necessary.

In the previous code, the objective function is defined as the maximum of the correlation. However, since the correlation is computed using numpy.correlate, which is optimized in C, this is efficient. The main cost is in the optimization steps. So, the code's time is mostly spent in the optimization.

Perhaps, to improve the previous code, we can use a more efficient optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using a method like Powell or Nelder-Mead, which are derivative-free and might converge faster in some cases.

Alternatively, using a trust-region method. However, without knowing which method is best suited, it's hard to say.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the current best solution, we could generate a set of random initial guesses and run the optimization from each, then select the best solution. This is called a multi-start approach. However, this could take more time, but with a fixed budget of 100 seconds, it's possible to iterate over a few initial guesses.

But the previous code uses the initial_h_values and perturbs it. If that is a good starting point, then it's better to focus optimization around it. However, if it's a local minimum, then perturbing it with different noise scales could help escape it.

Another possible adjustment: instead of using a single perturbation scale that decreases over time, use a varying scale that explores larger regions early on and smaller regions later. For example, a scale that starts larger and decreases exponentially.

In the previous code, the noise scale is max(0.01, 0.1 * (1 - i / 300)). This decreases the noise scale as the iterations proceed. Maybe increasing the scale initially allows for more exploration, and then narrowing down.

Alternatively, using a noise scale that alternates between larger and smaller values to balance exploration and exploitation.

Another thing to consider is the constraints. The current code uses an equality constraint for the sum of h. The COBYLA method handles this with a constraint. Maybe using a different constraint handling, such as using a penalty method, could improve the optimization.

But again, without knowing the exact nature of the problem, it's challenging to say.

In summary, the main improvements to the previous code could be:

1. Using a more effective optimization method for the initial steps, such as SLSQP or differential evolution.
2. Adjusting the perturbation parameters to better balance exploration and refinement.
3. Increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the number of samples to allow for more accurate solutions.
4. Using a different initial guess if possible (though the user says to use the initial_h_values directly).
5. Implementing a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function or handle the constraints.

Given these considerations, perhaps the previous code can be modified by changing the optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using differential evolution with the initial guess as part of the population.

But how to implement this in the given framework? Let's think about possible code changes.

For example, in the previous code, the initial steps use COBYLA with perturbations. Perhaps replacing COBYLA with differential evolution for the exploration steps.

But the code is constrained by time and resources. Differential evolution might be computationally more intensive, so perhaps a hybrid approach.

Alternatively, using a local search with multiple starting points.

However, given the time, let me think of modifying the previous code to use a different optimization method for the initial steps. For instance, using a global optimization method like differential evolution, then refining with a local method.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which is more efficient in high-dimensional spaces.

But without implementing these methods, perhaps it's better to stick with the previous approach and tweak parameters.

In the previous code, the final refinement uses L-BFGS-B. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for this step or using a better initial guess.

Another observation: the noise_scale decreases as iterations proceed, which might lead to premature convergence. Perhaps increasing the noise_scale dynamically to allow for more exploration later.

Alternatively, using a different noise scale, such as keeping it constant or increasing it over time.

So, to implement these changes, perhaps in the code:

- Change the noise_scale to decrease more slowly.
- Use a different optimization method like SLSQP for the initial steps.
- Or use a more aggressive perturbation.

But without knowing the exact impact, it's hard to say. However, given the time constraints, modifying the noise_scale and the optimization method might be the way to go.

Another possible adjustment: instead of using COBYLA, use a different method that can handle the constraints more effectively. For example, using SLSQP with numerical gradients.

But how to compute the gradients for the objective function?

Let me think: the objective function is the maximum of the correlation. The maximum is achieved at some k, which is a function of the h values. The derivative of the objective function with respect to h would be the derivative at that k. However, this is complex to compute analytically, so numerical derivatives might be needed.

In practice, using a method like SLSQP with numerical gradients could be feasible. But this would require the user to compute the gradient, which is not trivial here.

Alternatively, use a numerical differentiation approach with the existing objective function.

In the previous code, the code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with COBYLA, which doesn't require gradients. For the refinement step, it uses L-BFGS-B, which requires gradients. However, the current code doesn't provide gradients for the objective function. This could lead to suboptimal convergence.

So, perhaps the key is to compute the gradient numerically for the objective function, allowing the use of gradient-based methods.

But how to compute the gradient?

The objective function is the maximum of the correlation values. Let's denote the correlation array as corr, and the maximum value is max_corr. To compute the gradient of the objective function with respect to the h values, we need to know which k gives the max_corr.

For each h value, the contribution to the max_corr depends on the specific k that achieves the maximum. This makes the derivative complicated, as it depends on the current h values and the specific k.

However, in practice, during optimization, when we compute the gradient numerically, we can approximate it by perturbing each h[i] and computing the change in the objective function.

This would be computationally intensive, but for the purpose of using gradient-based methods, it's necessary.

So, modifying the code to compute the gradient numerically and use a gradient-based method like SLSQP might improve the optimization.

But this is beyond the scope of the previous code. However, given time constraints, perhaps it's better to proceed with modifying the existing code to use a different optimizer for the initial steps and tweak the parameters.

In conclusion, to improve upon the current approach, the following changes could be made:

- Use a different optimizer for the initial exploration, such as differential evolution or a genetic algorithm.
- Adjust the perturbation parameters to encourage more exploration.
- Use gradient-based methods with numerical derivatives for the refinement steps.
- Increase the number of iterations or refine the optimization steps.

However, given the time and complexity, the most feasible change is to modify the optimization strategy, perhaps using SLSQP with numerical derivatives for the initial steps and fine-tuning parameters.

Now, translating this into code. The previous code uses COBYLA for the initial steps. Let's try to replace that with a different method, such as differential evolution, which is a global optimization method that can explore the solution space more effectively.

But how to incorporate the constraints into differential evolution? The differential evolution method can handle bounds but not equality constraints directly. To handle the equality constraint (sum(h) = target_sum), we can use a penalty method, where the objective function includes a penalty term for the constraint violation.

But this might increase the computation time. Alternatively, during the optimization, we can project the solution to satisfy the constraint. However, this requires additional steps.

Another approach is to keep the sum constraint as part of the optimization. For example, using the differential evolution method with the objective function that includes the sum constraint via a penalty term.

So, modifying the objective function to penalize deviations from the sum constraint. This way, the optimizer will try to maintain the sum constraint while minimizing the maximum correlation.

This is a possible approach. Let's outline this:

The new objective function would be the maximum correlation value plus a penalty term for the deviation from the sum target. This way, the optimizer tries to minimize the maximum correlation while also keeping the sum close to the target.

But in the previous code, the sum constraint is enforced explicitly via a constraint parameter. Using a penalty method might be less effective, but it could be faster.

Including the penalty in the objective function could help the optimizer avoid constraint violations. However, the code would need to adjust the penalty coefficient to balance between the two objectives.

This is a trade-off, but it might be manageable.

In any case, with the time constraints, I think the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method for the initial steps, possibly differential evolution, and refine with a local method.

But since implementing differential evolution would require careful handling of constraints, maybe a multi-start approach with the current methods is better.

In light of this, I'll proceed to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method for the initial steps, perhaps using differential evolution for exploration and then refining with L-BFGS-B.

However, due to time and complexity, I'll also focus on improving the perturbation approach and the refinement steps.

Another idea: instead of using COBYLA, which is a trust-region method, use a more efficient method for the initial steps. For example, the 'SLSQP' method with numerical gradients.

But again, without gradients, it's not straightforward. However, we can use a numerical gradient approximation.

Alternatively, use the 'BFGS' method with constraints. But this requires the gradient.

Given that, perhaps the best path is to use the previous code but adjust the parameters and add more refinement.

In the previous code, the initial steps use 300 iterations with perturbations. Increasing this number or adjusting the noise scale could potentially lead to better results.

Another possible change is to use a larger noise scale during the initial steps to encourage more exploration. For example, starting with a larger noise scale and decreasing it over time.

So, adjusting the noise_scale in the previous code:

Instead of noise_scale = max(0.01, 0.1 * (1 - i / 300)), maybe use a different schedule. For example, noise_scale = max(0.05, 0.1 * (1 - i / 300)) to keep the noise larger initially.

Alternatively, using a noise scale that decreases exponentially.

In the code, changing the noise_scale calculation could help in exploring more earlier.

Also, increasing the number of iterations for the initial steps might help.

Another possible improvement is to use a more accurate initial guess, such as using the initial_h_values and applying some transformations to it, like adding a small perturbation in the initial steps.

In conclusion, the revised code would:

- Use the initial guess from initial_h_values.
- Use a different strategy for perturbing, possibly with a different noise schedule.
- Use a more efficient optimization method for the initial steps.
- Refine with a local optimizer, possibly with adjusted parameters.

Given the time, I'll proceed to implement these modifications in code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    # Initial refinement with L-BFGS-B
    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=best_h,
        method='L-BFGS-B',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 100, 'disp': False}
    )

    if result.success:
        best_c5 = objective(result.x)
        best_h = result.x

    # Use result.x as a better initial guess
    initial_guess = best_h

    # Augment search with population-based exploration
    population = [initial_guess + np.random.uniform(-0.05, 0.05, n_points) for _ in range(5)]
    population = [np.clip(p, 0, 1) for p in population]

    for p in population:
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=p,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'disp': False}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    # Final refinement with multiple local steps
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        noise = np.random.uniform(-0.02, 0.02, n_points)
        perturbed = np.clip(best_h + noise, 0, 1)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'disp': False}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```