<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral. The previous code used a genetic-inspired approach with COBYLA and L-BFGS-B. But maybe there's room for improvement.

First, I need to understand the problem better. The overlap integral is calculated as the max over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. The constraint is that the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1. So the function h is a step function with n_points samples, and we need to minimize the maximum overlap across all shifts.

The previous approach used a starting point, then perturbations and optimization. But perhaps a different strategy could work better. Maybe using a more effective optimization method or a different way to generate initial points.

I recall that in similar problems, using a combination of different optimization techniques or leveraging symmetry might help. Also, considering the problem's structure, maybe a more structured approach could lead to better results.

The current best is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and our target is 0.380876. So we need to find a construction that brings the bound down. What's the current approach's limitation? The previous code uses a global optimization with COBYLA and then L-BFGS. But COBYLA might get stuck in local minima. Maybe switching to a different optimization method or using more efficient search strategies.

Alternatively, what if we use a particle swarm optimization (PSO) or a Bayesian optimization approach? However, those might be more complex to implement. Given the time budget, maybe a better approach is to refine the existing method.

Another idea: the overlap integral is maximized over k. So perhaps the function h should be designed to have minimal overlap with its shifted versions. This resembles a 1D version of a "noisy" signal that doesn't repeat itself. Maybe constructing a function with periodicity or certain symmetry could help.

Wait, the interval is [0,2]. So shifting by k in [0,2] would cover all possible overlaps. For example, if h is periodic with period 1, then shifting by 1 would give the same function. However, the constraint is that the integral is 1. So maybe distributing the mass in a way that avoids overlaps when shifted.

Another approach is to model the problem as a constrained optimization. The key is to find h that minimizes the maximum overlap. This is a minimax problem. The previous code uses a local optimization approach, which might not be sufficient. Maybe using a global optimization method could help escape local minima.

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm with more sophisticated mutation and crossover strategies. The previous code used random perturbations, but maybe a differential evolution approach could be more effective. However, the code example uses COBYLA, which is a local method.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be approximated using a grid search with some heuristic to explore the parameter space more effectively. However, given the time constraint, this might not be feasible.

Another thought: the current approach starts with initial_h_values. If we can generate a better initial guess, that might lead to better results. The initial_h_values are provided, but maybe generating a different initial guess from scratch (for example, using a more structured pattern) could help.

What's the structure of the initial_h_values? The previous code uses 45 samples. Perhaps the initial pattern is not optimal, and generating a different starting point could lead to better convergence.

Also, the way of evaluating the overlap is via numpy.correlate. But the max over k is taken. For the code, that's the correct approach, but maybe there's a way to compute this more efficiently or with more accuracy.

Another idea: since the function is periodic in a way (over [0,2]), maybe the optimal function has a certain symmetry. For example, dividing the interval into segments where h(x) is 1 or 0 in a way that minimizes overlap. However, this is vague.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal function h(x) is a step function that has intervals of 1 and 0 arranged in a specific pattern. For instance, placing the 1s in such a way that shifting them by any k doesn't create a large overlap. But how to determine such a pattern?

Let me think about how the overlap integral works. The integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1, so the function is normalized. For each shift k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) is the same as the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. So, we want to minimize the maximum such area over all shifts k.

This is similar to a covering problem. The function h(x) should avoid overlapping with itself when shifted. This resembles the problem of finding a set of intervals (since h is a step function) that are as spread out as possible.

So perhaps the optimal h(x) is a step function that has regions of 1 separated by gaps. For example, if we divide [0,2] into m intervals where h is 1, and the rest are 0. Then the problem is to arrange these intervals so that when shifted, they don't overlap too much.

But how to determine the number of intervals and their positions? Maybe this is a sliding window problem. For example, if we have m intervals, then the total length is sum of the lengths of these intervals, which must be 1 (since the integral is 1). Wait, the integral is 1 over [0,2], so the total area under h is 1. So if h is a step function with values 0 or 1, then the total length of the intervals where h(x) = 1 must be 1. Wait, if the length is L, then sum(h) * dx = L * (2/n_points) = 1. So L = n_points/2. But the problem allows h(x) to be between 0 and 1, not just 0 or 1. So maybe using a continuous function could allow for better overlap properties.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal solution is a step function where the 1s are placed in non-overlapping intervals when shifted. But how to model that?

Another idea: since the maximum overlap occurs for some k, perhaps the worst case is when the shift k is such that the overlap is maximized. To minimize this maximum, we need the function to avoid having too much overlap with any shifted version.

This seems like a problem that could be approached with a genetic algorithm, where each individual is a step function, and the fitness is the maximum overlap. However, the previous code uses a different approach with COBYLA and perturbations. Maybe switching to differential evolution could help, as it's a global optimization method that's good for avoiding local minima.

But how to integrate that into the code? Also, considering the time constraints, the code needs to run within 100 seconds. So, the approach needs to be efficient.

Another thought: the initial code uses a fixed number of iterations (300) with perturbations. Maybe changing the perturbation strategy or using a more adaptive approach could improve convergence.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method or a Bayesian optimization approach. But again, integrating these into the code within the time constraints is challenging.

Wait, the current approach uses COBYLA for local optimization after perturbations. COBYLA is a constrained optimization method, which is good for problems with bounds and equality constraints. However, it might not explore the search space efficiently.

What if we use a different method, such as SLSQP (Sequential Least Squares Programming), which is another constrained optimization method but might perform better?

Alternatively, using a simulated annealing approach. However, this is more computationally intensive and might not fit within the 100s budget.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions (the cross-correlation values), perhaps we can model it as a minimax problem. In optimization terms, this would require minimizing over h the maximum of the cross-correlation terms. This is a non-convex problem and is challenging.

But how to handle this with optimization libraries? Maybe using a heuristic approach where we iteratively improve the solution by focusing on the current maximum overlap.

Wait, in the previous code, the objective function is the maximum cross-correlation. So during optimization, the algorithm tries to minimize that maximum. However, the local optimizer (COBYLA) might not properly handle the non-convexity.

Perhaps instead of trying to minimize the maximum directly, we can use some other formulation. For example, the maximum can be transformed into a series of constraints, each of which is the cross-correlation value being less than a certain threshold. Then, we can optimize for the threshold. But this would require solving a problem with multiple constraints, which might be more computationally expensive.

Alternatively, using a coordinate descent approach. For each k, try to minimize the overlap for that shift, then iterate over all k. But this is unclear.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed n_points (from initial_h_values, which has 45 samples). Maybe using a different number of points could yield better results. For example, using 100 points might allow for more precise optimization, but the code might need to adjust.

Wait, the user mentioned that smaller sequences (less than 1k samples) are preferred for faster computation. So using a smaller n_points (like 45 as before) might be better. However, maybe there's a better initial guess with more or fewer points. But the initial code uses the provided initial_h_values with 45 points.

So perhaps the main improvements would be in the optimization strategy. Let me think about the previous code's approach:

- It starts with an initial guess (initial_h_values).
- Then, it performs 300 iterations where it perturbs the current best guess with random noise, then uses COBYLA to optimize.
- After that, it does a final refinement with L-BFGS-B.

But maybe using a different optimization method for the perturbations, like using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) for the exploration phase, then switching to a local method for refinement.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm where the population consists of different step functions, and each generation is evolved by crossover and mutation. However, implementing a GA might be more code and time-consuming.

Alternatively, the current approach might be improved by using a different perturbation strategy. For example, instead of adding uniform noise, adding structured perturbations that explore different regions of the parameter space.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code. Let me consider how to adjust the parameters and methods.

In the previous code, the COBYLA method is used with a maxiter of 100, and the perturbations are random. Maybe reducing the number of iterations but increasing the perturbation scale could help. Or, perhaps using a different starting point for the initial guess.

Alternatively, perhaps the code can be modified to use a different initial guess. For example, generating a new initial guess that's randomized but satisfies the sum constraint. However, the initial_h_values is provided as a starting point, and the problem says to use it if available.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, but the user says to use it directly. So the previous code uses that. However, maybe generating a different initial guess (by varying the initial_h_values) could lead to better results. But how?

Alternatively, maybe generating a new initial guess with a different pattern. For example, creating a function that is periodic with certain properties.

Another idea: since the interval is [0,2], perhaps the function h(x) is designed to have certain symmetry. For example, h(x) = h(2 - x). This symmetry could help reduce the number of overlaps when shifted.

But how to incorporate this into the code? If we can enforce this symmetry, it might reduce the problem's complexity. However, the code would need to handle this as an additional constraint, which might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, perhaps the function h(x) is divided into segments where it's 1 or 0 in a way that avoids overlaps. For example, placing the 1s in a pattern that is spread out, like a Poisson distribution. But again, this is vague.

Alternatively, considering the problem as an optimization over a grid. For example, using a grid of h samples and then using a gradient-based method. But the previous code already does that.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the main improvements would be to:

1. Use a more effective optimization method for the perturbation phase. Maybe using differential evolution instead of COBYLA for the global search.

2. Adjust the perturbation strategy: instead of adding uniform noise, use more intelligent perturbations.

3. Use a different initial guess. However, the initial_h_values are provided, so we might need to proceed with that.

Let me think about differential evolution. It's a global optimization algorithm that works well for problems with multiple local minima. Maybe using differential evolution for the perturbation phase could help find better solutions.

However, the code would need to integrate this. For example, in each iteration, instead of perturbing and using COBYLA, we could apply a differential evolution step. But differential evolution is a more expensive method, so we need to balance the number of iterations.

Another approach is to use a combination of methods. For example, use genetic algorithm for exploration, and then use COBYLA for refinement.

But given the time, perhaps it's better to modify the existing code to use differential evolution. Let me think about how to do that.

In the current code, for each iteration, a perturbation is added to the best_h, then COBYLA is used to optimize. Perhaps replacing COBYLA with differential evolution.

However, implementing differential evolution in scipy is possible, but it's a bit more involved. Alternatively, using the scipy.optimize.differential_evolution function.

But the problem is that the differential evolution function is for unconstrained problems, but here we have constraints. Wait, the code uses constraints for the sum, but differential evolution can handle constraints? Or perhaps it's better to use a constrained optimization method.

Alternatively, for each step, generate a population of candidate solutions that satisfy the sum constraint, then select the best one. But this would require more complex code.

Alternatively, maybe use the differential evolution method with a penalty approach for the constraints. But this might complicate things.

Alternatively, given that the current code uses COBYLA, which is constrained, and differential evolution is constrained, perhaps it's worth trying to replace the perturbation and COBYLA step with differential evolution.

But how to fit this into the existing code?

Another thought: the current approach is to use a local optimizer (COBYLA) after perturbations, which may not explore the search space effectively. Maybe switching to a global optimizer like differential evolution for the initial exploration.

However, given the time budget, perhaps the following changes would be effective:

- Use a different method for the perturbation phase, like a multi-start approach with different initial guesses.

- Increase the number of iterations or adjust the perturbation parameters.

But I'm not sure. Let's think about implementing a different optimization method.

Alternatively, since the current code is already using COBYLA and L-BFGS-B, maybe adjusting the hyperparameters could help. For example, increasing the number of iterations in COBYLA, or adjusting the perturbation scale.

Another idea: the noise_scale in the previous code is set to 0.01 initially and then decreases. But perhaps changing this to a different schedule, like larger noise initially, then smaller, could help explore better.

Alternatively, perhaps using a crossover approach where we take the best solution and combine it with random samples in the perturbation phase.

But again, without changing the code structure too much, perhaps tweaking the parameters could help.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to calculate the objective function. For example, precomputing the cross-correlation for different shifts to reduce computation.

But the current code uses numpy.correlate with mode='full', which might be efficient enough.

Another thought: the current code uses 300 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations would allow for more exploration, but since the time is limited, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess. For example, generating a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint, then optimize. But the problem says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly.

So, given all that, perhaps the best way to improve the code is to use a different optimization method during the perturbation step. For example, using the differential evolution method for the initial population and later steps.

But how to implement that?

Alternatively, maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach with the scipy.optimize library. However, Bayesian optimization is more complex to implement and might not be suitable for the problem.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimizer for the perturbation steps, such as using the differential_evolution method from scipy.optimize.

Here's the plan:

- Replace the perturbation and COBYLA steps with differential evolution.

- Use the initial guess from initial_h_values.

- Perform a few iterations of differential evolution to explore the search space.

- Then refine with a local optimizer.

But I need to check if differential evolution can handle the constraints. The constraints in our problem are that sum(h) = 1 * 2/n_points, which is a equality constraint. So, in differential evolution, I would need to include this constraint in the objective function via a penalty term or using a constrained solver.

Alternatively, the differential evolution can be used with the constraints handled through a penalty function. However, this may not be straightforward.

Alternatively, using a constrained differential evolution approach. But scipy's differential_evolution does not natively support constraints. So, perhaps this is not feasible.

Given that, perhaps the best approach is to stick with the existing code but tweak the hyperparameters and methods.

Another idea: use a multi-step approach. First, use a global optimizer (like differential evolution) with a small population to explore the space, then switch to a local optimizer for refinement.

But again, without knowing the specifics of the code, it's challenging to implement this quickly.

Alternatively, maybe the problem is that the previous code's perturbation step is too small, leading to local optima. So increasing the noise scale during the perturbation could help explore more.

Let me adjust the noise_scale in the previous code. For example, starting with a larger perturbation and decreasing it over time.

Another possibility is to use a different method for evaluating the objective function. For instance, precomputing all possible shifts and their cross-correlations. But this might not be necessary.

At this point, considering the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the code by adjusting the hyperparameters, such as increasing the number of iterations or using a different optimizer.

Let me think about the previous code. It uses COBYLA for the perturbation steps, which is a local optimizer. Maybe switching to the SLSQP method could help, as it's more flexible.

Alternatively, using the LBFGS-B method for the perturbations, but that requires handling the constraints.

Alternatively, using the same code but with a better perturbation strategy. For example, in each iteration, instead of adding uniform noise, applying a more structured perturbation, such as flipping certain elements of the array.

But this is getting complex.

Perhaps the main improvement is to use a more effective optimizer for the perturbation step. Let's consider using the differential evolution method. Here's a modified plan:

- Use a population-based approach (differential evolution) to generate candidates that satisfy the sum Constraint.

- Then, use a local optimizer (like L-BFGS-B) to refine the best solution.

This would involve:

1. Generating a population of h_values that meet the sum constraint.

2. Evaluating the objective function for each member of the population.

3. Selecting the best candidate and refining it with a local optimizer.

4. Repeating this process for a certain number of iterations.

However, implementing this requires a way to generate candidates that satisfy the sum constraint. One approach is to generate random samples that meet the sum constraint by normalizing the sum. For example, generating random values uniformly between 0 and 1, then scaling to meet the required sum.

But generating random samples that meet the constraint might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, using the initial guess as a starting point and applying noise in a way that maintains the constraint.

But this is similar to the previous approach.

Another idea: since the sum constraint is linear, the code can use a method to ensure that the perturbations maintain the sum. For example, when adding noise, subtract the excess from the sum and redistribute it appropriately.

But this may complicate the code.

At this point, given the time constraints, I think the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimizer for the perturbation steps. For example, replacing COBYLA with a different method, or adjusting the parameters of the existing methods.

Alternatively, using a combination of the genetic algorithm and local optimization.

But since the user's code already has a certain structure, perhaps the following changes would be effective:

1. Increase the number of iterations during the perturbation phase.

2. Use a larger noise_scale during the early iterations to explore more.

3. Use a more efficient local optimizer, like L-BFGS-B, for refinement.

Let me also consider the code structure. For instance, the code uses a COBYLA optimizer with a maximum of 100 iterations. Perhaps increasing the maxiter for COBYLA could allow better convergence.

Alternatively, using a different optimizer for the perturbation phase, such as the SLSQP method, which is more general.

In the previous code, the COBYLA method is used, but maybe the SLSQP method could handle the problem better.

So, modifying the previous code:

In the loop for perturbations, instead of using COBYLA, use SLSQP. This may allow for better exploration of the search space.

But how to implement this? The current code has:

result = optimize.minimize(
    fun=objective,
    x0=perturbed_guess,
    method='COBYLA',
    bounds=bounds,
    constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
    options={'maxiter': 100, 'disp': False}
)

Changing the method to 'SLSQP' might be better.

Additionally, the perturbation scale could be adjusted. For example, starting with a larger noise scale and decreasing it over time.

Also, in the refinement step, using L-BFGS-B with more iterations might help.

Another idea: for the perturbation steps, instead of adding small noise, use a different strategy, such as randomly flipping some elements of the array, ensuring the sum constraint is maintained.

But again, this requires careful implementation.

Given all these thoughts, I'll try to modify the existing code by changing the optimization method and adjusting parameters.

Another possible change: the number of iterations for the perturbation loop is 300. Perhaps this can be increased, but that might exceed the time budget.

Alternatively, reducing the number of iterations but increasing the perturbation scale.

Another idea: the initial guess is the initial_h_values, which might be suboptimal. If we can generate a better initial guess, that could lead to better results.

But the initial_h_values are provided, and the problem says to use them directly. So we cannot change that.

So, the main idea is to improve the optimization process by using a better optimizer and adjusting hyperparameters.

Thus, the modified code would use a different optimizer in the perturbation loop, perhaps SLSQP, and adjust the perturbation strategy.

Let me try to implement this in code.

The previous code uses COBYLA for the perturbation steps. Let's change it to SLSQP. Also, adjust the noise_scale to start larger and decrease over time.

Here's the plan for the optimized code:

1. Use the same initial guess.

2. In the perturbation loop:

   a. Increase the noise_scale initially, then decrease it over time.

   b. For each perturbation, generate a perturbed guess that maintains the sum constraint.

   c. Use the SLSQP optimizer with a larger maxiter.

3. After the loop, perform a final refinement with L-BFGS-B.

Additionally, the code might benefit from using more iterations in the loop, but given the time budget, it's a trade-off.

Now, the code changes:

In the loop where the perturbed_guess is made:

noise_scale = max(0.01, 0.1 * (1 - i/300))  # originally this line

Perhaps changing this to a larger initial value and adjusting the decay. For example:

noise_scale = max(0.1, 0.05 * (1 - i/300))

But this is just a guess.

In the optimizer call, use SLSQP.

Additionally, the constraints for the optimizer are handled via the constraint_sum function.

Now, implementing this in code.

Another consideration: the SLSQP method may require more parameters, but the existing code is structured to use the constraint_sum as an equality constraint.

Thus, modifying the code to use 'SLSQP' in the optimize.minimize call.

So, in the loop:

result = optimize.minimize(
    fun=objective,
    x0=perturbed_guess,
    method='SLSQP',
    bounds=bounds,
    constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
    options={'maxiter': 100, 'disp': False}
)

This might help in exploring the solution space more effectively.

Additionally, increasing the number of iterations in the perturbation loop could help, but this may take more time.

Another change: in the refinement step, use a higher maxiter for the L-BFGS-B optimizer.

With these changes, the code should potentially converge to a better solution.

Testing this approach, the C₅ bound might improve, leading to a lower value than the previous 0.381142.

Thus, the final code would involve modifying the optimizer used in the perturbation steps, adjusting the noise_scale, and possibly refining the local optimization.

Finally, the code should be kept concise, fitting within the character limit. So, the final code will incorporate these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * 2.0 / n_points

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    # Adaptive perturbation with SLSQP for global search
    for i in range(200):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        noise_scale = max(0.1, 0.05 * (1 - i / 200))
        perturb = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 50, 'disp': False}
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    # Final refinement with L-BFGS-B
    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=best_h,
        method='L-BFGS-B',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 150, 'disp': False}
    )

    if result.success:
        best_c5 = objective(result.x)
        best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```