<think>
Okay, so I need to find a better upper bound for the Erdős constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP optimization starting from an initial guess. The target is to get C₅ down to around 0.380876 or lower. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem is to find a step function h on [0, 2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral over shifts k. The overlap integral is computed using the correlation between h and 1-h. The challenge is to minimize the maximum value of this correlation.

The previous approach used a structured guess with evenly spaced points and then optimized. However, maybe there's a better way. Perhaps I can explore different initial guesses, maybe with more structure, or use different optimization strategies.

Let me consider the constraints again. The function h must be a step function with values between 0 and 1, and the integral over [0,2] is 1, so the sum of h values multiplied by dx is 1. The previous code used a starting guess of 45 points. Maybe using a different number of points could help. But the user prefers smaller sequences, so maybe using fewer points but with more optimized steps?

Wait, the previous code started with n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 45. The user mentioned that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So perhaps starting with a smaller number of points could be faster and allow for more thorough optimization.

But how to choose the number of points? Maybe try with 30 or 40 points first. However, the problem requires that the code can run within 100 seconds. So need to balance between the number of points and the optimization steps.

Another idea: instead of using differential evolution, maybe use a genetic algorithm or a Bayesian optimization approach. But the current code uses differential evolution and SLSQP. Perhaps modifying the initial guess or the optimization parameters could help.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initialization strategy. The previous code used a structured guess with evenly spaced 1s. Maybe using a more complex structure, like clusters or overlapping intervals, could lead to better results.

Also, the current code has some randomness in the initial guess. Maybe adding more randomness in the initial population of the differential evolution could help find better solutions.

Another consideration is that the overlap integral for different shifts k might be dominated by certain values of k. So perhaps the optimization could focus on minimizing the maximum of these integrals by considering the most sensitive shifts first. But how to model that in the optimization?

Alternatively, could I use a different cost function that penalizes higher overlaps more strongly? For example, instead of just taking the max, maybe using a combination of all overlaps, but that might complicate things.

Another thought: the current code uses the SLSQP method with a constraint on the sum. Maybe using a different optimization method, like COBYLA, could be more efficient? Or perhaps using a hybrid approach where a global optimization method is used first, then a local one.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use more efficient initializations, better optimization parameters, and maybe a different initial guess.

Wait, the initial guess can be generated with various structures. For example, instead of evenly spaced 1s, maybe using a pattern that is known to have good properties. For instance, using a periodic pattern or a specific arrangement that balances the function over the interval.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial guess is not optimal. Maybe generating a more intelligent initial guess by considering the optimal distribution of the 1s. For example, distributing the 1s in such a way that they are spaced apart as much as possible, but given the integral constraint.

But how? For a step function with integral 1 over [0,2], if we think of it as selecting a set of intervals where h(x) is 1. The total length of those intervals should be 1. So if we have n points, the sum of h[i] is n_points / 2, since dx = 2 / n_points, so integral is sum(h) * dx = sum(h) * 2 / n_points = 1 => sum(h) = n_points / 2.

So the initial guess could be placing the 1s in positions that are as spread out as possible. Maybe using a grid sampled from a fixed pattern, like placing 1s at regular intervals with some offset to avoid symmetry.

Alternatively, using a random starting point but with more structured variations.

Another idea: since the current code uses differential evolution, maybe increasing the population size or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters could help find better solutions faster. But since the time budget is limited, perhaps this requires careful tuning.

Wait, the previous code used a structured guess with evenly spaced points. Maybe generating a more efficient initial guess by using a different pattern. For example, using a binary pattern with larger spacing, or alternating 1s and 0s in a way that balances the integral.

But for a step function, maybe using a combination of clusterings of 1s and 0s. For example, placing clusters of 1s separated by 0s, ensuring that the total area is 1.

Alternatively, using a sinusoidal-like pattern, but since the function has to be piecewise constant (step function), it's more of a partitioning problem.

Hmm. Let me think about the evaluation function. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx over x. For the maximum over k, this is the worst-case overlap.

To minimize this maximum, the function h should be as "spread out" as possible, avoiding having regions where h(x) and 1 - h(x +k) are both high. So perhaps making the function have regions where it is 1 and 0 in a way that they don't align with shifted copies.

Another approach: perhaps using a binary function (i.e., h(x) is 0 or 1) which would make the problem more structured. However, the problem allows h(x) to take any value in [0,1], so maybe other values could provide better overlaps.

But maybe starting with a binary function could lead to a better initial guess. For instance, placing the 1s in positions that are as spread out as possible. For example, placing 1s at positions that are equally spaced, but since the integral must be 1, the number of 1s would be determined by the interval length. Wait, for a binary function h(x) = 1 on a set of intervals, the integral is the sum of the lengths of those intervals. So for example, if we have m intervals of width w, their total length would be m*w = 1. So for a given number of points n, if we have m ones, then each 1 has width 2/m. But since the function is a step function, maybe the positions of the 1s could be arranged to avoid overlaps when shifted.

But this is getting a bit abstract. Maybe trying to use a more informed initial guess, perhaps based on known optimal solutions or heuristic patterns.

Alternatively, since the previous code uses a structured guess with evenly spaced 1s, maybe trying different starting structures. For example, placing 1s in a non-uniform way, such as grouping them to create a certain balance.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal solution is periodic or has some symmetry. So perhaps the function h(x) could be designed with a specific periodicity that minimizes overlap when shifted by certain amounts.

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy algorithm. Start by placing the 1s in positions that minimize the current max overlap, and iteratively adjust them. But this would be computationally intensive and might not be feasible within the time budget.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with better mutation and crossover strategies. But given the time, perhaps the existing code's approach is better, but with some modifications.

Wait, the code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method. The SLSQP is used for fine-tuning. Maybe adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution, such as increasing the population size, or using a different mutation strategy, could help find better solutions.

Another thing to consider is that the previous code has a lot of code for generating initial guesses, which might be time-consuming. Maybe simplifying the initial guess generation, or using a different approach.

Wait, the initial guess is generated by placing points evenly spaced. Maybe that's not optimal. For example, if the optimal function is more clustered, then starting with clustered points might be better.

But how to generate that? Maybe using a different initial guess, such as a binary structure with clusters.

Alternatively, trying multiple different initial guesses and Averaging the results. For example, starting with the current initial guess, and also starting with other patterns like alternating 1s and 0s, or placing 1s in a staggered way.

Furthermore, the code uses a while loop to generate new guesses by adding random noise. Maybe instead of adding random noise, using a different perturbation strategy, such as swapping certain points or applying a gradient-based perturbation.

Another thought: the current objective function is the maximum value of the correlation. Perhaps, instead of directly minimizing the maximum, using a different cost function that penalizes higher values more. However, since the maximum is the critical value, the current approach is correct.

Another optimization direction: parallelizing the evaluation. But since the available CPU is only one, that's not possible. So need to find a way to optimize the existing steps.

Hmm. Let me think about the existing code. The first step is to use differential evolution, which might not be the fastest, but it's a global method. Then using SLSQP for refinement. Then adding random perturbations and optimizing.

Maybe the problem is that the initial guess is not good enough. For example, the initial guess might be a structure that leads to a higher C5. So perhaps generating a better initial guess could lead to a better solution.

Alternatively, maybe using the current initial guess but with more extensive optimization steps. But the previous code already does that.

Another idea: the previous code uses the constraint_sum as an equality constraint. Maybe allowing some slack in the constraint (i.e., using an inequality constraint with a penalty) during the initial phases of the optimization, to allow for more exploration.

Alternatively, maybe combining multiple initial guesses with different structures. For example, using the structured guess, the initial guess, and other patterns, and then running the optimization on each of them.

But with the time budget, this requires careful handling. Let me think about how to implement this.

Wait, the problem says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So perhaps the previous code already uses the given initial guess. So maybe the code can be modified to generate other initial guesses as well.

For example, create a different initial guess that's not just a uniform spread but has a different structure, and run the optimization on that. Than compare the results.

But how to generate that other initial guess? Perhaps using a different pattern, such as placing the 1s in a more clustered way, or with varying spacing.

Alternatively, using a method to distribute the 1s more optimally. For example, distributing them such that the distance between consecutive 1s is as uniform as possible, but that's similar to the existing structured guess.

Another approach: since the function is defined over [0, 2], maybe using a binary representation where the positions of 1s are selected to minimize overlap. For example, using a binary search approach to select positions that are spaced as far apart as possible.

But without a clear algorithm, this is tricky. Perhaps using a greedy approach to place the 1s.

Alternatively, given the time constraints, perhaps the best path is to modify the existing code to use different initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters, and see if that leads to improvements.

Let me consider modifying the code's initial guess. For example, instead of generating a structured guess with evenly spaced points, maybe using a different pattern such as placing 1s at positions that are spaced in a way that maximizes the minimal distance between them. For example, using a grid that is not linear but based on some function.

Alternatively, using a different structured guess, such as placing 1s at positions that are multiples of a certain base value, but with some randomness to avoid symmetry.

Another thought: the previous code's structured guess places the 1s at positions that are evenly spaced, but adds a small adjustment to reach the sum. Maybe that's not optimal. Instead, perhaps using a more precise method to distribute the 1s. For example, using a uniform distribution of 1s with exactly the required number of points, allowing for some overlap but ensuring the total integral is correct.

Alternatively, using a grid that is more optimal for the averaging problem.

But this is getting too vague. Let's think about modifying the code's initial guess generation. For example, instead of using a linear spacing, maybe using a logarithmic spacing or another distribution.

Alternatively, for the initial guess, generate a few different patterns and run the optimization on each. For example, generate a uniform, a clustered, and a staggered pattern. Then pick the best one.

But given the time, perhaps it's better to focus on improving the existing code. Let me consider the parameters in the differential evolution. The previous code uses a popsize of 20 and maxiter of 100. Maybe increasing the maxiter or popsize would allow for better exploration, but that might take more time.

Alternatively, using a different mutation strategy. The current mutation is (0.7, 1.2), which is a range. Maybe adjusting this to a different value.

Alternatively, using a different method for initial guesses. For example, the current code uses a structured guess with evenly spaced 1s, but perhaps generating a random initial guess with the correct sum and then optimizing that.

But how? For example, start with a random array of values between 0 and 1, sum to n_points / 2, and then use differential evolution on that. Maybe this could lead to better results.

Alternatively, combining the structured guess and a random initial guess. Let me think: if the initial guess is a structured one, but during the differential evolution, allowing the algorithm to explore other directions.

But given that the time is limited, perhaps modifying the structured guess generation to use a different spacing might help. For example, placing the 1s at positions that are not evenly spaced but with some variance, such that they spread out more.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is related to convolutions, maybe the optimal function h has a Fourier transform that minimizes the maximum of the convolution with 1-h. This is a more mathematical approach, but I'm not sure how to translate this into a computational method.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the function should be designed to have a certain periodicity that flattens the overlap integrals. For example, if h is designed to have a certain frequency that avoids alignment with shifts.

But without a clear mathematical path, it's hard to implement this in code.

Perhaps going back to the original code and making adjustments to the optimization steps. For example, increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution, or using different parameters.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) instead of differential evolution. But I don't have access to a PSO implementation in the current code.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method from the beginning, but with a better initial guess. The current code first uses differential evolution and then SLSQP. Maybe using SLSQP directly with a better initial guess could be faster and more effective.

But the initial guess is critical. If the initial guess is not good, SLSQP might get stuck in local minima.

So perhaps combining the structured guess with a more thorough optimization using SLSQP. For example, starting with the structured guess and running SLSQP with more iterations.

But the previous code already does that. Maybe increasing the maxiter or adjusting the tolerances.

Let me consider changing the SLSQP parameters. For example, increasing the maxiter from 300 to 500, or adjusting the ftol and eps.

Another idea: use a multi-start approach. Run the optimization from multiple different initial guesses (like the structured guess, the initial_h_values, and a random guess) and select the best result.

But with the time budget, this may be feasible.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the starting point and modifying it. For example, perturbing it with small random variations and running SLSQP.

But the previous code already does that in a loop, adding random noise and optimizing.

Another thought: the current code evaluates the correlation using the full mode, which is longer than the original array. But for the overlap integral, the maximum may occur for certain k. So perhaps focusing the optimization on those specific shifts, but I'm not sure how to implement that.

Alternatively, precompute all possible shifts and use them in the cost function. But the correlation already captures all shifts.

Hmm. Let me think about what caused the previous code to have a C5 bound of 0.381142. Maybe the initial structured guess wasn't optimal, and the optimization could find a better solution. So, to improve upon that, maybe adjusting the initial guess and the optimization steps.

Perhaps the best approach is to modify the initial structured guess generation. For example, instead of placing 1s at evenly spaced positions, using a different pattern, such as placing them in clusters spaced apart. For example, placing some 1s in the left half and others in the right half, ensuring that the total area is 1.

Another idea: use a binary representation where the function h has large sections of 1 and 0, arranged to prevent overlap when shifted. For example, if the function has a long interval of 1s followed by 0s, but shifted versions would overlap with other parts.

But again, this is abstract without a concrete algorithm.

In the absence of a clear mathematical insight, perhaps the best way is to modify the existing code to use a different initial guess, perhaps with more clustered 1s, and see if that leads to better results.

Alternatively, using a more precise way to generate the initial guess. For example, instead of placing the 1s at evenly spaced positions, using a method to distribute them optimally.

But I'm not sure how to implement that. Another thought: for the initial structured guess, instead of placing the 1s at positions that are evenly spaced, perhaps place them at positions that are separated by a certain distance that minimizes the maximum overlap. This is like a circle packing problem, but in one dimension.

Alternatively, for the initial guess, use a greedy approach: place the first 1 at a random position, then place the next 1 as far away as possible, etc., ensuring that the total area is 1. But this would require an algorithm to do that.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a better initial guess and adjust the optimization parameters.

Let me consider the code again. The initial structured guess is generated by placing num_ones points at positions spaced evenly. The code uses np.linspace(0,2, num_ones, endpoint=False), which creates a uniform grid, and then assigns 1s to those positions, but with some small randomness to adjust the sum.

Maybe instead of using endpoint=False, use endpoint=True, allowing the positions to be spread out more. Or adjust the number of points for the initial guess.

Wait, in the structured guess code:

positions = np.linspace(0, 2, num_ones, endpoint=False)

This would give num_ones equally spaced points between 0 and 2, excluding the endpoint. Then, the grid is the full n_points points from 0 to 2. So the initial guess is placing 1s at the midpoints between the grid points, perhaps. This might lead to a more spread-out initial guess.

But I'm not sure. Maybe changing the way the positions are generated can help.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial guess should be generating positions that are more spread out. For example, placing the 1s at positions that are equally spaced with some offset. For instance, adding a small random offset to each position to avoid symmetry.

Another idea: use the initial structured guess with more points. But increasing num_ones would require more calculation. However, the existing code's initial guess uses num_ones = int(target_sum + 0.5), which for target_sum = n_points / 2 would be roughly n_points/2, so for n_points=45, num_ones is 23.

But if I adjust the num_ones, maybe it's better. However, without knowing, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, for the initial guess, use a different pattern, like placing the 1s at positions that are spaced in a way that maximizes the minimal distance between them. This is the same as the optimal spacing for a packing problem in 1-D. The optimal spacing would be such that the points are equally spaced, but that's what the current code does.

Hmm. So perhaps the initial structured guess is already as good as possible. Therefore, the problem might lie in the optimization steps.

Another thought: the current code uses differential evolution with a seed. By changing the seed, different initial populations could be tried, leading to better results. But the code uses a fixed seed (seed=42), which might not be optimal. However, the code does not allow changing the seed unless it's set in the function call. Since the function is called with a seed, perhaps using a different seed could help, but the user says to use the default seed=42. Wait, the code uses seed=42, but in the run function, the seed is an argument. Wait, no: the code's run function takes a seed argument and passes it to the differential evolution. Wait, in the current code, the initial_guess is created from initial_h_values, which is a global variable. The differential evolution is not seeded by the seed argument. So perhaps the seed is not used, and the results are not reproducible. That's a problem. The previous code may not be exploiting the seed properly. It might be better to seed the random number generator for the initial guess and the perturbations.

But I think the main issue is the optimization steps. Perhaps the code could benefit from more thorough optimization.

Another idea: in the current code, after the structured guess, the code also runs the initial guess and the structured guess, and then does a while loop adding random noise. However, perhaps the random noise perturbations aren't sufficient, and a more systematic approach could be better.

Alternatively, using a different perturbation method, such as simulated annealing or a more informed mutation strategy.

But in the limited time, perhaps adjusting the parameters in the existing code is the way to go.

For example, increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution, or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Alternatively, combining the differential evolution with the structured guess, and then running SLSQP with more iterations and tighter tolerances.

Another observation: the current code returns the best_h after running the optimization steps, but there may be a way to combine multiple optimization steps more efficiently.

In conclusion, to improve the previous code, perhaps the following changes could be made:

1. Adjust the initial guess generation to use a different pattern.
2. Tune the optimization parameters for differential evolution and SLSQP.
3. Add more diverse initial guesses to avoid local optima.
4. Use different methods for perturbation during the optimization.

But how to implement this concisely within the code?

Let me try to revise the code accordingly. Let's consider the previous approach, but with some modifications:

- Use a different initial guess generation, perhaps placing the 1s more clustered.
- Increase the number of iterations in differential evolution.
- Use a different seed or random initialization.
- Adjust the mutation and recombination parameters.

But to fit within the code constraints and token limits, I'll need to make targeted changes.

Another idea: since the previous code's structured guess places 1s evenly, perhaps using a different pattern, like placing 1s in a way that alternates between high and low values. Or perhaps randomly placing points, then adjusting to meet the sum constraint.

But for the sake of time, perhaps modifying the structured guess to use a different spacing, such as placing 1s at positions that are shifted.

For example, in the generate_structured_guess function, instead of using np.linspace(0, 2, num_ones, endpoint=False), use a spacing that's slightly perturbed. Or use a different distribution.

Alternatively, use a random initial guess by randomly allocating the values, then adjusting the sum.

But how to generate that within the code.

Alternatively, in the generate_structured_guess function, use a different spacing. For instance, use a grid that is not uniform but has some variation.

But without knowing the exact method, this is challenging.

Perhaps the most effective change is to adjust the parameters in the differential evolution step, such as increasing the maxiter and popsize.

Alternatively, change the mutation parameters to (0.5, 1.0) or other values to explore the space more effectively.

But without testing, it's hard to know.

Another idea: in the code, after running the differential evolution, the SLSQP optimizer is run with a large number of iterations. If the SLSQP optimizer is allowed to run for more iterations, it may find a better solution. So increasing the maxiter from 300 to 500 or 1000.

But given the time budget, this might take longer. However, the while loop at the end adds some steps, so perhaps adjusting the parameters can help.

In conclusion, the revised code would:

- Use the initial guess from initial_h_values.
- Generate a structured guess with different spacing.
- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters.
- Run SLSQP with more iterations.
- Add more perturbation steps.

But to fit all of this into the code, I'll need to modify the existing code accordingly.

Let me draft the code changes.

First, the generate_structured_guess function: instead of using linear spacing, maybe use a different pattern. For example, perhaps distributing the 1s with a higher density in the middle.

But this is just a guess. Alternatively, use a logarithmic spacing or some other distribution.

Alternatively, for the structured guess, use a pandas' date_range-like approach, but that's not applicable here.

Alternatively, use a grid that is not linear. For example, a grid that is more clustered in certain regions.

But perhaps it's better to keep the structured guess as is and focus on the optimization parameters.

Another idea: changing the mutation and recombination parameters in the differential evolution. For instance, using mutation=(0.5, 0.8), which creates smaller perturbations, or mutation=(0.8, 1.2) for larger ones.

Alternatively, using a higher popsize to explore more of the search space.

In the previous code, the popsize is 20. Increasing it to 30 or 40 might help, but at the cost of more computation time.

But with the time budget, this may be feasible.

Another change: in the while loop that adds random noise, increase the number of iterations or the number of perturbations, or use a different perturbation strategy.

In the previous code, the while loop runs until time remains, adding random noise and optimizing. Perhaps modifying this to use a better perturbation, such as using the gradient or other methods.

But without calculating the gradient, it's not straightforward.

In summary, the code should be modified to:

- Use a more effective initial guess.
- Tune the differential evolution parameters.
- Increase the SLSQP optimization steps.
- Add more varied initial guesses.

But given the time constraints, I'll proceed to write the code with these considerations in mind.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def generate_structured_guess(n):
        num_ones = int(target_sum + 0.5)
        positions = np.linspace(0, 2, num_ones, endpoint=False)
        grid = np.linspace(0, 2, n)
        h = np.zeros(n)
        for pos in positions:
            idx = np.argmin(np.abs(grid - pos))
            h[idx] = 1.0
        if abs(np.sum(h) - target_sum) > 1e-6:
            h[np.random.choice(n, size=1)] += (target_sum - np.sum(h))
        return h
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    try:
        def objective_de(h_values):
            h = np.array(h_values)
            corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
            c5 = np.max(corr) * dx
            penalty = 1e4 * abs(np.sum(h) - target_sum)
            return c5 + penalty
        
        result_de = optimize.differential_evolution(
            fun=objective_de,
            bounds=bounds,
            popsize=30,
            maxiter=150,
            mutation=(0.7, 1.2),
            recombination=0.9,
            tol=1e-10,
            vectorized=True
        )
        if result_de.success:
            result_slsqp = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=result_de.x,
                method='SLSQP',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
            )
            if result_slsqp.success:
                current_c5 = objective(result_slsqp.x)
                if current_c5 < best_c5:
                    best_c5 = current_c5
                    best_h = result_slsqp.x
    except:
        pass
    
    struct_guess = generate_structured_guess(n_points)
    result_slsqp_struc = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=struct_guess,
        method='SLSQP',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 400, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
    )
    if result_slsqp_struc.success:
        current_c5 = objective(result_slsqp_struc.x)
        if current_c5 < best_c5:
            best_c5 = current_c5
            best_h = result_slsqp_struc.x
    
    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s - 15:
        new_guess = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=best_h + 0.05 * np.random.randn(n_points),
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if new_guess.success:
            current_c5 = objective(new_guess.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = new_guess.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```