<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by finding a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and our target is to get even lower, like 0.380876.

First, I need to understand the existing approach. The previous code uses a genetic-inspired exploration with COBYLA and then refines with L-BFGS-B. It starts from an initial guess and perturbs it, optimizing each time. However, the user wants a different approach, possibly to avoid local optima and find better solutions.

Hmm. Maybe using a different optimization method could help. The previous code used COBYLA for constrained optimization, which is good for bounds but might not be the most efficient. What if I try a different method like differential evolution or a more global optimization technique? Also, maybe the initial guess can be improved. For example, the current code uses initial_h_values, but maybe there's a better starting point.

Another angle: the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx for each k. So for each shift k, we need to minimize the maximum of these integrals. Since k can be any value, but in the discretized version, we have to consider all possible shifts between the points.

Wait, in the discretized version, the correlation is computed using numpy.correlate with mode 'full'. The maximum of that correlation multiplied by dx is the value we want to minimize.

So the challenge is to find h such that for all shifts k, the integral over [0,2] of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx is as small as possible. The maximum of these integrals is C₅.

I think the key is to ensure that h is designed to have low overlap with its shifted versions. One way to do this is to make h have periodic or symmetric properties that reduce the overlap. But how to translate that into an algorithm?

Perhaps using a structured approach. For example, maybe dividing the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 0 or 1, but with some overlapping that minimizes the integral. Or maybe using a piecewise constant function with certain patterns.

Another idea: the current initial_h_values may not be optimal. Maybe I can generate a better initial guess. For example, using a pattern that's known to have good properties. Like, maybe distributing the 1s and 0s in a way that minimizes overlaps. For example, placing the 1s at intervals that are spaced out to avoid overlaps when shifted.

Alternatively, considering that the integral for each shift k is the same as the integral of h(x) times (1 - h(x + k)) dx. So for each x, h(x) contributes to the integral for all k such that x + k is within [0,2]. So perhaps the function h should be designed such that where it is 1, the regions around it (when shifted) have minimal 1s.

Wait, but how to model that? Maybe the optimal h is such that for any k, the regions where h(x) and h(x + k) are both 1 are minimized, and similarly for other combinations. But this is too vague.

Let me think about the mathematical formulation. The integral for a given shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Expanding this, it becomes ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. The first term is the integral of h over [0,2], which is 1, so the integral becomes 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum of these integrals is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over all k. Wait, but the original problem is to minimize the maximum of [1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx], which is equivalent to maximizing ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx for each k. Therefore, the problem reduces to finding h that maximizes the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over all possible shifts k. But since we are trying to minimize the maximum of 1 minus this integral, it's the same as maximizing the minimal ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx.

But how does that help? Maybe this perspective can lead to a better optimization approach. However, the problem is that the shifts k can be any real number, not just discrete. But in the discretization, we have to approximate this with the samples.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal function h is periodic or has some symmetry that allows for a cleaner analysis.

Another approach: use a gradient-based optimization but with better initialization. The previous code starts with an initial guess and perturbs it. Maybe instead of perturbing, we can use a different initial guess. For example, maybe using a known optimal solution for a smaller n or some pattern that's better for the problem.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given, which is for n=45. Maybe by using a different starting point, like a more evenly spaced pattern, we can find a better solution.

But the user says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So I can't change that. However, perhaps the code can use a different initial guess, but I need to check if that's allowed. Wait, the problem statement says: "When initial_h_values is available, use it directly. Never redefine it or copy its entries into the response. Construct all large arrays algorithmically; do not print long numeric literals or unrolled tables." So the initial_h_values is provided, and we can use it as the starting point, but can't copy its values into the response, so we have to work with it algorithmically.

So, perhaps the initial guess is not the best, but we can use it as a starting point. However, the previous code uses COBYLA for optimization, which is a local method. Maybe a global optimization approach would help, but within the time budget.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model it as a bilevel optimization problem. However, that's probably too complex for the time constraints.

Alternatively, perhaps use a more advanced optimization algorithm that can better explore the search space. For example, using the differential evolution method (DE) from scipy.optimize. DE is known for its ability to find global optima, but it's more computationally intensive. However, maybe with some parameter tuning, it can find better solutions in the given time.

Wait, the previous code uses COBYLA for exploration and then L-BFGS-B for refinement. Maybe switching the order or using different methods would help. For example, using DE for the initial exploration and then local refinement.

Another thing: the constraints on the sum of h. The sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. So, the optimization problem has an equality constraint. The previous code uses COBYLA with that constraint. The problem is that COBYLA can get stuck in local minima. So maybe using a different optimization method, like SLSQP or others, could help.

But given the time constraints, perhaps trying to optimize the parameters of the existing approach. For example, the previous code uses 300 iterations of perturbation with COBYLA. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the perturbation strategy could lead to better results. Or perhaps using multiple initial points and selecting the best one.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the current best solution, maybe generate multiple diverse initial points and optimize them in parallel. But in the code's current setup, it's only doing sequential perturbations. Maybe that's not sufficient.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method for the constraints. The current code uses COBYLA, which handles bounds and linear equality constraints. But for higher-dimensional problems, COBYLA might not be efficient. For example, with n_points=45, there are 45 variables. Maybe using a more efficient algorithm? Or perhaps the problem is not too bad.

Wait, the previous code uses a genetic-inspired approach, but maybe a simpler approach would be better. For example, using a simulated annealing method. But simulating annealing is not part of scipy's optimize module.

Alternatively, the code could use a more aggressive perturbation strategy. For example, instead of adding small noise, maybe trying different patterns that could reduce the overlap. But how to model that.

Alternatively, think about the structure of the optimal function h. Since the integral is maximized when h has high values where 1 - h(x + k) is also high, but we want to minimize that. So for any shift k, h and 1 - h(x + k) should be as low as possible. Therefore, the optimal h should have regions where it's 1, but ensuring that when shifted, those regions don't overlap with regions where it's also 1.

This sounds like a scheduling or packing problem. For example, if h is 1 in some intervals, then when shifted by k, the overlap with those intervals should be minimized. So maybe designing h to have 1s in intervals spaced out in a way that their shifted versions don't overlap much.

But how to translate this into an algorithm. For example, if we divide [0, 2] into equal parts and set h to 1 in some of them. But with the sum constraint, the number of 1s would be fixed.

Alternatively, think of h as a binary function (but since it's a step function, maybe binary approximations could be used). However, the problem allows h to take any value between 0 and 1. But perhaps the optimal solution is binary.

Wait, if h is binary (0 or 1), then the integral becomes the measure of the overlap between the 1s of h and the 1s of 1 - h(x + k). Wait, 1 - h(x +k) is 1 when h(x +k) is 0. So the integral becomes the measure of x where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. So for each k, this integral is the total length of overlap between the 1s of h and the 0s of h shifted by k. Therefore, the problem reduces to arranging the 1s in h so that their shifts don't overlap as much as possible.

But this is a classic problem in combinatorics. For example, this resembles the problem of placing intervals such that their shifts don't overlap too much. However, since we're dealing with a continuous interval [0,2], the optimal arrangement may involve distributing the 1s in such a way that when shifted, they don't overlap with their own 1s.

But how to model this. If we consider the continuous case, the function h might be designed to have high values in regions that are spaced apart. For example, if h is 1 in certain intervals that are spaced such that when shifted by any k, the overlap with the original intervals is minimized.

But since the function has to be a step function (discrete samples), the challenge is to find a binary or piecewise constant function that satisfies the constraints and minimizes the maximum overlap.

However, finding such a function requires a good optimization approach. Maybe using a gradient-based method with a better initial guess.

Alternatively, considering the use of a more sophisticated optimization method. For example, using a genetic algorithm that can explore the search space more effectively. But scipy doesn't have a built-in genetic algorithm. However, there is a DE implementation in scipy.optimize.

Wait, the scipy.optimize has a differential evolution solver, which is a global optimization algorithm. Maybe this could be better than the previous approach. Let me think.

Differential evolution is a population-based optimization algorithm that can find good solutions even in complex landscapes. The previous approach uses a local search with COBYLA, which might get stuck in local optima. Using DE could explore more of the solution space and find better solutions.

But DE requires some parameters, like the population size, mutation factor, and crossover probability. Tuning these parameters could be important.

Another point: the problem has a constraint that the sum of h is fixed (sum(h) = n_points / 2). So the optimization problem is a constrained optimization with bounds on the variables (each h[i] in [0,1]).

The previous code's approach uses COBYLA with the equality constraint. Differential evolution can handle constraints by using penalty methods or other techniques. However, integrating constraints into the DE algorithm might require some modifications.

Alternatively, we can use a penalty method where the objective function includes a term for the constraint violation. However, this might complicate the optimization.

But given the time constraints, maybe modifying the code to use differential evolution would be beneficial. Let me try to outline this.

First, define the objective function as the maximum overlap integral, as before. Then, use differential evolution to minimize this objective function, subject to the constraint that the sum of h is exactly n_points / 2.

But how to handle the constraints in DE. One way is to use the constraint as part of the objective function with a penalty. For example, adding a large coefficient multiplied by the absolute value of the constraint violation. However, this might not work well, especially since the constraint is an equality.

Alternatively, use the 'bounds' and 'constraints' parameters in the optimization. But DE in scipy.optimize.differential_evolution doesn't support constraints directly. Wait, looking into the scipy documentation: the differential_evolution function in scipy.optimize has a 'bounds' parameter but doesn't support constraints. So to handle equality constraints, we would have to use a penalty approach.

So, the objective function would be modified to include the constraint violation as a penalty. For example:

def objective(h_values):
    h = np.array(h_values)
    corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    c5 = np.max(corr) * dx
    # Add penalty for constraint violation
    constraint_violation = abs(np.sum(h) - target_sum)
    return c5 + penalty * constraint_violation

But the penalty needs to be large enough to ensure that the constraint is satisfied, but not so large that it dominates the objective function. But this could be tricky.

Alternatively, since the problem is continuous and the constraint is linear, we could use a gradient-based method with the constraint. However, the DE approach might not be straightforward.

Another approach: use a constrained optimization method that can handle bounds and equality constraints. The previous code used COBYLA and SLSQP. Maybe for the differential evolution, using a modified objective function with penalty terms would be necessary.

But this seems complicated. Alternatively, could the code use the existing constraint and perform the optimization with a different method?

Alternatively, let's think of using the SLSQP method, which can handle both bounds and equality constraints. The previous code used COBYLA, which might have struggled with the constraint.

But let's consider using SLSQP with the initial guess and then refining. However, the initial guess might not be good enough, and the problem could be non-convex, leading to local optima.

Another idea: the previous approach uses a genetic-inspired strategy, which is to perturb the current best solution and then optimize. Maybe instead of doing this, use a more systematic approach. For example, trying different structures. For instance, generating h with periodicity or symmetry.

But how to algorithmically generate such structures. For example, if n_points is even, divide the interval into two equal parts and set h to 1 in one part and 0 in the other. But this isn't optimal since shifting by half the interval would cause overlap.

Wait, for example, if h is 1 in [0,1] and 0 in [1,2], then for k=0.5, the integral would be ∫[0,1] * (1 - h(x+0.5)) dx. When x ranges from 0 to 0.5, x+0.5 is from 0.5 to 1, so h(x+0.5) is 1, so 1 - h(x+0.5) is 0. For x in [0.5, 1], x+0.5 is [1, 1.5], so h(x+0.5) is 0, so 1 - h(...) is 1. So the integral becomes 0.5 * 1 = 0.5, which is higher than the previous record. So this structure is worse.

So, that's not suitable. Therefore, the optimal h must have a more complex structure.

Another thought: the current code uses perturbations based on a noise scale that decreases over time. Maybe adjusting this noise scale could help. For example, starting with larger perturbations and gradually decreasing them. Or using a different method to generate perturbations.

Alternatively, instead of using COBYLA, use a more efficient method for constrained optimization. For example, using the SLSQP method with tighter convergence settings.

Alternatively, the problem might benefit from using a more advanced algorithm, like a Bayesian optimization approach, which is particularly good for expensive objective functions. But scipy doesn't have built-in Bayesian optimization, but there are libraries like skopt that could be used. However, since the user's code must use scipy and standard libraries, this is not available.

Considering the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to try using differential evolution with a penalty function for the constraint, but given that it's a continuous optimization problem. However, since the code has to be self-contained and use scipy, let's think about how to implement this.

Alternatively, perhaps the code can use the previous approach but with some modifications. For example, in the exploration phase, use different methods like SLSQP or other.

Another angle: the previous code's initial guess is the initial_h_values. Maybe there's a better initial guess. But the user says to use the initial_h_values if available, so we can't change that.

Wait, the initial_h_values is for n=45 samples. Maybe the code can try different n_points, but the problem says to prefer smaller sequences. However, since the initial_h_values is given, and the code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 45, perhaps trying a different n_points might be better, but the problem says to prefer smaller sequences, so maybe the current n_points is acceptable.

Another thought: the current code uses COBYLA for each perturbation, which might be slow. Maybe replacing that with a faster method like L-BFGS-B, but with the constraints handled properly. However, L-BFGS-B can't handle equality constraints directly unless using a penalty method, which could be tricky.

Alternatively, maybe the code can use the SLSQP method, which handles both bounds and equality constraints.

Wait, the previous code uses COBYLA with the equality constraint. Maybe switching to SLSQP could provide better performance. Let's think: COBYLA is for bound constraints and linear constraints, but SLSQP can handle more general nonlinear constraints. However, in our case, the constraint is linear (sum h = target_sum), so maybe SLSQP would be suitable.

So modifying the code to use SLSQP instead of COBYLA. But how?

Let me adjust the code's optimization steps. The previous code uses COBYLA for exploration and L-BFGS-B for refinement. If instead, during the exploitation phase we use SLSQP, which can handle the equality constraint, perhaps this would lead to better optimization.

Also, adjusting the number of iterations and the perturbation strategy.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of iterations for the exploration phase, perhaps use a more adaptive approach. For example, start with a larger population of random points and optimize them, but again, this would require more complex code.

But given the time constraints and the need to keep the code concise, perhaps focusing on the following steps:

1. Use a better optimization method, like SLSQP, for both exploration and refinement.
2. Adjust the perturbation strategy.
3. Use a different initial guess if possible, but since the initial_h_values is provided, we can't change that.

Alternatively, since the initial_h_values is given, maybe the code can try a few different initial guesses generated by varying it in some way, but that complicates the code.

Another point: the current code's evaluation uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns a longer array. The maximum of that array is then multiplied by dx to get the integral. But perhaps there's a way to compute the maximum overlap more efficiently, or to avoid redundant computations.

But that's probably not a major issue.

So, putting it all together, here's a plan for the code:

- Use a more efficient optimization algorithm, like SLSQP, which can handle the equality constraint.
- The initial guess is the initial_h_values.
- Perform a number of optimization steps, each time perturbing the current best solution and optimizing with SLSQP.
- After exploration, perform a final refinement step with SLSQP.
- Control the number of iterations and perturbations to fit within the time budget.
- Use a more aggressive perturbation strategy to escape local minima.

Wait, but how to implement the perturbation? For example, adding noise to the current best guess, but ensuring that the sum of the perturbed guess is close to the target_sum.

Alternatively, during the exploration phase, generate new points by adjusting the current best guess with some random noise, and then optimize those with the equality constraint.

But the previous code already does that. The only change would be to use SLSQP instead of COBYLA.

Let me adjust the previous code to use SLSQP for the optimization, and see how that performs.

So, modifying the code:

In the loop for exploration:

Instead of using method='COBYLA', use method='SLSQP'.

But SLSQP can handle the equality constraint automatically if we include it in the constraints argument.

So, adjusting the code:

For each iteration, generate a perturbed guess, then call optimize.minimize with method='SLSQP', and the constraints as before.

But SLSQP may require more memory and computational resources, but with n_points=45, it's manageable.

Similarly, during refinement, using 'L-BFGS-B' or 'SLSQP' to refine.

Another option is to use a different optimization strategy, like using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method, but it's less likely to find better solutions.

So, changing the code to use SLSQP for both exploration and refinement.

Let me outline the code changes:

Replace the COBYLA method with SLSQP in the loops.

Also, in the initial refinement phase, use SLSQP instead of L-BFGS-B.

But the previous code uses L-BFGS-B for refinement. However, with SLSQP, we can handle the constraints better.

Another point: the constraints for the equality sum can be added in the optimize.minimize call.

So, the constraints for each optimization step are the same: [{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}].

Now, adjusting the code:

Within the for loop:

result = optimize.minimize(
    fun=objective,
    x0=perturbed_guess,
    method='SLSQP',
    bounds=bounds,
    constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
    options={'maxiter': 100, 'disp': False}
)

Similarly for the final refinement.

This might provide better convergence and find better optima.

Another thing: the 'SLSQP' method in scipy.optimize requires the gradients. However, if the objective function is not differentiable, it may have issues. But in our case, the objective function is the maximum of the correlations, which is non-differentiable at some points. Therefore, the SLSQP method may not work well due to gradient issues. Hence, perhaps using a method that does not require gradients, like COBYLA, is better.

But the previous code uses COBYLA, which is a derivative-free method. So, perhaps the previous approach is better in this regard.

However, the code previously used COBYLA for exploration and L-BFGS-B for refinement. Maybe the exploration phase should use COBYLA and the refinement phase uses L-BFGS-B, but with the constraints properly handled.

Wait, the L-BFGS-B method can handle bounds but not constraints unless using a penalty function. So, in the previous code, the constraint was added as a separate equality constraint. But L-BFGS-B doesn't support general constraints. Therefore, the previous code might have a mistake here. Because the 'L-BFGS-B' method only handles bounds and inequality constraints, not equality constraints.

Ah, that's a problem. The previous code used the 'constraints' parameter in the optimization function, but if the method does not support constraints, it will raise an error.

Wait, looking into scipy.optimize's methods: the COBYLA method supports bounds and linear constraints. The SLSQP method supports bounds and general constraints. The L-BFGS-B method only supports bounds and inequality constraints (linear or nonlinear).

So, in the previous code, using L-BFGS-B with constraints is incorrect because it doesn't support constraints. Therefore, the code might have a bug here. That's a critical mistake. The code as written may not actually be valid, but perhaps it was skipped over, and the optimization was done in a way that worked.

This is a major error. Because the optimization for the refinement step is using L-BFGS-B with a constraint that it can't handle, leading to possible incorrect results or errors.

Therefore, to fix this, the code needs to use a method that supports equality constraints. Hence, the code should use SLSQP or COBYLA for the optimization steps, not L-BFGS-B.

This suggests that the previous code has a bug and may not work correctly. This mistake could have caused suboptimal results.

Therefore, the code should be updated to use a method that supports the equality constraint, like COBYLA or SLSQP.

So, to correct the previous code's mistake, the refinement step should also use a method that supports constraints.

Therefore, the code's final refinement step should use SLSQP or COBYLA instead of L-BFGS-B.

This suggests that the previous code had an error in the optimization approach, which needs to be fixed.

Given this, the code can be adjusted to use COBYLA for both exploration and refinement.

But this is what the previous code did. The final refinement may have used L-BFGS-B, which is invalid.

This is a critical realization. So the previous code may not have done what it intended.

To address this, the code should use methods that can handle equality constraints. So, the previous code's final refinement step is incorrect.

This means that the original code may not have worked properly, and this could have led to suboptimal results.

Therefore, to improve the code, we need to ensure that the optimization method supports constraints.

With this in mind, the current code should use COBYLA or SLSQP for all optimization steps.

Therefore, modifying the code's refinement step to use COBYLA instead of L-BFGS-B.

So, in the previous code:

result = optimize.minimize(
    fun=objective,
    x0=best_h,
    method='L-BFGS-B',
    bounds=bounds,
    constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
    options={'maxiter': 100, 'disp': False}
)

This is incorrect. The L-BFGS-B method does not support equality constraints. Hence, this will raise an error or not work as intended.

So, to fix this, the code should use a method that supports equality constraints. Let's use COBYLA again for the refinement step.

In the previous code, the refinement steps are likely to have had a mistake, which could have contributed to the suboptimal results.

Therefore, the correct approach is to use a method that supports equality constraints, like COBYLA or SLSQP, throughout the optimization.

This is a crucial correction that needs to be made in the code.

So, in the code:

In the loop, use COBYLA in optimize.minimize with constraints.

And in the final refinement step, also use COBYLA.

This would ensure that the constraints are handled properly.

Another point: the previous code uses COBYLA with a maxiter of 100 for each perturbation step. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the parameters could help, but given the time constraints, it's important to optimize the code.

Another idea: use a more efficient way to generate perturbations. For example, instead of adding random noise, perform a more directed search, such as trying different patterns or using a genetic algorithm.

However, due to time and complexity, the code must remain within the allowed lines and characters.

So, to summarize, the plan is:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Perform an iterative optimization process:
   a. Generate perturbations to the current best guess.
   b. Use SLSQP or COBYLA to optimize the perturbed guess with the equality constraint.
3. After exploration, refine the best solution using a more efficient method like COBYLA or SLSQP.
4. Ensure that all optimization steps use methods that support equality constraints.
5. Use a mixture of perturbations and optimization steps to explore the search space effectively.

Now, implementing this in code.

The previous code used COBYLA for exploration and tried to use L-BFGS-B for refinement, which is incorrect. Fixing this.

In the previous code, after the exploration phase, the code runs:

    # Final refinement
    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=best_h,
        method='L-BFGS-B',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 100, 'disp': False}
    )

But this is incorrect. So replacing this with using COBYLA:

    # Final refinement
    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=best_h,
        method='COBYLA',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 100, 'disp': False}
    )

This would correct the mistake.

Now, with this correction, the code should function properly.

Additionally, perhaps adjusting the number of perturbations and the perturbation strategy.

Another idea: during the perturbation, instead of adding noise uniformly, use a more targeted approach. For example, flipping some of the h values to 0 or 1, ensuring that the sum remains the same.

But how to do this in the code?

Alternatively, generate random permutations or patterns that maintain the sum.

But this may be complex. Hence, stick with the current approach but use COBYLA for all steps.

Another consideration: the previous code uses 300 iterations. With each iteration, it performs a perturbation and an optimization. Each optimization may take time, so the code needs to be efficient.

To optimize for time, the code may need to reduce the number of iterations or use faster methods. However, given the time budget, the code must run within 100 seconds.

Putting all this together, the revised code will:

- Use the initial_h_values.
- Use COBYLA in both the exploration and refinement steps.
- Adjust perturbation parameters to be more effective.
- Ensure constraints are properly handled.

Based on this analysis, the code should be rewritten to use COBYLA for all optimization steps and use the corrected refinement method.

Now, implementing this in code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    for i in range(150):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        noise_scale = max(0.005, 0.15 * (1 - i / 150))
        perturb = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'disp': False}
        )

        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x

    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=best_h,
        method='COBYLA',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 150, 'disp': False}
    )

    if result.success:
        best_c5 = objective(result.x)
        best_h = result.x

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```