<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for C₅, the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant. The current best is 0.38085, and I need to get something better, like 0.380876 or lower. The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP optimization, differential evolution, and L-BFGS-B. But maybe there are ways to refine the approach.

First, I should consider the initial_h_values provided. The existing code starts with that and tries to perturb it. But maybe starting from different initial points could yield better results. Also, the previous code used binary guesses, which might not be optimal. Maybe using other strategies for initialization could help avoid local minima.

Another thought: the problem is about minimizing the maximum correlation between h and 1-h shifted by k. So the overlap integral over all shifts. The key is to distribute the 1s and 0s (or partial values) in h such that when you shift, the overlap is minimized. Maybe using a more regular pattern, like periodic structures, could help.

Wait, the problem is similar to a covering problem where we need to space out the 1s so that their overlap with shifted versions is minimized. Maybe a periodic pattern with a certain period would be better. For example, a 5-periodic pattern? But the integral over [0,2] needs to be 1. So perhaps designing a function with a periodic structure that's optimal in terms of spacing.

Alternatively, perhaps using a non-uniform spacing where certain regions have more 1s, but arranged in such a way that shifting them doesn't create too much overlap. Maybe using a greedy algorithm: place 1s in positions that minimize the maximum overlap, iteratively.

But since the problem is to find a step function with a fixed integral, maybe I should consider parametrizing the function in terms of intervals where h(x) is 1, 0, or something else. However, that could complicate optimization.

Alternatively, think about the problem as a continuous optimization problem. The current code uses numerical optimization with constraints. Maybe improving the optimization strategy by combining different methods or adjusting parameters.

The previous code uses differential evolution for global search, then SLSQP for local tuning. Perhaps increasing the population size or adjusting mutation rates in differential evolution could help find better solutions. Also, allowing more iterations might help, but within the time budget.

Another idea: since the problem involves maximizing the minimum overlap, maybe using a different objective function. Wait, no—the goal is to minimize the maximum overlap, which is the C₅ value. The code correctly uses the max over all shifts of the convolution.

Wait, the current code uses the numpy correlate function with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. Then multiplies by dx. So, the maximum of that is the C₅.

Another approach is to use a more efficient way of computing the maximum overlap. But perhaps the code is already efficient enough.

Another thing: the initial_h_values are 45 samples. Maybe using a larger number of points could help, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. So maybe keeping n_points around 100-200 is better. But the initial code uses 45 samples. Perhaps trying with a different initial setup, like more points, but that might be computationally expensive.

Wait, but the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. The previous code uses 45 points, which is manageable. Maybe trying with 60 points could be feasible within the budget. But need to check the time constraints.

Alternatively, using a different optimization strategy. The previous code uses SLSQP and Differential Evolution. Maybe using a Bayesian optimization or other methods could be more efficient, but those might not be available in the given libraries. Scipy has some optimization methods, but perhaps the existing ones can be adjusted.

Another idea: the constraints are the integral of h being 1. So the sum of h is n_points / 2. The function h is a step function, so each h[i] is between 0 and 1. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation.

Perhaps, instead of using a fixed number of points, trying different n_points (like 60 or 80) could yield better results. But need to check the computational time.

But the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe sticking with similar point numbers is better.

Another point: the previous code uses some random initial guesses, including binary ones. Maybe using more elaborate initializations, like patterns based on known optimal solutions or structured patterns could help. For example, maybe using a periodic pattern with a certain period that's optimal for the shift overlaps.

For example, if the interval [0,2] is divided into segments where h is 1 for a portion and 0 otherwise. But since the integral must be 1, the total length of 1s must be 1. So, length of 1s is 1, and the rest 0. But the problem allows for h to be between 0 and 1. So perhaps using a mixture of 1s and partials.

Alternatively, arranging the 1s periodically. For example, if the function is 1 for intervals of length a, then 0 for length b, etc., such that the total area is 1. This could be a way to structure the function, but finding the optimal a and spacing might be non-trivial.

Another thought: the overlap is maximized when the shifted h(x) overlaps with the original as much as possible. So, to minimize this maximum, we need to spread out the h values so that their overlapping with any shift is minimized. This sounds a bit like a packing problem. Maybe using a greedy algorithm to place the 1s in the positions that currently have the least overlap.

But how to model that in an optimization? Perhaps using a heuristic where each value of h is adjusted based on the current maximum overlap.

But how to integrate that into the optimization process. Maybe using a genetic algorithm with a specific crossover and mutation strategy that promotes diversity. However, with the given libraries, perhaps Differential Evolution is already suitable for that.

Alternatively, using a more advanced optimization method like COBYLA (constrained optimization by linear approximations) but that's part of scipy.optimize.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. So perhaps after using DE for global search, using COBYLA for refinement could help.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of a set of functions, maybe the maximum is achieved for some specific shift, so focusing optimization on those shifts could help. But that might complicate the objective function.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more accurate computation of the maximum correlation. The previous code uses the np.correlate function, but maybe there's a better way to compute it. For example, using FFT-based convolution, which is faster and more accurate. But the current code uses a direct method, which might be acceptable.

Alternatively, precompute all possible shifts and use that, but the code already does that.

Another approach is to consider that the maximum overlap occurs for some shift k, and perhaps the optimal h is such that for each k, the overlap is as small as possible. But how to model that?

Maybe using a multi-objective optimization, but that could complicate things.

Another thing to consider is the initial solution. The initial_h_values may be a good starting point, but perhaps there are better initial points. For example, generating a grid of possible initializations based on different structures, like using a random combination of 1s and 0s, or a structured pattern.

Alternatively, using a grid search over possible patterns. For example, creating a pattern with certain periodicity, and then optimizing the parameters.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution is related to the solution of the Erdos problem, which might have known structures. For instance, in the continuous case, the optimal h could be a function that is 1 on intervals arranged to minimize the maximum overlap. But I'm not sure about the exact structure.

Alternatively, perhaps thinking of the problem as similar to the problem of designing a window function with minimal correlation with its shifted versions, which is a topic in signal processing. For example, using a window with certain properties like low autocorrelation.

In that case, perhaps using a window function with low sidelobe levels. However, this is more of a signal processing approach, and adapting it to the current problem.

But how to translate that into a step function. Maybe using a fractional Fourier transform or something else is not feasible here.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx. For the case of h being piecewise constant, the integral can be computed by breaking into intervals where h is constant. So for h with n points, the integral over all k can be found by considering the overlaps between each interval and the shifted intervals.

But how to use that for optimization. Perhaps using this insight to build a more efficient objective function, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe switching to a different method or adjusting the parameters could help.

For example, the previous code uses a population size of 120 for differential evolution. Maybe increasing that could find better solutions, but that might take more time. Or using a different mutation operator.

Another idea: the current code uses a binary initial guess, but maybe varying the initial guesses more carefully. For example, starting with a grid of different initial configurations.

Alternatively, using a combination of different optimization strategies: first using a global method like DE to find good candidates, then using local methods like SLSQP or L-BFGS-B to refine them.

Another point to consider is the time budget. The previous code's run time needs to be under 100 seconds. So, the code must find the best solution within that time. Perhaps the previous code's approach can be optimized further by reducing the number of iterations or using more efficient algorithms.

But I need to code this in Python, using the given libraries. Let me think about possible changes to the code.

First, the previous code uses initial guesses generated randomly. Maybe instead, generating initial guesses based on structured patterns, like periodic structures or using a grid of different placements.

Another idea: the current code uses 'SLSQP' for the local optimization. Maybe using 'COBYLA' or 'Nelder-Mead' could provide different results. Also, adjusting the parameters such as the maximum number of iterations or tolerance.

Another thing: the current code has a loop that tries to improve the solution by using L-BFGS-B after the initial steps. Maybe adding more of these refinement steps could help. But again, time is limited.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with more initial guesses. For example, generating more initial points using different strategies, not just the binary ones.

But the problem says that the initial_h_values are available, so perhaps using that as an initial guess is better than random ones.

Another possible improvement is to use the fact that the overlap integral is symmetric. For example, the maximum overlap occurs for some shift k, but since the interval is [0, 2], the shifts can be considered modulo 2. So, for shifts k in [0, 2], overlapping with the interval [0, 2], the maximum is over k in a certain range.

But I'm not sure how to exploit this symmetry in the optimization process.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs for a shift k that is related to the width of the intervals where h is 1. For example, if h is 1 on some interval of length l, then shifting by k= l would cause an overlap of 0. So, the maximum overlap could be minimized by ensuring that the intervals are spaced appropriately.

But again, integrating this into the optimization is unclear.

Another Idea: Since the current code uses differential evolution with a population size of 120 and maxiter of 200, maybe increasing the population size could help find better solutions, but that would use more time. However, within the time budget, maybe it's worth trying.

Alternatively, using a different mutation and recombination strategy in differential evolution.

Another thought: the evaluation of the objective function (the maximum correlation) could be computed more efficiently. For example, precomputing all possible shifts and finding the maximum. The current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient, but maybe there's a way to vectorize the computation or use numpy's broadcasting to speed it up.

But the code as written is already efficient. So maybe not.

Another approach: The previous code uses a combination of different optimizers. Maybe swapping some steps. For example, using differential evolution first, then using L-BFGS-B for refinement.

Another Idea: The initial code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess. Perhaps generating more initial guesses based on that, but with small perturbations. For example, adding small random noise to the initial_h_values and then using those as starting points for the optimization.

Alternatively, generating multiple initial guesses based on the initial_h_values by varying certain parameters. For example, if the initial_h_values have some structure, perturb that structure.

Another thing: The current code has an inner loop that tries to improve the solution by using L-BFGS-B. Maybe extending that loop to run more times, but that would consume more of the time budget.

Alternatively, adjusting the parameters in the optimization methods. For example, increasing the 'ftol' and 'eps' parameters to allow for a faster convergence, or decreasing them for higher precision.

Another Idea: The problem requires minimizing the maximum of the correlation. This is a minimax optimization problem. Wolfram's approach to similar problems uses Lagrange multipliers and variational methods, but perhaps that's not directly applicable here.

Given that the current code is already a complex optimization approach, perhaps the key is to refine the existing methods. For example, using more efficient initial guesses, more thorough optimization steps, or different optimization strategies.

So, modifying the previous code to:

1. Use more initial guesses generated in a structured way.
2. Use a more efficient global search method.
3. Refine with multiple local optimizations.
4. Adjust the parameters of the optimization to allow better convergence.

Let me think about how to implement these changes in code.

First, the code should generate more initial guesses, not just the initial_h_values and some binary ones. For example, generating permutations of certain patterns or using a grid-based approach.

But generating more initial guesses could take time. However, since the time budget is 100 seconds, perhaps it's manageable.

Another point: the current code uses a differential evolution step, which is a global optimization method. But maybe that's not the best for the problem. Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm, but scipy doesn't have that.

Alternatively, using a basin-hopping algorithm, which combines local optimization with random perturbations. But that might not be available in the given libraries.

Another Idea: The previous code uses np.correlate, but the maximum of the cross-correlation is a bit tricky. Maybe the maximum occurs for some specific shift, and by focusing the optimization on that, we could get better results. However, without knowing which k is the maximum, this is hard to implement.

Alternatively, maybe using a heuristic to approximate the maximum shift. For example, considering that the maximum overlap occurs when the shift is near the length of the interval where h is 1. But this requires knowing the structure of h, which is the variable being optimized.

In conclusion, the key improvements could be:

- Better initial guesses that are more diverse.
- More thorough optimization with different methods.
- Adjusting parameters of the optimization to speed up convergence and avoid local optima.

So, modifying the initial code by generating more initial guesses using different strategies, and possibly using different optimization methods and parameters.

Now, translating this into code.

The current code has:

- initial_guess = initial_h_values
- generate_binary_guess creates binary guesses.

Perhaps adding more structured initial guesses, like those based on periodicities.

For example, creating a periodic pattern where h alternates between 0 and 1 with a certain period. For example, creating a pattern that is 1 for a certain length and 0 for the rest, but arranged periodically.

But for the interval [0, 2], a periodic pattern could be a function that repeats every T units. For instance, if T=0.5, then h(x) is 1 for [0, 0.5), 0 for [0.5, 1), 1 for [1, 1.5), etc. However, this needs to be adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

But how to generate such a pattern in code, given n_points.

Alternatively, creating a pattern based on dividing the interval into segments and setting h to 1 in certain segments.

But perhaps this is too involved. Another approach would be to generate a few different structured initial guesses and include them in the initial guesses.

For example, generating an initial guess where h is 1 for the first half of the interval, then 0 for the second half. But this might not be optimal, but it's a starting point.

Alternatively, creating a guess that is a step function with two intervals, each of length 1, but since the integral must be 1, that would be 1/2 in each interval, leading to a h value of 0.5 in the middle.

But I'm not sure. Let's think: the total length of the interval is 2. To have integral 1, the area of h(x) must be 1. So if the function is 1 in a segment of length l, then the integral is l, but if it's a step function with some values, the integral is the sum of (value * length of interval).

So, for example, if h(x) is 0.5 in a segment of length 2, the integral is 1. But that's a flat function, which would have high overlap with any shift.

But to minimize the maximum overlap, we need to distribute the mass of h(x) to minimize overlaps with shifts. Thus, a flat function would have high overlap, so it's not desired.

So, a better initial guess might be one that spreads the 1s out as much as possible. For example, creating a pattern where the h(x) is 1 in a number of intervals, spaced apart.

But how to model this in code. Perhaps generating an initial guess where the h is 1 for some positions and 0 for others, with a certain spacing.

Another Idea: Using a grid search over possible positions of the peaks. For example, if we assume that h(x) has a certain number of peaks, and place them in positions that are spaced as far apart as possible.

But for a step function with 45 points, this might be too vague. Instead, generating initial guesses where the h is 1 in certain positions, spaced to avoid overlaps.

However, without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to proceed.

Alternatively, using the existing initial_h_values and generating perturbations around it, such as adding small random noise and clamping to [0,1], but that's already part of the current code's generate_binary_guess function.

Another Idea: Using the current code's generate_binary_guess function, but generating more of them. The previous code generates 5 initial guesses. Perhaps increasing that number to generate more variations.

But how to do that. Let's see, the current code has:

initial_guesses = [initial_guess]
for _ in range(5):
    initial_guesses.append(generate_binary_guess())

So that's 6 initial guess points. Maybe increasing that to 10 or 20.

But this would take more time. However, the differential evolution step is already a global search, so perhaps more initial points could help.

Another Idea: Using the differential evolution with a higher population size. The current code uses popsize=120, but increasing that could improve the search. However, with the time budget, this might be feasible.

Another Idea: The previous code uses a differential evolution with mutation parameters (0.7, 0.9) and recombination 0.8. Maybe trying different parameters could lead to better results.

Also, using the 'bounds' argument in the differential evolution to ensure that the optimization stays within the feasible region.

Another Idea: After differential evolution, the code performs SLSQP optimization. Perhaps doing more of these steps, or varying the optimization methods.

In conclusion, modifying the previous code by:

- Increasing the number of initial guesses.
- Using a higher population size in differential evolution.
- Trying different optimization methods and parameters.
- Adding more refinement steps with local optimization.

So, adjusting the code accordingly.

Let me outline the changes:

1. Generate more initial guesses, perhaps using different structures (like binary, periodic, etc.).
2. Increase the population size in differential evolution.
3. Adjust mutation and recombination parameters.
4. Add more refinement steps with local optimizers.
5. Use more thorough optimization with different methods.

But given the code's constraints, implementing these changes while keeping the code concise and within the time budget is essential.

Now, translating this into code.

The existing code has a generate_binary_guess function. Perhaps adding another function to generate structured guesses. For example, a periodic guess.

But generating a periodic guess would require a certain period and length. However, without prior knowledge, this could be arbitrary.

Alternatively, generating a guess where h is 1 in certain intervals spaced apart. But again, without knowing the optimal spacing, it's difficult.

Alternatively, using a random selection of positions, but with some structured patterns.

But given time constraints, perhaps it's better to focus on the existing code and make adjustments to improve its performance.

Another Idea: The previous code uses 'SLSQP' for local optimization, which may have trouble with certain regions. Perhaps switching to 'L-BFGS-B' or 'COBYLA' for refinement steps.

Additionally, using a more aggressive approach in the initial guesses. For example, generating more binary guesses.

So, modifying the code to generate more initial guesses. Current code has 5 additional binary guesses, making 6 total. Increasing this to, say, 10.

Also, increasing the population size in differential evolution to 200 or so, and adjusting other parameters.

Another Idea: Using the 'bounds' parameter in the differential evolution to make the search more efficient.

Putting this into code:

Modify the generate_binary_guess function to generate more guesses, and adjust the differential evolution parameters.

But I need to write the code accordingly.

Another thing to note: the initial_h_values have n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 45. So, the code uses 45 points.

Now, the code needs to return h_values, c5_bound, and n_points.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess. What if we generate a few other initial guesses based on the initial_h_values, like perturbing them slightly?

But the code already does that with the binary guesses.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as a base and adjusting it with small changes.

But without knowing the exact modifications, it's hard to say.

In conclusion, the revised code would include:

- More initial guesses.
- More thorough optimization with adjusted parameters.
- Possibly using different optimization methods.

Now, coding this into the existing structure.

For example:

- Increase the number of initial guesses from 5 to 10.
- Increase the popsize and maxiter in DE.
- Use different mutation parameters.
- Use more refinement steps with L-BFGS-B.

So, in the code:

The initial_guesses are generated with more iterations. For example, changing the for _ in range(5) to range(10), or similar.

Also, during the differential evolution step, increasing popsize to 200 and maxiter to 300.

Another Idea: The previous code uses np.correlate, which computes the cross-correlation for all shifts. However, the maximum of this could be calculated more efficiently by considering only the shifts where overlap is likely to be high. For example, shifts up to a certain value. But for now, it's better to keep the current method.

Another thing: The current code's differential evolution uses a high tolerance (tol=1e-10), which may be too strict. Maybe relaxing it to 1e-8 would allow faster convergence.

But without knowing, it's hard to say.

Putting this all together, here's a plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.
- Generate multiple binary initial guesses (say, 10).
- Use differential evolution with higher population size and parameters.
- After DE, perform local optimization with SLSQP and L-BFGS-B.
- Add more refinement steps in the loop to improve the solution.

Now, writing the code with these changes.

Testing these ideas, the code should be adjusted accordingly. Here's the revised code block.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def optimize_guess(guess):
        try:
            result = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=guess,
                method='SLSQP',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
            )
            return result.x if result.success else None
        except:
            return None
    
    def generate_binary_guess():
        num_ones = 22
        indices = np.random.choice(n_points, size=num_ones, replace=False)
        h = np.zeros(n_points)
        h[indices] = 1.0
        if np.sum(h) < target_sum:
            idx = np.random.choice(np.where(h == 0)[0], size=1)
            h[idx] = 0.5
        return h
    
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess]
    for _ in range(10):
        initial_guesses.append(generate_binary_guess())
    
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        result = optimize_guess(guess)
        if result is not None and objective(result) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(result)
            best_h = result
    
    try:
        result_de = optimize.differential_evolution(
            fun=objective,
            bounds=bounds,
            popsize=200,
            maxiter=250,
            mutation=(0.7, 0.9),
            recombination=0.8,
            tol=1e-8,
            vectorized=True,
            seed=seed
        )
        if result_de.success:
            result_slsqp = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=result_de.x,
                method='SLSQP',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
            )
            if result_slsqp.success and objective(result_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(result_slsqp.x)
                best_h = result_slsqp.x
    except:
        pass
    
    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s - 100:
        try:
            result = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=best_h,
                method='L-BFGS-B',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-9}
            )
            if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(result.x)
                best_h = result.x
        except:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```