Okay, so I'm trying to figure out how to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant, specifically for C₅. The goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the overlap integral, which is defined as the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The function h has constraints: it must be between 0 and 1, and the integral over [0,2] must be 1.

The previous approach used an optimization method with random perturbations and the SLSQP optimizer. However, the result wasn't quite good enough, so I need to think of a different strategy.

Hmm, maybe using convex optimization could help. I remember that some problems can be transformed into convex forms, which are easier to optimize. Let me think about the problem again. The overlap integral is essentially looking for the maximum correlation between h and 1 - h at all shifts. But this isn't a linear problem because of the product h(x)(1 - h(x+k)).

Wait, maybe I can consider a different formulation. If I can somehow approximate the problem in a way that convex optimization can handle, that might lead to a better solution. Alternatively, perhaps using binary variables could help, although that would make it a mixed-integer problem, which is harder.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a binary code with certain autocorrelation properties. Maybe some techniques from coding theory could be applicable here.

Wait, let's think about the structure of h. Since it's a step function, h can take on values in [0,1]. Maybe a low-resolution approach is acceptable. If I use a smaller number of points, the optimization might be faster and still find a good bound.

Looking at the initial_h_values provided, it's a 70-point sample. I should explore using a higher number of points if possible, but within the time constraints. Alternatively, using a higher number of points but with a more efficient optimization method could be better.

I also recall that the previous method used random perturbations and SLSQP, but maybe a more systematic approach like simulated annealing could escape local minima better. However, the time budget is limited, so I need a balance between thoroughness and speed.

Alternatively, perhaps a combination of convex optimization for feasibility and a local optimizer for fine-tuning could work. That way, I ensure that the solution is within the feasible region before trying to minimize the objective.

Wait, let me break down the problem. The overlap integral is linear in h for a fixed shift k, but since we're taking the maximum over all k, it's non-linear. This makes it challenging because convex methods typically handle convex objectives, which this isn't.

Perhaps using a cutting-plane method or some iterative approach where I approximate the maximum at each step. For example, start with an initial guess, compute the maximum overlap, and then add a constraint to minimize that specific overlap. Then, iteratively update the constraints based on the current maximum. This could be a way to approach the problem, even if it's not strictly convex.

Another angle: dual problem. Maybe the dual form can be more tractable, but I'm not sure how to derive it.

Let me consider the mathematical representation again. The objective is to minimize C₅, which is the maximum over all k of the inner product of h and (1 - h shifted by k). The constraints are that h is non-negative, bounded, and integrates to 1.

Wait, maybe using Lagrange multipliers could help incorporate the constraints into the objective function. But then again, it's non-linear, so it might not lead to a closed-form solution.

What about projection methods? If I alternate between minimizing the maximum overlap and projecting back onto the feasible region, maybe that could converge. Each iteration could involve a step towards reducing the overlap and a step to enforce the constraints.

But I'm not sure about the projection step. The constraints are the sum of h equals 1 and each h[i] is within [0,1]. The projection would need to ensure these conditions, which is non-trivial if h changes significantly in each step.

Alternatively, I could use a mixture of convex optimization for feasibility and gradient descent for the objective. First, find a feasible point using a convex method, then use a gradient-based approach to minimize the maximum overlap, ensuring feasibility at each step.

Wait, let's think of it this way: the maximum overlap is the maximum over all possible shifts, which corresponds to evaluating all possible cross-correlations of h and (1-h). Since this is a non-linear problem, perhaps an alternative approach is to model it as a semi-definite program, but I'm not sure if that's feasible.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is max_k ∫h(x)(1-h(x+k))dx, perhaps we can model this as minimizing the maximum of these integrals. If I can express this as a convex problem, then I can use CVXPY with a suitable solver.

Wait, what if I consider each shift k as a variable and model the problem such that for each k, we have a constraint that the overlap is less than or equal to C. Then, the goal is to find the smallest C such that all these constraints are satisfied, along with the constraints on h.

This could be written as:

min C

subject to:
∫h(x)(1-h(x+k))dx ≤ C → for all k in [something]

and the sum of h is 1, and h ∈ [0,1].

But in practice, evaluating all k in [something] is impossible because k can take infinitely many values. However, since we're discretizing h into n_points, the shifts are also in discrete steps of dx.

Wait, but actually, the maximum is evaluated over all possible shifts, which translates to all possible lags in the correlation. For a function defined on [0,2], the shifts can range from just above -2 to just below +2. So, for a discretized h, we can represent this as a finite number of shifts, specifically 2*n_points -1 lags.

But considering all these lags for each h is computationally expensive. So, as an optimization, perhaps we can express the maximum over these lags as a sum and then enforce that each lag's correlation is less than or equal to C. Then, the minimum C would satisfy all these constraints.

But wait, that's a non-convex constraint because each lag's correlation is a linear function of h, but enforcing the maximum to be less than C is equivalent to enforcing all of them to be less than C. So, perhaps the problem can be converted into a convex form by considering each shift as a separate constraint.

So, the problem becomes:

minimize C

subject to:

for all lag in possible_lags:

     (h * (1 - shift(h, lag))) sum ≤ C * n_points

and h >=0, h <=1, sum(h) = n_points / 2.

But this would be a convex problem with linear constraints, which is linear programming if C is linear. However, the problem is that the shift operation would involve circular shifts or something, but in our case, it's a finite shift over the interval.

Wait, but in the problem, the shift is not circular; it's finite. So, for each shift k, the overlap is only over the region where both h(x) and h(x+k) are non-zero. So, the integral is over x where x and x+k are in [0,2].

This complicates things because each lag has a different overlap length. However, when discretized, each lag is represented by a different convolution.

But if we represent the problem as a linear program, maybe it can be handled.

Wait, let me formalize this.

Let’s denote h as a vector of n_points, each h_i ∈ [0,1].

The integral ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx is approximated by dx * sum(h_i * (1 - h_{i - floor(k/dx)} )) for the appropriate indices.

But because the shift can result in index out of bounds, we handle it with padding or something. But in the previous code, they use np.correlate, which pads with zeros beyond the array.

Wait, in the code, the overlap is computed as np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode="full"), which gives 2*n_points -1 values. The maximum of these, multiplied by dx, is the C₅.

So, perhaps for each lag, the correlation is a linear function of h. Therefore, the maximum of linear functions is a convex function. Wait, no: the maximum of convex functions is convex, but here, the functions are linear. So, the maximum is a convex function.

Therefore, the problem of minimizing the maximum of linear functions is a convex problem, specifically a linear minimax problem, which can be transformed into a linear program.

Yes, that's a key insight. The maximum of linear functions is convex, so the problem can be transformed into a linear program.

So, the problem can be formulated as:

minimize C

subject to:

for all lag in 0 ... 2*n_points -2:

    sum_{i=0 to n_points-1} h_i * (1 - h_{i - lag}) ) * dx <= C

But wait, the lags are symmetric around zero. So, for lag from -(n_points -1) to (n_points -1), but in the code, it's represented as 2*n_points -1 lags, starting from the negative shift to positive.

But in the np.correlate, mode="full" returns correlations for all possible shifts from -n_points +1 to +n_points -1.

Wait, perhaps the formulation can be expressed as:

For each possible shift k (from - (n_points-1) to n_points -1), the sum over i of h[i] * (1 - h[i + k]) , where h[i +k] is considered as 0 when i +k is out of bounds, is less than or equal to C.

So, for each shift k, the sum is h^T A_k h ≤ C, but actually, since (1 - h), it's h^T (1 - h) shifted by k.

But maybe another way: For each k, define a new vector s_k which is a shifted version of h. Then, the inner product h ⋅ (1 - s_k) must be ≤ C / dx.

But h ⋅ (1 - s_k) = sum h_i (1 - s_k,i). But s_k,i is h_{i -k} if i -k is within [0, n_points-1], else 0.

This can be represented as a matrix multiplication. So, for each possible k, the product h^T (e - S_k h) ≤ C, where e is a vector of ones, and S_k is a shift matrix that lags h by k.

But wait, this introduces quadratic terms, which complicates things.

Wait, I'm getting mixed up here. Let me clarify: the sum is linear in h because (1 - h) shifted is just another vector, so h ⋅ (1 - h_shifted) is quadratic in h. Therefore, each constraint is quadratic, which makes the problem non-convex.

Oops, that's a problem. Because quadratic constraints can lead to a non-convex problem, which is hard to solve.

Wait, no. For each shift k, the inner product is h ⋅ (e - S_k h), where S_k is the shift operator. So, expanding this, it's h ⋅ e - h^T S_k h.

The first term is linear in h, the second term is quadratic.

Therefore, each constraint is of the form linear - quadratic ≤ C.

But that can be rearranged to h^T S_k h ≥ linear - C.

Which complicates the form.

Hmm, perhaps another approach is needed. Maybe the problem can be transformed into a convex form by considering the sum variables differently.

Wait, another idea: Let's consider all possible overlaps. The maximum of these overlaps is the C₅ we want to minimize. Since we're dealing with a maximization, perhaps a better approach is to construct h such that all these overlapping integrals are as small as possible.

Given that the problem is non-convex, maybe an alternating approach where we first find a feasible h, then adjust it to reduce the overlaps, and repeat until convergence.

But without knowing the structure of the optimal h, this is challenging.

Wait, perhaps going back to the initial problem. The initial approach used SLSQP with random perturbations to escape local minima. Maybe the problem is that SLSQP is getting stuck in a local minimum. So, perhaps using a different optimizer or a multi-start strategy could help find a better solution.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be simplified by using a coarser discretization, but the initial problem required n_points to be fast, preferably less than 1k.

Wait, perhaps the optimal h is a binary function, where h takes only 0 or 1 values. That would simplify the problem, making it a combinatorial optimization. But in the problem, h can take values in [0,1], so it's a more general case.

Wait, another thought: since the sum of h is fixed to 1, maybe using a simplex method or other method for optimizing over the simplex could be useful. But the problem is non-linear.

Alternatively, perhaps using gradient-based methods with projective steps. For example, perform gradient descent on the parameters, and after each step, project h back onto the feasible region (sum h = 1, 0 ≤ h ≤ 1). But ensuring feasibility after each step is crucial.

Wait, that's an interesting idea. The gradient of the objective function with respect to h would be the derivative of the maximum overlap. But since the maximum is a non-smooth function, the gradients could be challenging. However, perhaps using subgradients or approximations could work.

Another idea is to approximate the problem by considering only a subset of the shifts k, rather than all possible lags. That is, sample a subset of shifts and minimize the maximum overlap over those, hoping that this approximation would lead to a good solution. This could reduce the computational complexity.

But I'm not sure if that would capture the true maximum.

Alternatively, I could model the problem as a min-max problem where I minimize the maximum of linear functions, but that's equivalent to the original formulation.

Wait, perhaps using the fact that h is a step function with few steps could help. Maybe h is piecewise constant with a few intervals. But without knowing the structure, this is speculative.

Another approach: Construct h as a combination of basis functions. For example, use a set of basis functions that can be combined to form h, and then optimize the coefficients of these basis functions. But this might not directly help with the constraints.

Wait, perhaps using a Fourier basis since the problem involves correlations, which are related to convolutions and hence Fourier transforms. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, use wavelet bases or other orthogonal bases to represent h. However, this might complicate the problem further.

Hmm, perhaps a different approach is needed. The initial method used a random perturbation strategy. Maybe instead, using a more systematic perturbation, like the Nelder-Mead simplex method, could help explore the search space better.

Another idea inspired by digital communications: the problem resembles designing a signal with low autocorrelation. Maybe using码分多址 (CDMA) techniques or Barker codes could provide some inspiration, though I'm not sure how directly applicable that is.

Wait, but Barker codes are sequences with low autocorrelation, which might be useful here. If I can construct an h that has low cross-correlation with itself shifted, that might minimize the maximum overlap.

But Barker codes are usually of limited length, and it's unclear how to map them to this continuous problem.

Alternatively, maybe using a repeating pattern that minimizes overlaps. For example, staggered pulses or something like that.

Another angle: since the sum of h is 1, perhaps h can be represented as a combination of pulse functions, each contributing a certain area. Then, the pulses are arranged in such a way that their overlaps are minimized.

But again, this is quite vague.

Wait, perhaps considering symmetry could help. Maybe the optimal h is symmetric around x=1, given the interval [0,2]. But I don't have proof of that.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal h has two pulses, one around 0 and one around 2, separated enough so that their overlaps are minimal. But this is just a conjecture.

In the end, perhaps the best approach is to stick with optimization but improve the method. Instead of SLSQP, maybe using a more powerful optimizer like Adam with proper learning rate scheduling or using a combination of global and local optimization techniques.

Wait, but in the problem, the function is likely non-convex and has many local minima. So, using a global optimization method might be necessary, but that's computationally expensive.

Alternatively, run multiple local optimizations with different initial points and keep the best solution.

But considering the time budget, I need a method that can quickly explore different regions without getting stuck.

Wait, another idea: use a convex relaxation of the problem. If I can find a convex upper bound on the objective, then optimizing that might lead to a feasible solution that approximates the true minimum.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps I can model it as minimizing the sum of overlaps plus a penalty for exceeding a certain C. But I'm not sure.

Hmm, I think the key insight is that the problem can be expressed as a convex optimization problem by considering linear constraints for each possible shift k. However, given that the number of constraints is 2*n_points -1, the problem size could be manageable for a moderate n_points.

But again, each shift introduces a constraint that is linear in h. Wait, no, the constraint involves h ⋅ (1 - h_shifted), which is quadratic.

Wait, I'm getting stuck here. Let me think differently.

If I fix all shifts except one, the maximum overlap would be for that one shift. But I need to ensure that for all shifts, the overlap is below some C.

Wait, perhaps instead of considering all shifts, I can model the worst-case shift. That is, find the shift k that maximizes the overlap, and then adjust h accordingly.

But this is not straightforward because h influences all overlaps simultaneously.

Another approach could be to use Lagrangian relaxation. Introduce a Lagrange multiplier for the maximum overlap constraint and solve the problem iteratively. But I'm not sure about the implementation details.

Alternatively, perhaps use a heuristics-based approach where I iteratively adjust h to reduce overlaps in the most problematic areas.

But without a structured approach, this could be inefficient.

Wait, maybe I can model the problem as a game where for each shift, a certain constraint is active. The optimal solution occurs when all such constraints are equi-binding, meaning that the maximum overlap is the same for several shifts. This could lead to a system of equations.

But again, without knowing which shifts are the most constraining, it's hard to implement.

Alternatively, maybe use a genetic algorithm where different h configurations are evolved to minimize the maximum overlap. But this could be too slow for the given time budget.

Hmm, perhaps I should consider that the initial h provided is a good starting point. Maybe using a higher resolution than 70 points could allow for a better solution. But within the time constraints, increasing n_points too much would slow down the optimization.

Wait, in the previous code, n_points was fixed at 100 if initial_h_values weren't provided. Maybe the initial 70-point solution is suboptimal when discretized to 100 points. Perhaps I can adjust n_points based on the initial solution.

But perhaps a better idea is to adjust n_points dynamically, starting with a coarse grid and then refining it. However, that might complicate the code and might not necessarily lead to a better solution within the time limit.

I'm stuck. Maybe I should think about the problem from a different perspective. For the step function h, how can we arrange the steps such that when shifted by any k, the overlap is minimized.

Perhaps the optimal h has steps placed in a way that their supports don't overlap much when shifted. For example, if the steps are spaced far apart, their shifted versions won't overlap. But since the total integral is 1, the steps have to cover a certain area.

Wait, let's think in terms of Fourier analysis. The overlap function is the correlation of h with 1 - h. Its Fourier transform would be the product of the Fourier transforms of h and (1 - h). But I'm not sure if this helps with the optimization.

Alternatively, using the convolution theorem: the overlap is the cross-correlation of h and (1 - h), which in the frequency domain is the product of their Fourier transforms. But again, not sure how to use this for optimization.

Maybe dual methods are needed here, but without more mathematical background, it's difficult to proceed.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the initial optimization method. Since the previous method used SLSQP with random perturbations, maybe switching to a different optimizer like L-BFGS-B or a more efficient one could help.

Alternatively, use a population-based approach where multiple candidates are optimized in parallel, increasing the chance of finding a better minimum.

Wait, considering that the problem is non-convex and has many local minima, perhaps a combination of a global optimizer for exploration and a local optimizer for exploitation could work. But implementing that within the time budget might be challenging.

Alternatively, use a basin-hopping approach, where we randomly perturb the solution and use a local optimizer (like SLSQP) each time. This is similar to what was done before but with a more systematic way of stepping.

But in the previous code, perturbations were done by adding Gaussian noise. Maybe a different perturbation strategy, like randomly flipping some h[i] values or using a Metropolis-Hastings acceptance criterion, could help.

Wait, another idea: instead of using a regular grid for h, maybe discretize the function on an adaptive grid where the steps are placed in regions of higher importance. But I'm not sure how to define the regions.

Alternatively, use a coarser grid and then interpolate. But this might not lead to a better solution.

I think I need to focus on the solver and constraints. The key is that the problem is non-convex, and finding a global minimum is hard. So, I need a method that can efficiently explore different regions of the solution space.

Perhaps using a multi-start approach with multiple initial points, each run with a local optimizer. The best solution across all runs is taken. To be efficient, each run should be short, and the number of runs balanced against the time budget.

Alternatively, consider using a convex approximation for the problem. For example, approximate the quadratic terms with linear ones under certain conditions, solve the convex problem, and then refine the solution.

But without a solid mathematical basis, this could lead to incorrect results.

Hmm, perhaps looking back at the problem, another key point is that the step function has to integrate to 1. So, it's a normalized function. Maybe using a normalized constraint in the optimization can help.

Wait, in the previous code, the constraint sum(h) == n_points / 2 is enforced by scaling after perturbation. But this can lead to clipping and might not be the most efficient way to maintain feasibility.

Perhaps using a more precise method to project h back onto the feasible region after each step would help. For example, in the case of variables constrained between 0 and 1 and summing to a constant, a proper projection method might involve sorting the variables and redistributing the excess or deficit.

But this requires detailed steps on how to project h correctly.

Alternatively, model the problem with variables y_i = h_i, subject to sum y_i = n_points / 2 and 0 ≤ y_i ≤ 1. This can be handled in the optimization by adding the constraints directly.

Wait, in the previous code, the constraint was handled via scaling after perturbation, which might not maintain feasibility correctly. Maybe instead of using scaling, use a more accurate projection.

For example, when a perturbation is added, first clip h to [0,1], then adjust the values to ensure the sum is n_points / 2. This can be done by calculating the current sum, and if it's not equal to n_points / 2, redistribute the difference proportionally or in a way that maintains the constraints.

But I'm not sure about the exact steps for this.

Another thought: Since h must sum to 1 over [0,2], in discrete terms, sum h[i] * dx = 1, which implies sum h[i] = n_points / 2. So, maintaining this constraint is crucial. If during optimization, the sum deviates, the function may become infeasible.

In the previous code, after perturbation, h was scaled to enforce the sum. But this could cause other constraints (like 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1) to be violated. So, perhaps a better way is needed.

For instance, after adding a perturbation, first clip h to [0,1], then compute the sum. If the sum is not equal to n_points/2, adjust the values proportionally or by moving the values to reach the required sum.

But this could be tricky because it involves two separate constraints: individual bounds and a global sum.

Wait, perhaps a better way is to use a quadratic programming approach where the constraints are explicitly handled. But for large n_points, that could be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, since the problem is a constrained optimization, perhaps using a interior-point method like the ones used in CVXPY could handle the constraints more efficiently than SLSQP.

But to do that, the problem would need to be expressed in a convex form, which brings me back to the earlier idea.

Wait, perhaps express the problem as:

minimize C₅

subject to:

for each lag k:

   sum_{i=0}^{n_points -1} h[i] * (1 - h[(i +k) % n_points]) <= C₅ / dx

sum h[i] = n_points / 2

0 ≤ h[i] ≤1 for all i.

But this is a quadratic constraint unless (i +k) is within the array bounds, which complicates things.

Alternatively, ignore the modulo and handle out-of-bound indices as zero-padding. Then, each lag k can be represented as a matrix multiplication, and the constraints would be linear in h, but with some terms being products of h[i] and h[j], making them quadratic.

But then, the problem is non-convex.

Hmm, perhaps the only way forward is to use a strong, efficient non-linear optimization solver with good global search capabilities. But I'm constrained by the available libraries, which include scipy's optimize functions and CVXPY with various solvers.

Alternatively, model the problem using CVXPY with the available solvers, even if the problem is non-convex, but that might not be supported. CVXPY requires problems to be convex unless using a non-convex solver, which might not be the case here.

Wait, maybe the problem can be relaxed to a convex form. For example, approximate the quadratic terms with linear ones, or use a convex upper bound.

But without knowing how, this is difficult.

Perhaps another approach is to precompute all possible shifts and model the problem using linear constraints, but again, the quadratic terms would complicate things.

I'm going in circles here. Perhaps the only way to improve is to adjust the initial starting point, use a more efficient optimization method, and ensure that the constraints are properly maintained.

Looking back, the initial code used SLSQP with random perturbations. Maybe reducing the step size or adjusting the perturbation strategy could help find a better local minimum.

Alternatively, using a different optimizer like Adam or LBFGS could provide better performance. But since these are gradient-based methods, they might not handle the constraints well.

Wait, in the code, the constraints are handled via the sum constraint and the bounds. But perhaps adding more constraints or using a different method to enforce them could help.

Another idea: Use a Lagrange multiplier method where both the constraints and the objective are combined into a single function. But implementing this correctly requires careful handling of the multipliers.

Alternatively, use penalty methods where violations of the constraints are added as penalties to the objective function.

But this might complicate the optimization process.

Hmm, perhaps try to use the initial h provided and see if using a higher n_points can lead to a better solution. For example, if initial_h_values is n=70, maybe upsample it to n=100 or 140 and optimize from there.

But this requires handling the upsampling correctly and ensuring feasibility.

Alternatively, construct a new h by combining the initial_h_values with some added structure, like adding small perturbations in a systematic way.

But I think the most feasible way to proceed, given the time, is to adjust the optimization strategy. Perhaps use a more aggressive perturbation scheme, increase the number of optimization runs, or adjust the solver's parameters to allow for more iterations.

Wait, in the previous code, the while loop runs as long as there's time, each time perturbing the best solution found so far. Maybe adjusting the perturbation magnitude or the number of perturbations could help explore the search space better.

Alternatively, use a more systematic way of perturbing, like changing one variable at a time or using a simplex method to explore the neighborhood.

But given the time, I think the best way is to try to implement a more efficient optimization method, perhaps using CVXPY with a suitable solver, even if it's not strictly convex, or to adjust the initial approach with better perturbation and optimization settings.

Wait, perhaps instead of representing h as a 1D array, use a transformation. For example, model h as a combination of basis functions like wavelets or polynomials, which might capture the necessary structure with fewer parameters. This could reduce the complexity of the problem.

But without knowing the structure of the optimal h, this is speculative.

In the end, I think the best approach is to proceed with the initial optimization strategy but with some modifications: increase the number of perturbations, adjust the perturbation magnitude, use a different optimizer, or increase the number of points. However, without knowing the exact effect of these changes, it's hard to guarantee improvement.

Perhaps using a higher n_points would allow for a more accurate representation of h, leading to a better C₅. But this would also increase the computational time.

Alternatively, use a multi-level approach where a coarse n_points is optimized first, and then refined with a higher n_points.

Given all this, I think I've explored several avenues but haven't found a clear path to a better solution. The next step is to formalize the approach into a strategy that can be implemented, focusing on optimizing the initial solution with a more efficient method or exploring the solution space more thoroughly within the time constraints.
</think>

<strategy>
1. Approach and rationale
The proposed approach refines the optimization strategy by combining convex feasibility checks with gradient-based local optimization. It leverages CVXPY for constraint handling and scipy.optimize for minimization, augmenting random restarts with controlled perturbations to escape local optima. The method employs an adaptive perturbation schedule and tight convergence checks to balance exploration and exploitation efficiently within the time budget.

2. Mathematical specification
Define h ∈ ℝ^{n_points} with constraints:
- 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1
- ∑h[i] = n_points / 2
Objective: minimize C₅ = max_k [dx * ∑h[i](1 - h[i +k])]

Formulate the problem using CVXPY for feasibility and scipy's L-BFGS-B for optimization. Use the initial_h_values if available, else start with a feasible h constructed as a uniform distribution adjusted for overlap reduction.

3. Implementation procedure
a. Initialize with provided initial_h_values or construct a feasible h starting point.
b. Set up the optimization problem with CVXPY constraints for feasibility.
c. Use scipy.optimize.minimize with L-BFGS-B for local optimization.
d. Implement adaptive perturbation strategy:
   - Begin with moderate perturbations, adjusting based on improvement rate.
   - Decrease perturbation size if recent iterations improve.
   - Increase if stagnation is detected.
e. Maintain feasibility by projecting back onto constraint set after each perturbation.
f. Track best solution and terminate gracefully when time budget is exhausted.

4. Search choices and useful variations
- Initial perturbation magnitude: 0.1, adapts based on improvement.
- Adaptive schedule adjusts every 100 iterations.
- Use of L-BFGS-B for gradient-based optimization.
- Perturbation jitter to escape plateaus.

5. Compute budget and robustness
- Initial setup: 10 seconds.
- Each optimization iteration: 0.5 seconds.
- With a 600-second budget, performs ~1000 iterations.
- Robust to perturbation failures with fallback to existing best solution.

6. Validation and return contract
- Ensure h satisfies 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 and ∑h[i] = n_points / 2.
- Validate performance using evaluate_erdos_solution.
- Return (h_values, C₅, n_points) adhering to problem constraints.
- Includes feasibility checks and best solution tracking to handle optimization failures.
</strategy>