<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The previous code used a perturbation approach with SLSQP optimization, but it didn't reach the target of 0.380876. So, I need to think of a better strategy.

First, I should understand the problem again. We need a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, and we want to minimize the maximum value of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx over all k. The current best is 0.38092, and we need to get lower.

The previous approach used perturbations around an initial guess and optimized with SLSQP. But maybe that's getting stuck in local minima. So, perhaps a different optimization strategy or a better initial guess could help.

Let me think about the lessons from earlier attempts. The first lesson was to use SLSQP with equality constraints, which the previous code already does. So that's already in place. But maybe the initial guess is not good enough. The initial_h_values provided might be suboptimal. Maybe starting from a different initial guess could lead to better results.

Another idea: maybe using a different optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP, but maybe a genetic algorithm or a more global optimization method could escape local minima. However, given the time constraints (100 seconds), genetic algorithms might be too slow. Alternatively, maybe using a different parameterization of the problem.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. So, it's a minimax problem. The previous code uses a local optimization approach, which might not find the global minimum. Perhaps using a more global search strategy, like simulated annealing or Bayesian optimization, could help. But with the time budget, it's challenging.

Alternatively, maybe we can model this as a convex optimization problem. However, the max function makes it non-convex. So, perhaps we can approximate it by considering multiple k values and trying to minimize the maximum among them. But how?

Another thought: the overlap integral for different k's. The maximum over k is what we need to minimize. So, perhaps we can sample several k's and try to minimize the maximum of their integrals. But how to choose which k's to consider?

Alternatively, maybe we can use a different approach to construct h. For example, using a periodic function or a piecewise constant function with certain symmetries. Since the problem is on [0,2], maybe a function that's symmetric or has certain periodic properties could help.

Wait, the current initial guess is given as initial_h_values with n=100 samples. Maybe starting from that is not the best. Perhaps generating a better initial guess could help. For example, using a more optimal initial configuration, like a function that's designed to minimize overlap.

Another idea: the problem resembles a covering problem. We want h(x) to be 1 where possible, but not too much, so that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. Maybe a greedy approach where we try to place the 1s in h such that they don't overlap too much with their shifts.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem? Maybe using a binary optimization approach, but since h is a step function, it's discrete. However, the problem allows for continuous values between 0 and 1.

Wait, the previous code uses a continuous optimization approach with SLSQP. Maybe adding more constraints or using a different objective function could help. For example, instead of just minimizing the maximum integral, perhaps we can use a penalty method that penalizes large integrals for various k's.

Alternatively, since the maximum is over all k, maybe we can approximate it by considering a finite set of k's. For example, in the previous code, the evaluation uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. But perhaps considering only a subset of k's could simplify the problem. However, this might not capture the true maximum.

Another angle: the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For each k, this is the overlap between h and the shifted 1 - h. To minimize the maximum of these overlaps, we need h to be as "spread out" as possible. So, maybe a function that is 1 in intervals spaced apart, but with some overlap.

Wait, the Erdős problem is about the minimum maximum overlap, so maybe the optimal h is a periodic function with certain properties. For example, if h is a square wave with certain period, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

But how to design such a function? Let's think. Suppose we divide the interval [0,2] into intervals where h is 1 and 0, such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, if h is 1 on [0, a], [b, c], etc., but this might be complex.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, but with the total integral being 1. For example, if we have two intervals of length 0.5 each, but that might not be optimal.

But since the problem allows for continuous values between 0 and 1, maybe a better approach is to use a function that is 1 in some regions and 0 in others, with smooth transitions. However, the previous code uses a step function, so maybe the initial guess is already a step function.

Wait, the problem says to represent h as n_points samples over [0,2], so it's a step function. So, the function h is piecewise constant, with each interval between samples being a constant value.

So, perhaps the key is to find the best way to set the values of h at each sample point such that the maximum overlap integral is minimized.

Another idea: since the integral is over all x, maybe we can model this as a convolution. The overlap integral for a particular k is the convolution of h and (1 - h) evaluated at k, scaled by dx. So, the maximum of these convolutions is what we need to minimize.

But how to optimize this? The previous code uses a local optimization approach, which might not be sufficient. Maybe using a more global approach, like a genetic algorithm, could help. However, with the time constraints, it's challenging.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess. For example, instead of starting from the initial_h_values provided, maybe generate a better initial guess by using a more optimal configuration.

Wait, the initial_h_values are provided, but maybe they are not the best. Let's think about how to generate a better initial guess. For example, if we can create a function that is 1 in certain regions and 0 in others, such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a method similar to the one used in the previous code but with more perturbations and better exploration.

Wait, the previous code uses perturbations with decreasing noise scale. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the perturbation strategy could help. Also, maybe using different initial guesses for each perturbation.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method instead of SLSQP, which might handle bounds better. Or using a different solver like SLSQP with different parameters.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (200), but maybe increasing that number could lead to better results. However, with the time budget, it's important to balance between the number of iterations and the time taken.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate, which might be computationally expensive. Maybe precomputing the necessary values or using a more efficient method could help.

Wait, the evaluation of C5 is done by taking the maximum of the convolution. For each k, the integral is the convolution of h and (1 - h) at position k, multiplied by dx. So, the maximum over all k.

But how many k's are there? For a function defined on [0,2], the possible shifts k would range from -2 to 2. However, the convolution with mode 'full' gives all possible shifts. But since the function is defined on [0,2], the actual shifts that matter are those where the overlap is non-zero.

But perhaps the maximum occurs at certain specific k's. For example, k=0.5, 1.0, etc. So, maybe focusing on optimizing for those specific k's could be more efficient.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum over all k, perhaps we can approximate this by considering a finite set of k's and trying to minimize the maximum among them. However, this could miss the true maximum.

Another idea: the problem resembles a covering problem where we want to cover the interval [0,2] with h(x) such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. So, perhaps using a greedy algorithm to place the 1s in h to avoid overlaps with their shifts.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? Maybe using a heuristic where we iteratively adjust the values of h to reduce the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, using a different parameterization. For example, instead of using a step function with n_points samples, maybe using a different representation, like a Fourier series, to model h. However, this might complicate the optimization.

Another approach: since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So, maybe the optimal h is a function that is 0.5 everywhere, but that would give an overlap integral of 0.5 * 0.5 = 0.25 for any shift. However, this is not possible because the integral would be 1, but the function would be constant 0.5, leading to C5 being 0.25. But this contradicts the current record of 0.38, so perhaps there's a mistake here.

Wait, no. If h(x) is 0.5 everywhere, then 1 - h(x + k) is also 0.5. The integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx would be 0.5 * 0.5 * 2 = 0.5. So, the maximum would be 0.5, which is worse than the current record. So, that's not helpful.

Hmm. So, maybe the optimal h is not uniform. It needs to be more spread out.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that is as "spread out" as possible, so that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. This is similar to the concept of a "spread out" function in signal processing.

Perhaps using a function with multiple intervals where h is 1, spaced apart so that their shifts don't overlap much. For example, if we have two intervals of length 0.5 each, spaced apart by some distance. But how to calculate the optimal spacing?

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals of length a, with spacing between them. Let's say we have m intervals. The total integral would be m * a = 1, so a = 1/m. The spacing between intervals would need to be chosen to minimize the maximum overlap.

But this is a very simplified model. The actual optimal function might have more complex structure.

Given that the previous approach didn't reach the target, perhaps the key is to use a better initial guess. For example, using a function that is designed to minimize overlap, such as a function with multiple intervals spaced apart.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate solutions, where each solution is a vector of h values. The fitness function is the maximum overlap integral. Then, evolve the population over generations to find better solutions.

But with the time budget of 100 seconds, a genetic algorithm might be feasible if the population size and generations are limited. However, implementing this would require careful tuning of parameters.

Another idea: using a different optimization method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients. However, this might be slower than SLSQP.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, start with a perturbation approach, then use a local optimization to refine the solution.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to improve the initial guess and the optimization process.

Let me think about the previous code. It starts with the initial_h_values, then performs perturbations and optimizes. The problem might be that the initial guess is not good enough. So, perhaps generating a better initial guess could help.

How can I generate a better initial guess? Maybe by using a more optimal construction. For example, using a function that is 1 on intervals spaced apart. Let's say, for n_points=100, divide the interval [0,2] into 5 intervals of length 0.4 each, spaced in such a way that their shifts don't overlap much. But how?

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on certain points and 0 elsewhere, but with the integral constraint. For example, if we have m intervals of length 1/m each, spaced apart. But this is getting too vague.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on a set of points that are spread out. For example, placing 1s in h at positions that are as far apart as possible. But this is similar to a greedy approach.

But since the problem allows for continuous values between 0 and 1, perhaps a better initial guess is to use a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, but with smooth transitions. However, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to design.

Another idea: since the current code uses SLSQP with equality constraints, maybe adding more constraints or using a different optimization strategy. For example, using a penalty method where the objective function includes penalties for large overlaps.

Alternatively, using a different way to compute the maximum overlap. Instead of taking the maximum over all k, maybe approximate it by considering a subset of k's. For example, only considering k values that are multiples of some step size. This could reduce the computational cost and allow for more iterations.

But how to choose which k's to consider? Maybe the maximum occurs at certain specific k's, such as k=0.5, 1.0, etc. So, focusing on those could help.

Another approach: using a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate, which might be computationally expensive. Perhaps precomputing the necessary values or using a more efficient method.

Alternatively, using a different way to compute the overlap integral. For example, for each k, compute the integral by iterating over the samples and calculating the overlap. This might be more efficient for certain cases.

But given that the previous code uses np.correlate, which is optimized in C, it's probably already efficient. So, maybe that's not the bottleneck.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (200), but maybe increasing that number could lead to better results. However, with the time budget, it's important to balance between the number of iterations and the time taken.

Alternatively, using a different perturbation strategy. For example, instead of adding random noise, using a more structured perturbation, such as shifting the function or varying certain parts of it.

Another idea: using a multi-start approach, where multiple different initial guesses are tried, and the best solution is selected. This could help avoid local minima.

But how to generate different initial guesses? Maybe by using different random seeds or by generating initial guesses based on different patterns.

In the previous code, the initial guess is fixed as initial_h_values. Maybe generating a better initial guess by using a more optimal construction could help. For example, using a function that is 1 on certain intervals spaced apart.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's challenging. However, perhaps I can create an initial guess by dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and setting h to 1 in certain parts.

For example, if I divide [0,2] into m equal intervals, and set h to 1 in some of them. The total integral would be the number of intervals set to 1 multiplied by their length. For example, if I have m=5 intervals of length 0.4 each, and set two of them to 1, the integral would be 0.8, which is less than 1. So, perhaps adjusting this.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals of varying lengths. But this requires careful calculation.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on a single interval of length 1, but that would give an integral of 1. However, when shifted, the overlap would be larger.

Hmm. This seems complicated. Maybe the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a better initial guess and improve the optimization process.

Let me think about the previous code. It starts with the initial_h_values, then performs perturbations and optimizes. The problem might be that the initial guess is not good enough. So, perhaps generating a better initial guess by using a different method.

For example, creating an initial guess that is a step function with multiple intervals spaced apart. Let's say for n_points=100, divide the interval into 5 intervals of length 0.4 each, and set h to 1 in two of them, but adjust the lengths to meet the integral constraint.

Wait, the integral must be 1. So, if we have m intervals where h is 1, each of length l, then m*l = 1. For example, if m=5, then l=0.2. But how to arrange them to minimize overlap?

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart by a certain distance. For example, placing intervals at positions [0, 0.5], [1.0, 1.5], etc. But this is just a guess.

But how to translate this into an initial guess for the code? Perhaps by creating a function that is 1 in certain regions and 0 elsewhere, then interpolating it to the n_points samples.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initial guess based on known optimal solutions. However, since the current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876, perhaps there's a known construction that could be used as an initial guess.

But without access to that, I have to proceed with what's available.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations and varying the perturbation strategy could help. For example, using different types of perturbations, such as flipping certain samples or adjusting them in a structured way.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for each perturbation. For example, using a different solver for each iteration.

But given the time constraints, it's important to keep the code efficient.

Another thought: the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations (300). Maybe reducing the number of iterations and increasing the number of perturbations could lead to better results. Or vice versa.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, such as the L-BFGS-B method, which is suitable for bound-constrained problems.

But how to decide which method to use? The previous code uses SLSQP, which handles equality constraints well. Maybe using L-BFGS-B with the equality constraint handled via a penalty term.

Alternatively, using a different approach to handle the equality constraint. For example, adding a penalty term to the objective function to enforce the sum constraint.

But the previous code already uses an equality constraint with SLSQP, which is more accurate.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed phase decay for the noise scale. Maybe varying the noise scale in a different way, such as using a larger initial noise and decreasing it more slowly, to explore the solution space more thoroughly.

Alternatively, using a different perturbation strategy, such as randomly selecting subsets of the h values to perturb, rather than adding noise to all of them.

In summary, the key improvements could be:

1. Using a better initial guess.
2. Improving the perturbation strategy.
3. Using a different optimization method or parameters.
4. Focusing on specific k's to minimize the overlap.

Since the previous code starts with the initial_h_values, perhaps generating a better initial guess could help. For example, using a function that is 1 in certain intervals spaced apart.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to create such a function. However, perhaps I can create an initial guess by dividing the interval into equal parts and setting h to 1 in certain parts.

For example, for n_points=100, divide [0,2] into 100 intervals of length 0.02. Then, set h to 1 in certain intervals to meet the integral constraint. Let's say, for example, set h to 1 in 50 intervals, each of length 0.02, giving an integral of 50 * 0.02 = 1.0. But this would make h(x) = 1 for half the interval, leading to a high overlap when shifted.

This is not helpful. So, perhaps a better approach is needed.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So, maybe the optimal h is a function that is 0.5 everywhere, but this leads to a higher overlap. So, that's not helpful.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 in certain regions and 0 in others, but with a smooth transition. For example, a function that is 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, with the integral being 1.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to create such a function.

Perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different initial guess. For example, using a function that is 1 in certain intervals spaced apart. Let's say, for n_points=100, create an initial guess where h is 1 in intervals of length 0.2, spaced 0.4 apart. This would give an integral of 0.2 * (number of intervals). For example, if there are 5 intervals, each of length 0.2, spaced 0.4 apart, the total length would be 5 * 0.2 + 4 * 0.4 = 1 + 1.6 = 2.6, which exceeds the interval [0,2]. So, this is not feasible.

Alternatively, spacing intervals of length 0.2 with spacing of 0.2 between them. This would give a total length of 0.2 * m + 0.2 * (m-1) = 0.4m - 0.2. To fit within [0,2], 0.4m - 0.2 ≤ 2 → m ≤ 5.25. So, m=5 intervals would give total length 0.4*5 -0.2 = 1.8, which is less than 2. So, the remaining 0.2 can be distributed as additional intervals or adjusted.

This is getting too complicated. Perhaps it's better to proceed with modifying the existing code to use a different initial guess.

Another idea: the initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point, but perhaps it's better to generate a different initial guess by using a more optimal construction. For example, using a function that is 1 in certain positions to minimize overlap.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's challenging. So, perhaps the best approach is to proceed with the existing code but make some modifications to improve the initial guess and the optimization process.

Let me think about the previous code again. It uses a fixed number of perturbations (200), and for each perturbation, it adds noise to the current best solution and then optimizes. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a different perturbation strategy, such as using a larger initial noise and then decreasing it over time. For example, starting with a larger noise scale and gradually reducing it to fine-tune the solution.

Another idea: instead of using random noise, use a more structured perturbation, such as shifting the function or varying certain parts of it. For example, flipping certain samples or adjusting them in a way that explores the solution space more effectively.

But implementing this would require more complex code.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for each perturbation. For example, using a different solver for each iteration.

But given the time constraints, it's important to keep the code efficient.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (300) for each optimization. Maybe reducing the number of iterations and increasing the number of perturbations could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a different stopping criterion for the optimization, such as stopping when the improvement is below a certain threshold.

In conclusion, the main improvements to consider are:

1. Using a better initial guess.
2. Improving the perturbation strategy.
3. Adjusting the optimization parameters to allow for more thorough exploration.

Since the initial guess is provided as initial_h_values, perhaps it's better to use that as the starting point. However, if that's not optimal, generating a different initial guess could help.

Another idea: use a different initial guess by creating a function that is 1 in certain intervals spaced apart. For example, for n_points=100, divide the interval into 5 intervals of length 0.4 each, and set h to 1 in two of them, but adjust the lengths to meet the integral constraint.

But how to calculate this? Let's say we have m intervals where h is 1, each of length l. The total integral is m*l = 1. So, l = 1/m. For example, if m=5, l=0.2. So, we can set h to 1 in 5 intervals of length 0.2, spaced apart. But how to arrange them?

For example, placing the intervals at positions [0, 0.2], [0.6, 0.8], [1.2, 1.4], [1.8, 2.0], and [0.4, 0.6]. Wait, but this might overlap. It's complicated.

Alternatively, placing the intervals at positions [0, 0.2], [0.4, 0.6], [0.8, 1.0], [1.2, 1.4], [1.6, 1.8]. This gives 5 intervals of length 0.2, spaced 0.2 apart. The total length is 5 * 0.2 = 1.0, which is less than 2. So, the remaining 1.0 can be filled with other intervals or adjusted.

But this is getting too involved. Perhaps it's better to proceed with modifying the existing code.

Let me think about the code again. The previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations and optimizes each time. To improve this, perhaps increasing the number of perturbations and varying the noise scale.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed phase decay, use a different decay rate or a different noise scale strategy. For example, using a larger initial noise scale and decreasing it more slowly.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (300) for each optimization. Maybe reducing the number of iterations and increasing the number of perturbations could lead to better results.

In addition, the previous code uses SLSQP, which might be too slow. Perhaps using a different optimization method, such as L-BFGS-B, which is faster for bound-constrained problems.

But how to handle the equality constraint? The equality constraint is that the sum of h is fixed. So, perhaps using a penalty method where the objective function includes a penalty term for deviations from the sum constraint.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method with the equality constraint as before.

Another idea: the previous code evaluates the objective function as the maximum of the convolution. Perhaps approximating this maximum by considering only a subset of k's, which could reduce the computational cost and allow for more iterations.

For example, instead of evaluating all k's, evaluate only k=0.5, 1.0, 1.5, etc., which are the most likely to cause overlap.

But how to determine which k's to evaluate? This requires domain knowledge, which I don't have.

In conclusion, the main changes to the code would be:

1. Increase the number of perturbations to explore more of the solution space.
2. Adjust the noise scale strategy to allow for more exploration initially.
3. Use a different optimization method or parameters to improve convergence.
4. Possibly evaluate only a subset of k's to reduce computational cost.

Now, translating these ideas into code.

The previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (200), and for each, adds noise scaled by phase_shift * phase_decay^perturbation_idx. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations to 500 and adjusting the phase_decay to allow for more exploration.

Also, using a different optimization method, such as L-BFGS-B, which is faster for bound-constrained problems.

But how to handle the equality constraint? The previous code uses SLSQP with an equality constraint. If switching to L-BFGS-B, the equality constraint would need to be handled via a penalty term in the objective function.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method with the same constraint.

Another idea: using a different initial guess. For example, creating an initial guess where h is 1 in certain intervals spaced apart.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to implement. However, perhaps using a simple initial guess where h is 1 in the first half of the interval and 0 in the second half. This would give an integral of 1.0, but the overlap would be higher.

But this is not helpful. So, perhaps the best approach is to proceed with the existing code but make adjustments to the perturbation strategy and optimization parameters.

So, the modified code would:

- Use more perturbations (e.g., 500 instead of 200).
- Use a larger initial noise scale and a slower decay.
- Use a different optimization method or parameters.

But how to implement this?

Let me outline the changes:

- Increase num_perturbations to 500.
- Increase phase_shift to 0.5.
- Decrease phase_decay to 0.9, so that the noise scale decreases more slowly.
- Use a different optimization method, such as L-BFGS-B, which is faster for bound-constrained problems.

However, the previous code uses SLSQP with an equality constraint. If we switch to L-BFGS-B, we need to handle the equality constraint via a penalty term.

Alternatively, use SLSQP with the same constraints but adjust the parameters.

Another idea: use a different way to compute the objective function. For example, instead of using np.correlate, compute the maximum overlap by iterating over possible k's.

But this would be slower.

In conclusion, the modified code would increase the number of perturbations and adjust the noise scale parameters to explore more of the solution space, while using the same optimization method with adjusted parameters.

So, the final code would look something like this:

Increase num_perturbations to 500, increase phase_shift to 0.5, decrease phase_decay to 0.9. Also, increase the number of iterations in the optimization to allow for better convergence.

But I need to make sure that the code runs within the 100-second budget.

Another idea: use a multi-start approach with different initial guesses. For example, generate multiple initial guesses based on different patterns and optimize each one.

But this would require more computational resources.

In the end, the best approach is to modify the existing code to increase the number of perturbations and adjust the noise scale parameters to allow for more exploration, while using the same optimization method with adjusted parameters.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Parameters for perturbation
    num_perturbations = 500
    phase_shift = 0.5
    phase_decay = 0.95
    
    current_best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
        # Adaptive noise magnitude based on phase
        noise_scale = phase_shift * (phase_decay ** perturbation_idx)
        
        # Generate perturbed guess
        perturbed = current_best_h + np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, n_points)
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Optimization with SLSQP
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 300}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```