<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used a method with initial guesses and SLSQP optimization, but maybe there's a better way.

First, I should understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, for each shift k, we compute this integral and take the maximum. Our task is to minimize this maximum value.

The previous approach used a variety of initial guesses and then perturbed them with SLSQP optimization. However, maybe there are better optimization strategies or different initializations that could lead to better results. Also, the previous code might be getting stuck in local optima, so maybe a different approach is needed.

Hmm. Let's think about possible improvements. One idea is to use a different optimization algorithm. The previous code used SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization method could help escape local minima. However, global optimization is computationally expensive, but since the time budget is 100 seconds and there are 10 CPUs, perhaps parallelization could help.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem or a scheduling problem where we need to arrange the function h such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. Maybe there's a way to model this with a more structured approach, like using Fourier analysis or some other mathematical technique. But since the user is an expert in harmonic analysis, maybe that's a path. However, the problem requires numerical optimization, so perhaps combining analytical insights with numerical methods could help.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess can be improved. The previous code used initial_h_values with n=100 samples. Maybe starting with a different structure, like a more optimal pattern, could lead to better results. For example, using a pattern that's symmetric or has certain periodicity.

Another angle: the overlap integral can be seen as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This is equivalent to the maximum over k of the integral of h(x) - h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) is 1, the first term is 1. So the overlap integral is 1 minus the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Wait, no: the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx is equal to the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. The first integral is 1, so the overlap integral is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. So, the problem becomes maximizing the minimum of these cross-correlation terms.

But how does that help? Maybe we can think of this as a problem of arranging h to have high cross-correlation with itself for as many shifts as possible, but that seems conflicting. Wait, no. Wait, the overlap integral is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. So to minimize the maximum overlap integral, we need to maximize the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. So, the problem is equivalent to maximizing the minimal cross-correlation between h and its shifted versions.

But how to approach this numerically? Maybe using a different optimization formulation. The previous code uses SLSQP with constraints, but perhaps using a different method like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing could be better. However, those methods are more computationally intensive and might not fit within the time budget.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization approach. For example, using a gradient-based method with better hyperparameters. The previous code used SLSQP with ftol=1e-12 and maxiter=500. Maybe adjusting these parameters could help, but it's unclear.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a binary optimization problem where h(x) is a step function. However, since the function is continuous (as it's represented by samples), maybe there's a way to model this with a more structured approach, like using a piecewise constant function with certain intervals. For example, using a pattern that divides the interval [0,2] into equal parts and assigns h(x) to be 1 or 0 in those parts. However, the previous code already tried some interval-based initial guesses.

Wait, but the current best is achieved with a certain pattern. Maybe the optimal h is a combination of intervals where h is 1 or 0, but with some overlapping. However, the problem allows h to take any value between 0 and 1, not just binary. So maybe a more optimal solution is achieved by having h take intermediate values.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral depends on the maximum over k, perhaps we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we minimize the maximum of several terms. However, this is a min-max problem, which is challenging. One approach is to use a penalty method, where we minimize the maximum by adding a penalty for exceeding the desired value. But this is again a numerical optimization problem.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to balance the overlaps for different shifts. However, this might not be straightforward.

Let me think about the previous code's approach. It uses a variety of initial guesses and then perturbs them with SLSQP. However, the initial guesses might not be optimal. For example, the initial_h_values could be a good starting point, but maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses. For instance, using a more optimal pattern based on known results or mathematical constructions.

Wait, the current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38092. The target is 0.380876. So, the improvement needed is about 0.00004. That's a very small margin. Therefore, the optimization needs to be very precise. The previous code might not have found the optimal solution because it's stuck in a local minimum. Therefore, perhaps a better approach is needed.

What if we use a different optimization algorithm, such as a genetic algorithm, which can explore the search space more thoroughly? However, genetic algorithms are computationally expensive. But with the given time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, maybe it's feasible. However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimization method. For example, using the BFGS method with a line search, or using a trust-region method. However, the previous code used SLSQP, which is a constrained optimization method. Maybe adjusting the optimization parameters, such as increasing the number of iterations or using a different solver.

Wait, the previous code uses scipy's minimize with SLSQP. Maybe using a different solver, like COBYLA, which handles bounds but not general constraints. Or using a different method altogether.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, perhaps we can use a formulation where we minimize the maximum value by adding constraints. For example, we can introduce a variable t and minimize t subject to the constraints that for all k, ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx ≤ t. However, this is a semi-infinite optimization problem because there are infinitely many k's. But since we are working with discrete samples, we can approximate the integral by evaluating it at the sampled points. However, the exact evaluation of the integral for all k is computationally expensive. 

But in the code, the evaluation uses np.correlate, which computes the cross-correlation. The maximum of these correlations multiplied by dx gives the overlap integral. So, for each h, we compute the cross-correlation and take the maximum. Therefore, the problem can be seen as minimizing the maximum of these cross-correlation values.

So, the problem is to find h that minimizes the maximum cross-correlation with its shifted versions. 

Now, considering that, perhaps the key is to find a h that has low cross-correlation with its shifts. This is similar to the concept of a "good" sequence in coding theory, where sequences have low autocorrelation. However, in this case, it's not exactly the same because we are dealing with a continuous function over [0,2], but the sampled version is used.

In coding theory, sequences with low autocorrelation are used in things like radar and communications. For example, the Barker codes have low autocorrelation. However, these are discrete sequences. Maybe we can adapt such ideas here. For example, using a sequence that has low cross-correlation with its shifts. However, the function h is continuous, so it's not directly applicable.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that is periodic with certain properties. For example, a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Another approach: since the integral is over [0,2], and the function is periodic (due to the shift k), perhaps considering the function on a torus. However, I'm not sure how that would help.

Let me think about the previous code's initial guesses. It uses interval-based patterns with different numbers of intervals. For example, two intervals of length 0.5, three intervals of length 1/3, etc. Maybe the optimal solution is not based on such simple interval patterns. Perhaps a more complex pattern with varying intervals or overlapping regions would be better.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of multiple intervals, but with varying lengths and positions. For example, a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, but arranged in a way that the overlaps when shifted are minimized.

But how to find such a pattern? It's not obvious. Maybe using a more sophisticated initial guess, such as a function that is designed to have low cross-correlation with its shifts.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to a binary optimization problem, where h(x) is 0 or 1, but with the integral constraint. However, the previous code allows h(x) to take any value between 0 and 1, so maybe allowing intermediate values can lead to better results.

Another thought: the problem's constraints are that the integral of h is 1. So, the average value of h is 0.5. Therefore, the function h is a probability distribution over [0,2]. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the expected value of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). So, we want to minimize the maximum expected value of this product.

This seems similar to a problem in probability where we want to minimize the maximum probability of certain events. However, I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Perhaps another approach is to consider the dual problem. Since the overlap integral is the maximum over k of ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx, and we want to minimize this maximum. Let's denote this maximum as C5. Then, we can think of this as a game between two players: one chooses h to minimize C5, and the other chooses k to maximize the integral. Our goal is to find the h that minimizes this game's value.

In game theory terms, this is a minimax problem. However, solving such problems analytically is challenging, so numerical methods are needed.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a greedy approach. Start with an initial guess and iteratively adjust h to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, for each shift k, compute the current overlap integral, and adjust h to reduce the largest overlap. However, this is a heuristic and may not converge to the optimal solution.

Alternatively, using a gradient descent approach. Compute the gradient of the maximum overlap integral with respect to h, and adjust h in the direction that reduces the maximum. However, the maximum is a non-smooth function, so the gradient may not be straightforward to compute. Also, the maximum could be achieved at multiple k's, making the gradient calculation complex.

But perhaps using a subgradient method. However, implementing this would require careful handling of the max function.

Another angle: considering that the overlap integral for a particular k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Let's expand this: ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx = 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, the overlap integral is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. So, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over all k. Therefore, the problem becomes finding h that maximizes the minimal cross-correlation with its shifts.

This seems like a more manageable formulation. So, we can think of it as maximizing the minimum cross-correlation between h and its shifted versions. 

But how to model this? For a given h, we can compute the cross-correlation for all k and take the minimum. Then, our goal is to maximize this minimum value. 

This is a maximin problem. To solve this, we can use optimization techniques that handle such problems. However, the challenge is that the minimum over k is a non-differentiable function, making it difficult for gradient-based methods.

Perhaps using a penalty method where we add a penalty for the minimum cross-correlation being too low. However, this is again a numerical optimization problem.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective optimization approach where we try to balance the cross-correlations for different k's. But again, this is not straightforward.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code's method. The previous code uses a variety of initial guesses and perturbations with SLSQP. To improve upon this, maybe we can:

1. Use a more efficient optimization algorithm. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradients and can handle non-smooth functions. However, it's slower than gradient-based methods.

2. Use a better initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might not be optimal. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses based on known patterns or mathematical constructions could help.

3. Adjust the hyperparameters of the optimization, such as the number of iterations, perturbation steps, and noise scales.

4. Use a different way to evaluate the overlap integral. For example, instead of using np.correlate, compute the integral more accurately by considering the exact positions of the samples.

Wait, in the current code, the overlap integral is computed as np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full') * dx. However, the np.correlate function computes the cross-correlation, which for mode 'full' gives all possible shifts. However, the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx for a given k would be the value at position k in the cross-correlation. However, the exact correspondence between the cross-correlation and the integral depends on the sampling. 

But since the function is sampled at n_points points with dx = 2.0 / n_points, the cross-correlation is computed over the discrete samples. Therefore, the maximum value of the cross-correlation multiplied by dx gives the maximum overlap integral. 

So, the current code is correct in that aspect. 

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of initial guesses, generate more initial guesses based on different patterns. For example, using a combination of intervals, symmetric patterns, and random patterns. Also, perhaps using a more sophisticated method to generate initial guesses, such as based on known optimal solutions for similar problems.

But since the user has access to the initial_h_values, which is the current construction, maybe starting from that and perturbing it with different methods could help. 

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (1000), but perhaps using a larger number of perturbations with varying noise scales could explore the search space better. Also, using a different perturbation strategy, such as adding noise to specific regions of the function.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to guide the search. However, implementing Bayesian optimization would require more complex code and might be time-consuming.

Another possible improvement: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a different objective function that encourages the overlaps to be balanced. For example, minimizing the sum of the overlaps raised to some power, which could lead to a more uniform distribution of overlaps. However, this is just a heuristic.

Alternatively, using a multi-start optimization approach with different initial guesses and combining the results. The previous code does this by generating multiple initial guesses and perturbing them. However, perhaps generating even more initial guesses could help, especially if the initial guesses are more diverse.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, use a global optimization method like differential evolution. Differential evolution is a population-based algorithm that can explore the search space more thoroughly. However, it's more computationally intensive. But with the given time budget and 10 CPUs, maybe it's feasible.

Let me think about implementing differential evolution. The differential evolution algorithm works by maintaining a population of candidate solutions and iteratively improving them through mutation, crossover, and selection. This could potentially find better solutions than local optimization methods.

But how to implement this in the given code structure? The previous code uses minimize with SLSQP. Replacing that with a differential evolution approach could be an improvement. However, the constraints (sum(h) = target_sum) need to be handled. Differential evolution can handle constraints by using bounds and penalty functions.

So, the plan is:

1. Generate a diverse set of initial guesses, including the initial_h_values and other patterns.

2. Use differential evolution to optimize each initial guess, with the constraints that the sum of h is fixed.

3. Track the best solution found during the optimization process.

4. Use parallel processing to evaluate multiple candidates simultaneously, given the 10 CPUs.

However, the previous code uses a single-threaded approach. To utilize multiple CPUs, perhaps using multiprocessing or parallel processing. However, the code is supposed to run on a single machine with 10 CPUs, but the code needs to be written in a way that can utilize them. However, the code as written is single-threaded. To make it parallel, we could use multiprocessing, but that might complicate things.

Alternatively, since the code is supposed to be run with the given budget, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method like differential evolution could find better solutions in the same time.

So, modifying the previous code to use differential evolution instead of SLSQP. Let me think about the steps:

- The objective function is the maximum overlap integral, which is computed as the maximum of the cross-correlation values multiplied by dx.

- The constraints are that the sum of h is equal to target_sum.

- Differential evolution can handle the constraints by using bounds and a penalty function for the constraint violation.

However, the differential evolution in scipy.optimize.differential_evolution allows for bounds and can handle constraints via the constraints parameter. But the constraints need to be formulated as equality or inequality constraints.

Alternatively, since the sum constraint is an equality constraint, we can use the method 'SLSQP' with the constraints, but that's what the previous code does. However, differential evolution might be better for exploring the search space.

But implementing differential evolution with the constraints would require careful handling. Let me think: the differential evolution algorithm can be used with bounds, and the constraint sum(h) = target_sum can be enforced by scaling the solution after mutation and crossover. However, this is not straightforward. Alternatively, we can use a penalty function to penalize solutions that don't meet the sum constraint.

But this might be computationally expensive. Another approach is to use a transformation that ensures the sum constraint is satisfied. For example, using a softmax-like transformation to ensure the sum is fixed. However, this might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, during the mutation and crossover steps, we can ensure that the sum of the solution is adjusted to meet the target_sum. However, this requires modifying the differential evolution steps, which is not straightforward.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to stick with the previous method but improve the optimization parameters and initial guesses.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (1000), but maybe using a larger number of perturbations with varying noise scales could lead to better exploration. Also, using a more diverse set of initial guesses, such as including more complex patterns or using a different initial guess based on known optimal solutions.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess that is based on a known construction. For example, the current best solution might be based on a specific pattern that is not covered by the initial guesses in the previous code.

Another thought: the previous code uses a variety of interval-based patterns, but maybe the optimal solution is not based on intervals. Perhaps using a more complex pattern, such as a combination of intervals and intermediate values, could lead to better results.

In conclusion, to improve upon the previous code, I should:

- Use a different optimization algorithm, such as differential evolution, which can explore the search space more thoroughly.

- Generate more diverse initial guesses, including patterns that are not based on intervals.

- Adjust the hyperparameters of the optimization, such as the number of iterations and perturbations.

- Use a more efficient way to evaluate the overlap integral.

However, implementing differential evolution might be complex. Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimizer with better parameters.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (1000), but perhaps using a larger number of perturbations with different noise scales could lead to better results. Also, using a different perturbation strategy, such as adding noise to specific regions of the function.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to guide the search, but that would require more complex code.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code's method by:

- Using a more efficient optimization method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients and can handle non-smooth functions.

- Increasing the number of initial guesses and perturbations.

- Adjusting the noise scales and perturbation parameters.

So, modifying the previous code to use a different optimization method, such as Nelder-Mead, and increasing the number of perturbations.

But how to implement this in the code? Let me think.

The previous code uses minimize with SLSQP. Changing the method to 'Nelder-Mead' might be an option. However, Nelder-Mead doesn't handle constraints well. The constraints are that the sum of h is fixed. So, perhaps we can use a penalty method, where the objective function includes a penalty for violating the sum constraint.

Alternatively, we can use a transformation to ensure the sum constraint is satisfied. For example, during the optimization, after each step, we can scale the solution to meet the sum constraint. This is a common technique in constrained optimization.

So, modifying the objective function to include a penalty for the sum constraint violation. For example, the objective function could be the maximum overlap integral plus a penalty term for the sum constraint. However, this might not be effective if the penalty is too small or too large.

Alternatively, during the optimization, after each iteration, we can scale the solution to meet the sum constraint. This would require modifying the optimization steps.

But how to implement this in scipy's minimize function? It's not straightforward. Perhaps using a different approach.

Another idea: since the sum constraint is an equality constraint, we can use the method 'SLSQP' with the constraint, which is what the previous code does. However, perhaps adjusting the optimization parameters, such as increasing the maximum number of iterations, or using a different tolerance.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method with better convergence properties.

In the previous code, the optimization is done for each perturbed guess, and the best solution is tracked. To improve this, perhaps using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses and perturbations.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed number of perturbations, using a larger number of perturbations with varying noise scales and different initial guesses.

In conclusion, the plan is to:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.

2. Generate a diverse set of initial guesses, including interval-based patterns, symmetric patterns, periodic patterns, and random guesses.

3. For each initial guess, perform an optimization using a more efficient method, such as SLSQP with adjusted parameters, or a different method like differential evolution.

4. Track the best solution found during the optimization process.

5. Use a larger number of perturbations and varying noise scales to explore the search space more thoroughly.

6. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for more iterations and better convergence.

Now, implementing this in code. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Perhaps increasing the max_iterations and adjusting the ftol parameter could help.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (1000), but perhaps using more perturbations with different noise scales could lead to better results.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of perturbations, use a larger number and vary the noise scales. For example, start with larger noise scales to explore the search space and then reduce them as the optimization progresses.

But given the time budget, it's important to balance exploration and exploitation.

Another possible improvement: using a different initial guess based on a known optimal solution. For example, if there's a known construction that achieves a lower C5 value, using that as the initial guess could lead to better results.

However, since the user hasn't provided such a construction, I'll proceed with the existing initial_h_values.

Putting this all together, the modified code would:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses.

- Use a more efficient optimization method.

- Adjust the optimization parameters.

- Track the best solution found.

Now, implementing this in code. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Perhaps increasing the max_iterations and adjusting the ftol could help. Also, using a different initial guess generation.

But how to generate more diverse initial guesses? The previous code includes interval-based patterns, symmetric patterns, periodic patterns, and random guesses. Maybe adding more patterns, such as those based on known optimal solutions for similar problems.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated method to generate initial guesses, such as using a greedy algorithm to place intervals to minimize the overlap.

However, this is complex. Given time constraints, perhaps sticking to the previous initial guesses but increasing the number of initial guesses and perturbations.

Another idea: using a different optimization method for each initial guess. For example, using a local optimizer like SLSQP for each initial guess, but with different parameters.

In the previous code, the optimization is done for each perturbed guess, and the best solution is tracked. To improve this, perhaps using a larger number of perturbations and varying noise scales.

So, the final plan is to modify the previous code by:

- Increasing the number of initial guesses.

- Using a larger number of perturbations with varying noise scales.

- Adjusting the optimization parameters to allow for more iterations and better convergence.

- Using a different optimization method, such as Nelder-Mead, if possible.

But given that the previous code uses SLSQP, perhaps adjusting the parameters would be sufficient.

Now, writing the code. The previous code has a function run that generates initial guesses and then perturbs them. The code uses minimize with SLSQP. To improve, perhaps increasing the number of iterations and adjusting the ftol.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (1000), but perhaps using more perturbations with varying noise scales could help.

Another possible improvement: using a different way to compute the overlap integral. For example, instead of using np.correlate, compute the integral manually for each k. However, the current method is correct.

So, the final code would be similar to the previous one, but with adjustments to the optimization parameters and initial guesses.

Now, implementing this in code. The code will generate more initial guesses, use a larger number of perturbations, and adjust the optimization parameters.

The code will also track the best solution found during the optimization process.

Now, writing the code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def generate_interval_guess(n_points, intervals):
    h = np.zeros(n_points)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    for start, end in intervals:
        for i in range(n_points):
            if start <= i*dx <= end:
                h[i] = 1.0
    # Adjust to meet the sum constraint
    total = np.sum(h)
    if total == 0:
        return h
    scale = (n_points / 2) / total
    return h * scale

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Generate diverse initial guesses
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess.copy()]
    
    # Add interval-based patterns
    intervals_2 = [(0.0, 0.5), (1.0, 1.5)]
    initial_guesses.append(generate_interval_guess(n_points, intervals_2))
    # Three intervals of length 1/3
    intervals_3 = [(0.0, 0.6667), (0.6667, 1.3333), (1.3333, 2.0)]
    initial_guesses.append(generate_interval_guess(n_points, intervals_3))
    # Four intervals of length 0.5
    intervals_4 = [(0.0, 0.5), (0.5, 1.0), (1.0, 1.5), (1.5, 2.0)]
    initial_guesses.append(generate_interval_guess(n_points, intervals_4))
    # Single interval of length 1
    intervals_1 = [(0.5, 1.5)]
    initial_guesses.append(generate_interval_guess(n_points, intervals_1))
    
    # Add symmetric pattern
    symmetric = np.zeros(n_points)
    for i in range(n_points):
        symmetric[i] = 1.0 if i < n_points//2 else 0.0
    initial_guesses.append(symmetric)
    # Add periodic pattern
    periodic = np.zeros(n_points)
    for i in range(n_points):
        periodic[i] = 0.5 + 0.5 * np.sin(2 * np.pi * i / n_points)
    initial_guesses.append(periodic)
    # Add random guesses
    for _ in range(5):
        guess = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
        guess = guess * (target_sum / np.sum(guess))
        initial_guesses.append(guess)
    
    # Optimization parameters
    max_iterations = 500
    perturbation_count = 2000
    noise_scales = [0.2, 0.1, 0.05, 0.02, 0.01, 0.005]
    
    for perturb_idx in range(perturbation_count):
        # Select a guess
        if perturb_idx < len(initial_guesses):
            perturbed = initial_guesses[perturb_idx].copy()
        else:
            # Generate a new perturbation based on best_h
            scale_idx = perturb_idx // (perturbation_count // len(noise_scales))
            noise_scale = noise_scales[scale_idx % len(noise_scales)]
            noise = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, n_points)
            perturbed = best_h + noise
            perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
            current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
            scale = target_sum / current_sum
            perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-12, 'maxiter': max_iterations}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```