<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used SLSQP optimization with some perturbations, but maybe there's a better approach.

First, I should understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k is minimized. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h, multiplied by dx.

The previous code starts with an initial guess and then perturbs it, using SLSQP. But maybe that's getting stuck in local optima. How can I improve this?

The lessons mentioned that using SLSQP with equality constraints is helpful. The previous code already does that. So maybe the issue is the initial guess or the optimization parameters.

Another thought: maybe using a different optimization method or a different way to parameterize the problem. For example, maybe using a genetic algorithm or a different heuristic. But given the time budget, maybe that's not feasible. Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization approach, like a trust-region method or a different solver.

Wait, the previous code uses scipy's minimize with SLSQP. Maybe the problem is that the objective function is non-convex, and SLSQP isn't finding the global minimum. Maybe trying a different optimization method, like COBYLA or another constrained method, could help. Or perhaps using a different initial guess.

Another idea: the initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which might be a suboptimal starting point. Maybe generating multiple initial guesses with different patterns could help avoid local minima. For example, using a random initial guess or a more structured one.

Also, the previous code does some perturbations after finding a local minimum. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the perturbation strategy could help. But the code already does that with 200 perturbations, which might be too much for the time budget.

Wait, the time budget is 100 seconds. The previous code might be taking too long with multiple optimizations. Maybe reducing the number of iterations per optimization or using a more efficient method.

Another approach: maybe using a different parameterization. For example, instead of a step function, maybe using a piecewise linear function or another structure. But the problem requires a step function, so that's not applicable.

Alternatively, maybe using a Fourier-based approach. Since the problem involves cross-correlation, which is related to convolution in the frequency domain. But I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points). Maybe trying different n_points could help. For example, using a smaller n_points (like 100) as the initial guess, but maybe trying larger n_points could lead to better results. However, larger n_points would take more time to optimize.

Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred because they are faster. The initial code uses n_points=100. Maybe keeping n_points small is better for speed.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed dx (2.0 / n_points). Maybe varying the dx or using a different discretization could help, but I think the problem requires a fixed dx based on n_points.

Let me think about the optimization process. The objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. The cross-correlation between h and 1-h for different shifts k. The maximum of these values is what we need to minimize.

The previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe adding more constraints or using a different optimization strategy could help. For example, using a penalty method or a different solver.

Alternatively, maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the search space more efficiently. But implementing that might be complex.

Another observation: the current code's perturbation phase might not be effective. Maybe instead of adding random noise, using a more structured perturbation, like shifting parts of the function or adjusting certain intervals.

Wait, the initial guess is based on initial_h_values. Maybe generating a better initial guess could help. For example, using a more optimal initial configuration, like a periodic function or a specific pattern that's known to be good for similar problems.

Alternatively, perhaps using a greedy algorithm to construct h. For example, starting with a uniform distribution and iteratively adjusting regions to reduce the maximum overlap.

But how to implement that? Maybe not straightforward.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a dual approach. For example, trying to balance the overlaps across different shifts. But I'm not sure how to translate that into an optimization problem.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. The initial code uses 10 initial guesses, each with a small perturbation. Then, it does 200 perturbations on the best solution found. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or varying the perturbation magnitude could help.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed phase_shift of 0.15 and decays it by 0.96 each time. Maybe adjusting these parameters could lead to better exploration.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method for the perturbations. For example, using a simpler method like gradient descent with momentum, but that's not available in scipy's minimize.

Another thing: the previous code uses the same objective function for all optimizations. Maybe the objective function could be modified to prioritize certain shifts or use a different metric. But the problem requires minimizing the maximum, so the objective is correct.

Hmm. Perhaps the main issue is that the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. To address this, maybe using a different initial guess strategy. For example, generating multiple initial guesses with different patterns, such as alternating high and low values, or using a more structured approach.

Alternatively, maybe using a different solver. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization method like differential evolution, but that might be too slow for the time budget.

Wait, the problem allows using any of the solvers in scipy.optimize, including COBYLA, SLSQP, etc. Maybe trying a different solver could help. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds, but that's a local optimizer as well.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: first using a global optimizer to find a good initial guess, then refining with SLSQP. But again, time is a constraint.

Another thought: the current code's perturbation phase might not be effective because it's using the same objective function each time. Maybe varying the objective function during perturbations could help, but that's not straightforward.

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to compute the cross-correlation. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. But perhaps there's a more efficient way to compute this, or to vectorize the computation to speed things up.

Wait, the cross-correlation for all shifts k can be computed as the convolution of h with the reversed 1-h. But I'm not sure if that helps here.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can use a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to minimize the maximum value across all shifts. However, this is essentially what the current code is doing.

Hmm. Let me think about the previous code's results. The previous best was 0.380966. The target is 0.380876. So there's a small gap. Maybe by improving the initial guess or the optimization process, we can get closer.

Perhaps the initial guess is not optimal. The initial_h_values might be a suboptimal starting point. Maybe generating a better initial guess could help. For example, using a known good configuration for similar problems or a more optimal construction.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess strategy, such as a random permutation of values or a more structured pattern.

Another approach: since the problem involves a step function, maybe the optimal h is piecewise constant with certain intervals. Perhaps using a genetic algorithm to evolve such a function, but again, time is a constraint.

Alternatively, maybe using a simulated annealing approach, but again, implementing that might be complex.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code. For example, increasing the number of initial guesses, adjusting the perturbation parameters, or using a different optimization method.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations (500 for initial guesses, 300 for perturbations). Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help, but that would take more time. Alternatively, reducing the number of iterations but using a better initial guess.

Another idea: using a different initial guess. For example, instead of perturbing the initial_h_values, generate a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint. Maybe this could lead to better exploration.

Alternatively, using a more structured initial guess, like a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that balances the overlaps.

But how to create such a function? For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 1 or 0, ensuring the integral is 1. However, this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a function that has a certain periodicity, like a sine wave, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

But again, this is speculative. Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to improve the initial guesses and the perturbation phase.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. The initial code uses 10 initial guesses, each with a small perturbation. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help, but that would take more time. Alternatively, using a different perturbation strategy, like adding noise with varying magnitudes.

Another idea: during the perturbation phase, instead of using the same objective function, maybe using a different metric. For example, focusing on specific shifts that are contributing the most to the maximum value.

But how to identify those shifts? That might require additional computation.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method for the perturbations. For example, using a local optimizer with different settings.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed dx, but maybe using a different discretization could help. However, the problem requires a fixed dx based on n_points.

Hmm. Let me consider the following: the previous code's best result was 0.380966. To reach 0.380876, we need to reduce the maximum overlap by about 0.00009. This is a small improvement, so the optimization needs to be very precise.

Perhaps the issue is that the optimization is getting stuck in a local minimum. To address this, maybe using a different initial guess, such as a random one, could help. For example, generating multiple random initial guesses and optimizing them.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with tighter tolerances, but that might not help if the problem is non-convex.

Another idea: using a different way to compute the cross-correlation. The current code uses np.correlate, which might not be the most efficient. Maybe precomputing the cross-correlation values for all shifts and using a more efficient method.

Wait, the cross-correlation for all shifts can be computed as follows: for each shift k, the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. But since the function is defined on [0,2], the shifts k that are within [0,2] would be the ones that matter. However, the current code uses mode 'full', which includes all possible shifts, but perhaps we can limit the shifts to those within [0,2].

But I'm not sure. The current code computes the cross-correlation for all possible shifts, which might include shifts that are outside the domain. However, the integral is over the overlapping region. So maybe the code is correct.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses a fixed dx, which is 2.0 / n_points. The sum of h must be n_points / 2. So the code ensures that by scaling.

Now, thinking about the code structure, perhaps the main issue is that the perturbation phase isn't effective enough. Maybe instead of doing 200 perturbations, doing fewer but more aggressive ones. Or using a different perturbation strategy.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method for the perturbations. For example, using a simpler method like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method. Maybe using a combination of methods could help.

Another idea: using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the 1-h values and reusing them. But the current code already does that.

Hmm. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different initial guess strategy, increase the number of initial guesses, and adjust the perturbation parameters.

So, here's a plan:

1. Use a different initial guess strategy, such as generating random initial guesses that satisfy the sum constraint.
2. Increase the number of initial guesses to explore more of the search space.
3. Adjust the perturbation parameters, such as using larger initial noise and decaying it more slowly.
4. Use a different optimization method, like COBYLA or another constrained solver.
5. Reduce the number of iterations per optimization to save time, but ensure sufficient convergence.

But how to implement this in code?

Let me think. The previous code uses initial_h_values as the starting point. Maybe generating random initial guesses could help. For example, generating multiple random step functions that satisfy the integral constraint.

So, in the code, instead of perturbing the initial_h_values, generate random initial guesses. For example, for each initial guess, randomly assign values to h[i] such that the sum is n_points / 2.

But how to generate such random guesses? For example, for each initial guess, generate a random array where each element is 0 or 1, then adjust to meet the sum constraint. However, this might not be efficient.

Alternatively, generate a random array with values between 0 and 1, then scale it to meet the sum constraint. This is what the previous code does for perturbed guesses.

So, perhaps generating more initial guesses with different random seeds could help. The previous code uses 10 initial guesses, but maybe increasing that number could help.

Another idea: using a different perturbation strategy. For example, instead of adding uniform noise, using a more targeted perturbation, like flipping certain intervals of the function.

But again, this is complex to implement.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed phase_shift of 0.15. Maybe reducing this value could lead to more fine-grained perturbations, but it might also lead to slower convergence.

Alternatively, using a larger initial phase_shift and then decaying it, allowing for more exploration early on.

Putting this all together, here's a modified approach:

- Generate more initial guesses (e.g., 20 instead of 10) with random perturbations.
- Use a larger initial phase_shift for the perturbation phase, allowing for more exploration.
- Use a different optimization method, like COBYLA, which might handle the constraints better.
- Reduce the number of iterations per optimization to save time, but ensure that the optimization is thorough enough.

But I need to check which solvers are available. The problem allows using any of the solvers in scipy.optimize, including COBYLA, SLSQP, etc.

So, modifying the code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP might help. Let me think: COBYLA is a derivative-free method, which might be better for non-smooth problems. However, the objective function here is smooth, so SLSQP might be better. But if the problem is getting stuck in local minima, COBYLA might find a better solution.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods.

Another idea: using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds, which is a gradient-based method. But again, it's a local optimizer.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to generate more initial guesses, use a different perturbation strategy, and possibly change the optimization method.

So, in code:

- Increase the number of initial guesses to 20.
- Use a larger initial phase_shift (e.g., 0.2) and a slower decay (e.g., 0.98).
- Use a different optimization method, like COBYLA, for the initial guesses and perturbations.

But how to implement this? Let's adjust the code accordingly.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 100. Maybe keeping n_points at 100 is better for speed.

Another thing: the previous code's perturbation phase might not be effective enough. Maybe instead of doing 200 perturbations, doing fewer but more aggressive ones.

Alternatively, using a different way to generate perturbations, like shifting parts of the function.

But given time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use more initial guesses and adjust the perturbation parameters.

So, here's the plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point, but also generate additional random initial guesses.
- For each initial guess, perform optimization with SLSQP.
- In the perturbation phase, use a larger initial noise and slower decay.
- Use a different optimization method, like COBYLA, for some of the optimizations.

But I need to code this.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (500 for initial guesses, 300 for perturbations). Maybe reducing these numbers to save time, but ensuring that the optimization is sufficient.

In conclusion, the modified code would:

- Generate more initial guesses.
- Use a different perturbation strategy with larger initial noise.
- Possibly use a different optimization method.
- Adjust the number of iterations and perturbations to fit within the time budget.

Now, translating this into code changes.

The previous code uses 10 initial guesses. Let's increase that to 20.

For the perturbation phase, increase the initial phase_shift to 0.2 and decrease the decay to 0.98, allowing for more exploration.

Also, perhaps using a different optimization method, like COBYLA, for some of the optimizations.

But I need to check if COBYLA is available. Yes, scipy.optimize has COBYLA.

So, modifying the code to use COBYLA for some optimizations.

But how to decide which method to use? Maybe using SLSQP for the initial guesses and COBYLA for the perturbations, or vice versa.

Alternatively, using SLSQP for all optimizations.

Another idea: using a combination of methods. For example, using SLSQP for the initial guesses and then using COBYLA for the perturbations.

But this requires more code.

Alternatively, just using SLSQP with adjusted parameters.

In any case, the main changes would be:

- More initial guesses.
- Larger initial perturbations.
- Adjusted decay rate.
- Possibly different optimization method.

So, here's the revised code:

Increase the number of initial guesses to 20, use a larger phase_shift (0.2) and slower decay (0.98), and possibly adjust the number of perturbations.

Also, perhaps reducing the number of iterations per optimization to save time.

Let me code this.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Generate multiple initial guesses
    num_initial_guesses = 20
    initial_guesses = []
    for _ in range(num_initial_guesses):
        # Random initial guess with uniform distribution
        perturbed = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        initial_guesses.append(perturbed)
    
    # Optimize each initial guess
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Optimization with SLSQP
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 300}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    
    # Perturbation phase on the best_h found so far
    num_perturbations = 150  # Reduced from 200
    phase_shift = 0.2
    phase_decay = 0.98
    
    for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
        noise_scale = phase_shift * (phase_decay ** perturbation_idx)
        noise = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, n_points)
        perturbed = best_h + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Optimization with SLSQP
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 200}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```