<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous approach used a perturbation-based optimization with SLSQP, but maybe there's a better way.

First, I need to understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The challenge is to find a function h that makes this maximum as small as possible.

The previous code starts with an initial guess and then perturbs it, optimizing each time. But maybe that's getting stuck in local minima. Perhaps a different approach would be better. Let me think about possible strategies.

One idea is to use a more global optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a genetic algorithm or a particle swarm optimization could explore the search space more thoroughly. However, those might be slower, but with the given time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, maybe it's feasible.

Alternatively, maybe a better initial guess could help. The initial_h_values provided might not be the best starting point. Maybe generating a better initial guess by considering some known structures or patterns that could minimize the overlap.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that avoids overlapping with its shifted versions. So, maybe a function that is periodic or has certain symmetry properties. For example, a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged in a way that shifts don't cause too much overlap.

But since it's a step function, maybe a piecewise constant function with certain intervals. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 1 or 0, such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Another approach is to model this as an optimization problem with constraints. The previous code uses SLSQP, but maybe using a different solver or adjusting the optimization parameters could help. For instance, using a more robust solver like IPOPT or another method that handles constraints better.

Wait, the user mentioned that they can use scipy, numpy, and various solvers like CVXOPT, Gurobi, etc. Maybe using a different optimization framework, like a mixed-integer programming approach, but that might be too slow for large n_points.

Alternatively, maybe using a gradient-based method with better step sizes or momentum. The previous code uses a perturbation approach, which might not be efficient.

Another idea: the overlap integral can be viewed as a convolution. The maximum over k of the convolution of h and 1 - h. So, perhaps the problem is related to minimizing the maximum value of this convolution. Maybe there's a way to model this as a convolutional problem and use some properties of convolutions to find a better h.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem? Maybe using Fourier analysis. The convolution theorem states that the Fourier transform of the convolution is the product of the Fourier transforms. However, since we're dealing with maximum over k, which corresponds to the maximum of the convolution, perhaps there's a way to bound this using Fourier methods. However, I'm not sure how to directly apply that here.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts, maybe we can model this as a minimax problem. The goal is to minimize the maximum of the integral over all shifts. This seems like a challenging problem, but perhaps using a more sophisticated optimization approach.

Another angle: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations and reduces the noise scale over time. Maybe instead of perturbing the current best, we could use a population-based approach where multiple candidate solutions are evolved over time, similar to genetic algorithms. This could help escape local optima.

But implementing a genetic algorithm might be complex. Let me think about the constraints. The function h must be a step function with integral 1. So, each h is a vector of values between 0 and 1, with sum equal to n_points / 2.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem. We want h to be such that when shifted, the overlap with 1 - h is minimized. So, perhaps designing h to have a certain structure that spreads out the 1s and 0s in a way that shifting them doesn't cause much overlap.

For example, if h is a periodic function with certain period, but since the domain is [0,2], maybe a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. However, since the integral must be 1, the total area under h is 1, so for n_points samples, the sum of h is n_points / 2.

Wait, for n_points samples, dx is 2 / n_points, so the integral is sum(h) * dx = 1. So sum(h) must be n_points / 2.

So, for example, if n_points is 100, sum(h) is 50. So the function is 50% 1s and 50% 0s, but arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

But how to arrange them? Maybe using a pattern that avoids overlapping when shifted. For example, if the function has a certain periodicity, like a square wave, but with a specific duty cycle.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals of length L and 0 elsewhere, arranged such that when shifted by k, the overlap is minimized. However, the exact arrangement would need to be optimized.

But perhaps the previous approach of using a step function with a certain pattern can be improved by trying different initial guesses. For example, starting with a function that has a more optimal structure, like a sinusoidal-like pattern or a more complex arrangement.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe we can model this as a bilevel optimization problem. The outer problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, and the inner problem is to find the shift k that maximizes the overlap. However, solving such a problem is computationally intensive.

Alternatively, since the maximum is over all k, perhaps we can approximate this by considering a finite set of k values. For example, considering k in a grid of values, and then optimizing for those k's. However, the original problem requires considering all possible k, which is continuous. But perhaps for the purpose of optimization, considering a discrete set of k's could be a way to approximate the maximum.

But how to integrate this into the optimization? Maybe the previous approach of using the correlation function is already doing that, as the np.correlate function with mode 'full' gives the convolution for all possible shifts.

Wait, the code uses np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), which for a function h of length n_points, gives a result of length 2n_points - 1. The maximum of this is the maximum overlap integral. So the code is correctly computing the maximum overlap.

So the problem is to find h that minimizes this maximum value.

Now, thinking about the previous code's approach: it starts with an initial guess and then perturbs it, optimizing each time. But perhaps this is not sufficient. Maybe a better approach is to use a more global optimization method, such as simulated annealing, or a more sophisticated local optimization with better parameters.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might not be the best starting point. For example, maybe a better initial guess is a function that is 1 on intervals spaced in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Another idea: the Erdős problem is related to the concept of "covering" or "avoiding" overlaps. For example, in the case of C_5, perhaps the optimal function has a certain structure that can be derived from known results or heuristics.

But since the user is asking for an improved upper bound, perhaps the key is to find a better initial guess and optimize it more effectively.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. It uses 200 perturbations, each with decreasing noise scale. The optimization uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a different optimization method could help.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, instead of starting with the initial_h_values, perhaps generating a better initial guess by using a more structured approach.

For example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into equal parts and set h to 1 in certain intervals. For instance, if we have n_points = 100, then each interval is 0.02 units long. If we set h to 1 in intervals that are spaced apart so that shifting them doesn't cause much overlap. For example, if we have intervals of length 0.2, spaced 0.2 apart, but that might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a pattern that is more spread out. For example, a function that is 1 for a certain fraction of the interval and 0 otherwise, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. This is similar to a binary code with certain properties, like a code with maximum correlation.

But how to translate that into a step function with integral 1?

Another approach: since the integral of h is 1, and the function is over [0,2], perhaps the function can be thought of as a probability distribution. The overlap integral is then the expected value of (1 - h(x + k)) when x is sampled according to h. So, we want to minimize the maximum over k of this expectation.

This is similar to designing a distribution that has low maximum correlation with its shifted versions. This might relate to concepts in signal processing, like designing a signal with low autocorrelation.

In signal processing, the ideal autocorrelation function is a delta function, but here we're dealing with cross-correlation between h and 1 - h. So, perhaps designing h to have low cross-correlation with its shifted versions.

But how to do that? Maybe using a function that is aperiodic and has a certain structure. For example, a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged to minimize overlap.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of multiple intervals, each spaced apart so that their shifts don't overlap much.

But how to find such a function? Maybe using a genetic algorithm where the fitness is the maximum overlap integral, and the individuals are the h vectors. However, implementing this might be complex, but given the time budget, perhaps manageable.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimization approach. For example, using a trust-region method or a conjugate gradient method with better parameters.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations, but perhaps varying the number of perturbations or using a different strategy for generating perturbations could help. For example, instead of decreasing the noise scale exponentially, maybe using a different decay rate or varying the perturbation direction.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach where multiple initial guesses are tried, each with different perturbations, and the best result is kept.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the most effective way is to improve the initial guess and optimize it more effectively.

So, perhaps the previous code's initial guess is not optimal. Let me think about what the initial_h_values might look like. If it's a simple step function, maybe it's not the best. For example, maybe a better initial guess is a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, but spaced such that their shifts don't overlap. For example, if the function is 1 on [0, 0.5], [1.0, 1.5], etc. But this is just a guess.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals that are spread out as much as possible. For example, for n_points=100, the function could be 1 on every other sample, but that would give a sum of 50, which meets the integral requirement. However, this might not be optimal.

But how to generate such a function? Maybe using a random permutation of 1s and 0s, ensuring the sum is correct. But that might not be the best approach.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal function has a certain symmetry. For example, if the function is symmetric around 1.0, then shifting it by 1.0 would give the same function, but since the integral is 1, this might not hold. Alternatively, maybe the function has certain periodic properties.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts, perhaps focusing the optimization on those shifts. For example, if we can identify the shifts that contribute the most to the maximum, we can prioritize minimizing those.

But how to identify those shifts without knowing the optimal h? It's a chicken-and-egg problem.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations and decreases the noise scale. Maybe instead of using a fixed number, we could use a more adaptive approach, where we keep track of the best solution found so far and perturb around it, but with varying noise scales.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method which handles bounds and constraints well. Or using a different solver like SLSQP with adjusted parameters.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with ftol=1e-9 and maxiter=300. Maybe increasing the maxiter or adjusting the tolerance could help find a better solution. But that might take more time.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, instead of starting with the initial_h_values, perhaps generating a better initial guess by using a more optimal structure.

For example, if we consider that the optimal function should have a certain number of 1s and 0s arranged to minimize overlap. For instance, if we can find a pattern where the 1s are spaced out as much as possible, then shifting them would result in less overlap.

But how to generate such a pattern? Maybe using a greedy approach: placing 1s in positions that minimize the current maximum overlap. However, this would be a heuristic and might not lead to the optimal solution.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated approach like simulated annealing. But implementing that would require more code.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a better initial guess and improve the optimization parameters. For example, starting with a different initial guess, such as a function that is 1 on intervals spaced in a way that reduces overlap.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradients and might escape local minima better.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method. Maybe switching to a different method could help.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe instead of perturbing the current best, we could use a population-based approach where multiple candidates are evolved, and the best is selected. However, implementing this might be complex.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral. The current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient, but maybe there's a way to vectorize the computation or use other optimizations.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a better initial guess and improve the optimization parameters. For example, using a different initial guess generated by a more optimal pattern.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess generated by a random permutation of 1s and 0s, ensuring the sum is correct. For example, for n_points=100, randomly selecting 50 positions to be 1 and the rest 0, then optimizing from there.

But how to generate that? Well, the initial_h_values might be a random guess, but perhaps a better initial guess could be generated by a more structured approach.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 0.2, spaced 0.4 apart. For example, for n_points=100, each interval is 0.02 units long, so 10 intervals of 0.2 units would require 10 * 10 = 100 samples. But this is just a guess.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal function has a certain number of 1s and 0s arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, if the function is a binary sequence with certain properties, like a Barker code, which has low autocorrelation. However, Barker codes are for specific lengths and might not directly apply here.

But if we can find a binary sequence with low maximum correlation, that could be a good starting point. For example, a Barker code of length 5 has autocorrelation values of 1, 0, -1, 0, 1. However, this is for a specific length and may not fit the integral constraint.

Alternatively, using a binary sequence with maximum correlation minimized. For example, a sequence where the number of 1s is half the length, and the autocorrelation is minimized. This is similar to the problem of designing a binary sequence with certain properties.

But how to generate such a sequence? It might require some research or heuristics.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess but with a better structure. For example, starting with a random permutation of 1s and 0s, then optimizing from there.

But given that the previous code starts with initial_h_values, which might not be optimal, perhaps generating a better initial guess could help.

In conclusion, the main ideas for improvement are:

1. Use a better initial guess, perhaps generated by a more optimal structure or random permutation.
2. Improve the optimization method, perhaps by using a different solver or adjusting parameters.
3. Use a more global optimization approach, such as simulated annealing or genetic algorithms.
4. Adjust the perturbation strategy to explore the search space more effectively.

Considering the time budget and the need for code that can run within 100 seconds, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different initial guess and optimize it more effectively. For example, starting with a random initial guess and using a more efficient optimization method.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, such as the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints well.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe instead of perturbing the current best, we could use a multi-start approach where multiple initial guesses are tried, each with different random perturbations.

But given the time, perhaps the most feasible improvement is to use a better initial guess and optimize it more effectively. For example, using a different initial guess generated by a more structured approach, and then using a more efficient optimization method.

So, let's think about generating a better initial guess. For example, instead of the initial_h_values provided, perhaps generate a random initial guess with 50% 1s and 50% 0s, but arranged in a way that minimizes the initial overlap. However, generating such a guess might be computationally intensive.

Alternatively, using a simple pattern, like alternating 1s and 0s. For example, for n_points=100, h[i] = 1 if i is even, 0 otherwise. This would give sum(h) = 50, meeting the constraint. Then, the overlap integral for shifts would be calculated. This might not be optimal, but it's a starting point.

But how to implement this? Well, the initial_h_values might already be something like that, but perhaps the user's initial_h_values is a different pattern.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess with 50% 1s and 50% 0s. For example, generating a random binary vector with sum 50, then optimizing from there.

But how to generate that? Well, in Python, we can do something like:

import numpy as np
n_points = 100
h = np.random.choice([0, 1], size=n_points, p=[0.5, 0.5])
h = h * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h)  # adjust to meet the sum constraint?

Wait, no. The sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. So if we generate a random binary vector with exactly 50 ones and 50 zeros, then sum(h) is 50. For example:

h = np.zeros(n_points)
h[:50] = 1
np.random.shuffle(h)

This would give a binary vector with exactly 50 ones. However, this might not be the best initial guess, but it's a possibility.

So, perhaps the previous code's initial guess is not the best, and using a different initial guess could lead to better results.

Putting this together, the plan is:

- Generate a better initial guess, such as a random binary vector with exactly 50 ones.
- Use a more efficient optimization method, such as COBYLA or another solver.
- Adjust the perturbation strategy to explore the search space more effectively.
- Use a multi-start approach to try different initial guesses.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to modify the previous code to use a different initial guess and optimize it more effectively.

Another idea: the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a different solver could help. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with higher maxiter.

Alternatively, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is suitable for bound-constrained problems.

So, modifying the code to use a different optimization method and parameters.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (200), but maybe using more perturbations or varying the perturbation strategy could help.

In conclusion, the steps to improve the code are:

1. Use a better initial guess, such as a random binary vector with exactly 50 ones.
2. Use a more efficient optimization method, such as L-BFGS-B or COBYLA.
3. Increase the number of iterations or adjust the optimization parameters.
4. Use a multi-start approach with different initial guesses.

Now, translating this into code.

First, generating a better initial guess. Let's assume that the initial_h_values provided might not be the best. So, we can generate a random binary vector with exactly 50 ones.

But how to do that in code? For example:

n_points = 100
h = np.zeros(n_points)
h[:50] = 1
np.random.shuffle(h)

But this would create a binary vector with 50 ones. However, the previous code uses initial_h_values, which may be different. But the user says that the initial_h_values are available, so maybe we can start with that, or generate a better one.

Alternatively, combining the initial guess with a random perturbation.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different initial guess and optimize it more effectively.

So, modifying the code to use a random initial guess, and then optimize it with a better method.

But the user's previous code uses initial_h_values. So, perhaps the initial_h_values is a good starting point, but maybe not. However, the user says that the initial_h_values are provided, so we can use them.

Alternatively, generating a better initial guess by using a more optimal structure.

But without knowing what the initial_h_values are, it's hard to say. However, the user says that the previous code starts with initial_h_values, which may not be optimal.

In any case, the main idea is to improve the optimization process.

So, modifying the previous code to:

- Use a different initial guess (like random binary vector)
- Use a different optimization method (like L-BFGS-B)
- Increase the number of iterations
- Use a multi-start approach

But given the time constraints, perhaps the most feasible change is to use a different initial guess and optimize it with a better method.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe instead of perturbing the current best, we could use a multi-start approach where multiple initial guesses are tried, each with different random perturbations.

But with the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method which is faster and handles bounds well.

So, modifying the code to use 'L-BFGS-B' instead of 'SLSQP'.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations, but maybe using a larger number of perturbations with smaller noise scales could help explore the search space better.

In conclusion, the revised code would:

- Use a better initial guess (random binary vector)
- Use a different optimization method (L-BFGS-B)
- Adjust the optimization parameters (increase maxiter, adjust tolerance)
- Use a multi-start approach with different initial guesses

But given the time, perhaps the best way is to modify the previous code to use a different initial guess and optimize it with a better method.

So, here's the plan for the code:

- Generate a random initial guess with 50% 1s and 50% 0s.
- Use the 'L-BFGS-B' method for optimization.
- Increase the number of iterations.
- Use a multi-start approach with multiple initial guesses.

But how to implement this within the time budget?

Alternatively, using the previous code's structure but changing the initial guess and optimization method.

So, the final code would look something like this:

Import necessary libraries, generate a better initial guess, use a different optimization method, and adjust parameters.

But since the user's previous code uses initial_h_values, perhaps we can start with that, but generate a better initial guess.

Alternatively, combining the initial guess with a random perturbation.

But given the time, I'll proceed to write the code with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 100  # Use 100 points for efficiency
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    # Generate a better initial guess: random binary vector with exactly 50 ones
    initial_h = np.zeros(n_points, dtype=np.float64)
    initial_h[:50] = 1.0
    np.random.shuffle(initial_h)
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_h.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Parameters for multi-start optimization
    num_starts = 10  # Try 10 different initial guesses
    max_iter_per_start = 100  # Limit iterations per start to save time
    
    for _ in range(num_starts):
        # Perturb the initial guess slightly to avoid local minima
        perturbed = initial_h + np.random.uniform(-0.05, 0.05, n_points)
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Optimization with L-BFGS-B for better convergence
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'maxiter': max_iter_per_start, 'ftol': 1e-9}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```