<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. So I need to find a better solution than the previous one, which achieved 0.381142.

The previous code uses optimization methods like SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. It starts with some initial guesses, like sine and square waves, and then refines them. But maybe there's a way to improve this approach.

Hmm. Let me think about the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0, 2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap when shifted by any k is minimized. The overlap integral is calculated as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx, and we need to maximize this over all k. Our task is to minimize this maximum.

So the key is to design h that, when shifted, overlaps as little as possible with itself. This is similar to creating a function that has minimal autocorrelation, except it's a bit different because it's integrating against 1 - h(x + k).

The previous approach uses local optimization with various starting points. Maybe we can try different optimization strategies or improve the initial guesses.

Another idea: perhaps using a more structured initial guess. The initial h_values given might have some pattern that isn't optimal. Maybe generating a better initial guess could lead to better results. For example, using a piecewise constant function with more varied intervals or a more optimal structure.

Also, the optimization methods used before are SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. Maybe combining them differently or adjusting their parameters could help. For example, using a hybrid approach where we first do a global search with differential evolution and then refine with a local method.

Wait, the previous code does some differential evolution followed by SLSQP. Maybe that's okay, but perhaps we can try different mutations or populations. Also, maybe using a different method for refinement, like using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm or others.

Another angle: the current code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points). The problem says that smaller sequences are preferred, as they are faster to optimize. The initial_h_values have n_points=45. Maybe trying with different n_points could help. But since the user prefers smaller n_points, perhaps reducing it? Wait, the problem says "smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred". So maybe using a smaller n_points, like 30 or 40, could be better. But then the integral constraint sum(h) = n_points / 2 needs to hold.

But the initial code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is fixed. However, the user says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So maybe we can't change the n_points, but perhaps the initial_h_values can be modified in some way.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given as a global variable. The code imports it. So the user is using that as a starting point. So maybe the initial_h_values isn't optimal, and we need to refine it.

Another thought: the overlap integral can be large when the function h has regions where it's 1, and then shifts to regions where 1 - h is large. So perhaps designing h to be more spread out, with intervals where it's 0 or 1, but arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Alternatively, maybe using a more optimal structure, like a set of intervals where h is 1 for certain lengths, and then 0 for others, but arranged in a way that shifting by any k doesn't cause overlap. For example, using a "greedy" approach where we place intervals to minimize overlaps.

But how to translate that into a numerical optimization problem?

Another idea: maybe using a genetic algorithm approach, but that might be too slow. However, given the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps using a combination of differential evolution and other methods is feasible.

Also, the current code uses differential evolution for a few iterations and then SLSQP. Maybe we could try to use a different optimization method, like basin-hopping, which combines local optimization with random perturbations. Or, perhaps using the Powell method, which is another optimization technique.

Wait, the problem says that the previous code achieved C₅ bound of 0.381142. The current record is 0.38085, so we need to get lower. So even a small improvement in the code's approach could help.

Let me think about the objective function. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h. The cross-correlation is computed using numpy's correlate with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. Then, the maximum of this cross-correlation multiplied by dx is the value we want to minimize.

So, perhaps there's a way to model this problem as a constrained optimization problem where we can use more advanced solvers. However, the previous code uses scipy.optimize, which has various solvers.

But maybe the initial guesses are too restrictive. The previous code tried different periodic functions, like sine and square waves, but those might not be optimal. What if we try a different initial guess? For example, a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a more optimal way.

Alternatively, perhaps using a structured function, such as placing blocks of 1s and 0s with specific spacing. For example, if the function is designed to have 1s in certain intervals, then shifting by k could cause the overlap to be minimized.

But how to generate such a function numerically? Maybe using a grid search over possible block positions. However, that might be too slow.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can consider the worst-case shift k and try to balance the integral over all possible shifts. This is a multi-objective optimization problem, but the current approach is to minimize the maximum over k, which is a single objective.

The current code uses a local search with various initial points, but perhaps getting stuck in local minima. To avoid that, maybe trying a different initial guess that's more optimal.

Alternatively, maybe using a different objective function. For example, instead of considering only the maximum over k, maybe approximate it with some smoothing or use a different metric.

Another idea: consider the integral over all k, but the problem requires the maximum over k. So perhaps using a method that tries to balance the values across different k, leading to a lower maximum.

But how to model that? The current code's approach is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient numerical method. For example, using a structured grid where the function h has discontinuities at specific points, which can be optimized. This could be done by parametrizing the function as a set of intervals where it's 1 or 0, then optimizing the positions and lengths of these intervals.

But that would be more complex to implement, especially for a code that must run within 100 seconds.

Wait, the previous code uses a step function represented by h_values, which are samples. The function is piecewise constant, so it's a step function. The problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. So perhaps we can model this as an optimization problem over the positions and widths of these steps.

But how to translate that into code? Maybe the previous code's approach is already handling that by letting the h_values be optimized.

Another thought: perhaps using a more efficient optimization strategy, like using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which is derivative-free and might escape local minima better.

Alternatively, using parallel optimization, but since the code is run on a single CPU, that's not possible.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution followed by SLSQP. Maybe we can try using different methods for the different phases. For example, using a genetic algorithm for global search and then SLSQP for local refinement.

Alternatively, we can try to use a combination of local search methods. For instance, after some differential evolution steps, use a local solver with tighter constraints and better parameters.

Also, the previous code has some parameters that could be adjusted. For example, the mutation rates, recombination parameters, etc., in the differential evolution. Maybe tuning those parameters could lead to better results.

Another idea: in the initial code, the initial guesses are generated with a fixed period (like 4,5,6, etc.), but maybe trying other structures, like a binary sequence with balanced 1s and 0s, could lead to better results.

For example, if the function h is designed to have a certain pattern that minimizes overlap. For instance, a pattern that is as non-repeating as possible, but still satisfies the integral constraint.

Alternatively, considering that the function h is a step function, perhaps using a binary representation where certain intervals are chosen to minimize the maximum overlap.

But again, how to implement that in the code?

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral. The current code uses numpy.correlate, which is fast, but perhaps there's a way to vectorize the computation for better performance.

Alternatively, maybe using a different method to approximate the maximum overlap. For example, using an approximation that only checks a subset of k values, which could save computation time and allow for more iterations.

But given that the problem is to minimize the maximum, checking all k is necessary, but perhaps the code's current approach is already efficient enough.

Another angle: the current code uses a fixed n_points (45) as per the initial_h_values. But maybe using a different number of points could be better. For example, using 30 or 40 points could allow the algorithm to run faster, giving more time for each iteration, leading to better results.

But the problem states that the initial_h_values is given, so perhaps we can't change n_points. However, the user says that the initial_h_values is available, so we are to use it directly. Therefore, the code will use that n_points. So we can't change that.

Hmm, perhaps the initial_h_values isn't the best. If the code can find a better starting point by generating a different initial guess, that could help. For example, instead of the sine and square waves, generating a more optimal initial pattern.

Wait, the previous code tries generating initial guesses with different periods. Maybe trying other structures, like a binary sequence with certain properties, could lead to better initial points.

Another idea: using a more optimal initial guess based on known patterns. For example, if we know that the minimal overlap is achieved by a function with a certain structure, we can use that as the initial guess.

Alternatively, using a more randomized initial guess, but not just the same as before.

Alternatively, considering that the problem has a symmetry between the function and its complement, perhaps trying to generate initial guesses that are more balanced.

But I'm not sure how to proceed. Maybe trying to modify the initial guesses by using a different method. For example, generating a binary pattern where the h values alternate between 1 and 0, but with varying intervals.

Another thought: since the integral of h over [0, 2] is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. This suggests that the function is balanced between 0 and 1. So perhaps an initial guess that has a 50-50 balance in the steps could help.

The current code's initial guesses are generated with sine and square waves, which may have varying levels of balance. Maybe trying a more uniform initial guess could help.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using the SLSQP method with better parameters.

Another thing to consider is the constraints. The code enforces the sum constraint via an equality constraint. This is important because any optimization must preserve the integral.

In the previous code, they use SLSQP with the sum constraint. Maybe tightening the constraints or adjusting the tolerances could help. For example, using a smaller ftol or eps in the optimization steps.

Also, the code has multiple optimization steps. Maybe adding more iterations to each optimization could lead to better results, but that might exceed the time budget.

Another approach: instead of using multiple initial guesses, perhaps generating a single initial guess that is more promising. For example, a function that is 1 for a certain fraction of the interval and 0 otherwise, arranged in a way that minimizes overlap.

But how to design that function? For instance, if the function is 1 for intervals of length L, and 0 otherwise, but placed to avoid overlapping with shifted versions. However, the optimal placement of such intervals is not obvious.

Alternatively, using a binary pattern with as few transitions as possible. For example, a function that is 1 for a certain length and then 0 for another, but repeated. However, this might not be optimal.

But since the code is allowed to use any initial guess, maybe generating a more optimal initial guess could lead to better convergence.

So, perhaps modifying the generate_initial function to create a better initial guess. For example, instead of sine or square waves, creating a more structured initial guess.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess, but with the integral constraint. For example, randomly generating h values with sum approximately n_points / 2, and then using that as an initial guess.

But the previous code already includes the initial_h_values as one of the guesses, which might be better.

Alternatively, trying a different approach entirely. For instance, using a simulated annealing approach with a custom cooling schedule. But implementing that in the code might be complex.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to designing a binary code with certain autocorrelation properties. In some cases, optimal codes are known, but for this specific case, it's not clear.

Another idea: using the fact that the overlap integral is maximized when the function h and 1 - h overlap as much as possible. So, the goal is to make sure that for any shift k, the overlap between h and 1 - h is minimized. This is similar to a problem in signal processing where you want to minimize the maximum cross-correlation, which is similar to the concept of a "difference set" or "Walsh functions", but I'm not sure of the exact connection.

Alternatively, considering that the function h must be such that when it is translated by any k, the intersection with itself is minimized. So h should be designed to avoid aligning with itself when shifted. This is similar to creating a function with low autocorrelation, but again, the exact relation is not clear.

Another thought: the current code uses a differential evolution with a population of 50, maxiter 40. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but that would take more time. However, given the 100-second budget, it's possible that with careful parameter tuning, we could get better results.

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization library, like using the SLSQP method with more aggressive settings, but the previous code already does that.

Alternatively, using the fact that the overlap integral is a smooth function of h, and using gradient-based methods with better steps. However, the previous code uses SLSQP which is a gradient-based method.

Wait, the SLSQP method can handle constraints, which is necessary here. The previous code uses multiple optimization steps, which might be overkill. Perhaps focusing on more refined optimization steps for a better solution.

In summary, possible improvements:

1. Improve the initial guesses by generating more optimal starting points.
2. Tune the parameters of the optimization algorithms (like mutation rates, steps, etc.).
3. Use a different combination of optimization methods, such as using differential evolution for global search and then a local method like SLSQP with better settings.
4. Increase the number of iterations or refine the convergence criteria.
5. Try different starting points, such as binary patterns or other structured functions.

Let me think about implementing some of these ideas.

First, for improving initial guesses: in the previous code, they generate sine and square waves with different periods. Maybe trying other functions, like a binary pattern with alternating 1s and 0s, but with varying lengths. For example, a function that has 1s for a certain period and then 0s, arranged to minimize overlap.

Alternatively, using a more structured initial guess that has a certain periodicity.

Another idea: if the function h is designed to have equal parts of 1s and 0s, with some spacing, perhaps such that when shifted, it doesn't align with itself. For example, a function that is 1 for a fraction of the interval, and 0 for the rest, but with positions chosen to minimize the overlap.

But how to generate that?

Alternatively, using a binary sequence generated by a de Bruijn sequence or some other optimized sequence. But this might be complex.

Alternatively, using a grid search to find better initial points. However, with the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, perhaps modifying the generate_initial function to create a different initial guess. For example, instead of a sine wave, generate a function that has a fixed number of transitions between 1 and 0.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code by trying different optimization strategies, tuning parameters, and possibly changing the initial guesses.

Let me consider the previous code's structure. It uses several methods: initial guesses with sine and square waves, differential evolution, SLSQP refinement, and COBYLA refinement.

Maybe trying more aggressive differential evolution parameters or using a different method for refinement.

Another idea: using a hybrid approach where after the initial optimization steps, we perform a local optimization with a different method, perhaps with a higher tolerance for convergence.

Another thing to note is that the current code's initial guesses include the initial_h_values. If that initial guess is poor, maybe starting with a different initial guess could lead to better results. So, perhaps generating a better initial guess than the existing one.

However, since the initial_h_values are provided as a global variable, we can't modify them. So, the code must use that as one of the initial guesses.

Wait, but the code also includes a guess that is a constant 0.5 across all points. That might not be optimal, but it's included as an initial guess.

Another possible improvement: using a different method for the differential evolution, such as switching the mutation and recombination parameters to better explore the search space.

In the code, the differential evolution uses mutation=(0.6, 0.9), recombination=0.8. Maybe changing these to different values could help. For example, using a larger mutation range to make the search more global.

Alternatively, using a different method for the initial optimization steps, like using a Nelder-Mead simplex.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the most effective way is to change the initial guesses and optimize parameters.

Another possible change: instead of generating multiple initial guesses, use a random initial guess that's more optimized. For example, generating a random h with sum equal to n_points / 2, and then optimizing from there.

But how to generate that? The code can generate a random h with uniform values, adjust to meet the sum constraint. But that would be part of the initial steps.

Alternatively, the previous code already uses some initial guesses, but maybe it's worth trying a different approach for generating them.

Another idea: the overlap integral is the maximum of the cross-correlation. This can be interpreted as the maximum of the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx over k. To minimize this, we need to ensure that for all k, this integral is as small as possible. This is similar to designing a function that is "spread out" and doesn't have high correlation with its shifted versions.

So, perhaps using a function that is more "spread out" in the sense that it doesn't repeat its structure in a way that would cause overlap when shifted.

But how to translate that into code? It's a bit abstract.

Perhaps, the previous code's approach of trying various initial guesses is the best way, but with some modifications.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses multiple optimization steps, but maybe it's overkill. Perhaps doing a single, more thorough optimization with better parameters would lead to a better result.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method, like using the SLSQP method with more iterations and better tolerances.

In conclusion, the code needs to be modified in a way that improves the optimization process. Possible changes include:

- Changing the initial guesses to more optimal patterns.
- Tuning the parameters of the optimization algorithms.
- Using different optimization methods in sequence.
- Adding more iterations to the optimization steps.

Let me outline the steps to modify the code.

First, in the generate_initial function, perhaps try generating more structured initial guesses. For example, a binary sequence with varying lengths of 1s and 0s, arranged in a way that minimizes overlap. But without knowing the optimal structure, this is challenging.

Alternatively, generating initial guesses using a different wave shape, like a triangular wave, or a more complex function.

Another idea: the current code uses a sine wave, which may not be optimal. Maybe using a square wave with a different duty cycle.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess, but that might not be effective.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as one of the guesses, but also generating others like a uniform distribution, or a more balanced pattern.

But since the user has already provided initial_h_values as the starting point, perhaps focusing on refining that with better optimization steps.

Another possible modification is to use a more aggressive differential evolution with a larger population size, more iterations, but ensuring that the time budget isn't exceeded.

Also, the code uses differential evolution followed by SLSQP refinement. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution or the SLSQP steps.

Another thought: what if we use a different optimizer for the initial steps. For example, using the Bayesian optimization method, which is more efficient for high-dimensional problems. However, scipy does not have a built-in Bayesian optimizer, so that might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method for the initial steps, which doesn't require gradients and might escape local optima better.

But given the time, perhaps modifying the previous code's optimization steps is the way to go.

So, I'll proceed to modify the code to:

1. Use more optimized initial guesses, maybe including a different type of function.
2. Tune the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP.
3. Add more refinement steps with different methods.
4. Use a more aggressive approach in the initial optimization steps.

For example, generating initial guesses that alternate between 0 and 1, but with varying lengths.

But without knowing the optimal structure, it's difficult to proceed. Hence, sticking to the previous code's structure but modifying parameters and adding more steps.

Another idea: use a different method for the initial optimization steps. For instance, using a genetic algorithm with a higher population size and more crossover rates.

But in the code, we use differential evolution which is a form of evolutionary algorithm. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but it may take more time.

So, in the code's current structure, we can try increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution.

Another consideration: the objective function can be time-consuming to evaluate, especially for large n_points. So, making the code as efficient as possible is important. However, with n_points = 45, it's manageable.

Another possible improvement: precomputing some values or vectorizing the computation to make it faster.

But given that the code already uses numpy.correlate, which is fast, that's already optimized.

In summary, the plan is to adjust the optimization parameters, try different initial guesses, and possibly use more aggressive optimization steps to find a better minimum.

Let me implement these changes in the code.

For example, changing the differential evolution parameters to have a larger population size and more iterations.

Also, possibly using a different method for refinement, like switching to a different solver in the final steps.

Another possible change: in the initial guesses, generate a more optimal initial guess by using a binary pattern that balances the areas where h is 1 and 0.

But without knowing the optimal pattern, it's hard to say. Hence, perhaps the code can be modified to generate a more optimal initial guess.

Alternatively, the code could use the initial_h_values as a starting point and then perform more aggressive refinement.

In the previous code, after generating initial guesses, they run multiple optimization steps. Perhaps the number of iterations can be increased or the parameters adjusted.

In conclusion, the best approach may be to modify the existing code by tuning the parameters, using different optimization methods, and possibly adding more refinement steps.

Now, I'll adjust the code accordingly. For instance, increasing the number of differential evolution iterations, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters, and using more aggressive refinement steps.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_initial(period, wave_type='sine'):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        if wave_type == 'square':
            return np.clip(0.5 * (1 + np.sign(np.sin(2 * np.pi * x / period))), 0, 1)
        else:
            return np.clip(0.5 * (1 + np.sin(2 * np.pi * x / period)), 0, 1)
    
    guesses = []
    for p in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]:
        guesses.append(generate_initial(p, 'sine'))
        guesses.append(generate_initial(p, 'square'))
    guesses.append(np.array([0.5 if i % 2 == 0 else 0.5 for i in range(n_points)]))
    guesses.append(h)
    
    for guess in guesses:
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, guess, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 30:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(objective, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        if res.success:
            res_slsqp = optimize.minimize(objective, res.x, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                         constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                                         options={'maxiter': 50, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
            if res_slsqp.success and objective(res_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(res_slsqp.x)
                best_h = res_slsqp.x
    
    def refine_with_cobyla(h_init):
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, h_init, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 30, 'rhobeg': 0.1, 'eps': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else h_init
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine_with_cobyla(best_h)
        if objective(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```