<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than that, like 0.380876. The previous code tried using SLSQP and differential evolution on an initial guess with 45 points, but the result was 0.381142, which is still higher than the target. So I need to think of a better approach.

First, let me understand the problem again. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx over [0,2]. The function h is a step function with values in [0,1], and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. The challenge is to find such a function h that makes this maximum overlap as small as possible.

The previous approach used a combination of different optimization methods, starting from an initial guess and then refining with SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a more efficient way. Let me think about possible improvements.

One idea is to use a different initial guess. Maybe the initial_h_values provided isn't optimal, or maybe another construction could be better. For example, maybe a more regular or symmetric pattern would help. But how to generate such a pattern without hardcoding? Perhaps using a grid or a periodic structure.

Another angle: the problem is similar to optimizing the overlap for different shifts. The overlap is maximized over all k, so we want to distribute the "mass" of h in a way that avoids having high overlap with any shifted version. This might relate to the concept of discrepancy or covering problems.

Maybe using a more structured initial guess, like dividing the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 0 or 1, but arranged in a way that balances the overlaps. For example, if h is 1 on some parts and 0 on others, the overlap with shifts would depend on how these regions interact.

Wait, the previous code uses an initial guess with n_points=45. Maybe using a higher number of points would allow more precise control, but the user prefers smaller sequences. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so maybe using a larger n_points is acceptable if it can be optimized efficiently.

Alternatively, maybe the optimization method can be adjusted. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Differential evolution is a global optimization method, but perhaps it's too slow. Maybe using a different optimization strategy, like gradient descent with momentum or a more efficient local optimization.

Another thought: the integral is evaluated via convolution. Since the function h is being convolved with (1-h), perhaps we can represent this in terms of Fourier transforms? But I'm not sure how that would help directly in optimization.

Wait, maybe the problem can be transformed into a form where we can use convex optimization. However, the maximum of the integrals is a non-convex constraint, making it difficult to apply standard convex methods. So perhaps that's not feasible.

Alternatively, we can consider the problem as minimizing the maximum over k of some integral. This is a bilevel optimization problem, which is generally hard. So we need to approximate it by using optimization with respect to h, considering the maximum over k.

But for practical purposes, we can approximate the maximum over k by evaluating it for a finite set of shifts. For example, instead of considering all possible k, we can sample a set of shifts that are likely to be critical. However, the original code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. But for a step function with n_points samples, the maximum might be achieved at certain shifts.

Wait, the current code uses scipy's correlate function. But perhaps for a more accurate evaluation, the maximum is found by considering shifts that are multiples of dx, which is the spacing between samples. So for the function h with n_points samples, the maximum overlap could be determined by evaluating all possible shifts from -dx to 2 - dx, but in reality, the code uses the full mode, which gives the cross-correlation at different lags. However, the actual maximum is over continuous shifts k, which the code is approximating by evaluating at discrete lags.

But perhaps there's a way to compute the maximum more efficiently, or to focus on the critical shifts. However, without knowing the exact shifts where the maximum occurs, it's hard to optimize directly.

Another idea: since the function is piecewise constant (as a step function), perhaps the maximum overlap occurs at specific points where the function h has transitions. Therefore, maybe the optimal h has certain periodic properties or symmetry that can be exploited.

Looking back at the previous code, the initial guess is based on an initial_h_values. The code then uses SLSQP and differential evolution to refine it. However, maybe starting from a different initial guess, like a more evenly spaced or binary pattern, could lead to better results.

Wait, the previous code generates some guesses by creating evenly spaced or binary spaced points. For example, generating a binary spaced guess by placing 1s at certain positions. Maybe trying more varied initial guesses could help avoid local minima.

Another approach: using a genetic algorithm or other population-based search methods. However, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a population-based method. Perhaps adjusting parameters like population size, mutation rate, or the number of iterations could help.

Wait, the code uses differential evolution with popsize=40, maxiter=50, and then a refinement step with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a different mutation strategy could improve convergence.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be approached by considering the maximum overlap integral as a constraint and trying to minimize it with a more efficient optimization strategy. For example, using a gradient-based method that can escape local optima.

Another idea: since the integral over all k is involved, but we are maximizing over k, perhaps we can model this as a problem where we need to minimize the "worst-case" overlap. This is similar to robust optimization, where we minimize the maximum of some function over a set of parameters. But again, without knowing the structure of the maximum, it's challenging.

Let me think about the current code's limitations. The initial guess may be suboptimal, and the optimization process might get stuck in local minima. To address this, maybe using multiple different initializations and then selecting the best result would be better. The previous code uses a few initial guesses, but perhaps more could be considered.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=45). Maybe trying a larger or smaller n_points could lead to better results. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred because they are faster. But if the current code uses n_points=45, maybe increasing it to 60 or 80 could allow more precise adjustments, albeit with longer computation time.

Wait, the user said that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe using a smaller n_points like 60 is better. But the initial_h_values has 45 points. If we can generate a better initial guess with n_points=45, that might be helpful.

Another thought: the integral of h(x) is 1. So the function h(x) is like a probability density function, with a total area of 1. The overlap integral is similar to the probability that a random x is in the support of h and x+k is not. So we want to minimize the worst-case probability that a point is covered by h and then shifted to non-covered areas.

This resembles the concept of a "covering code" or "diversity" in some way. To minimize the overlap with any shift, the support of h should be arranged to avoid overlaps as much as possible. For example, if h(x) is 1 on a set of intervals that are spaced apart, then shifting h by k would cause overlaps only if k is small enough to bridge adjacent intervals.

So perhaps a good approach is to divide the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 1, such that the distance between any two consecutive segments is large enough to minimize overlaps with shifted versions. But how to quantify this?

Alternatively, maybe using a hierarchical or recursive partitioning of the interval. For example, if the optimal solution is to have h(x) be 1 on certain intervals, and then use a pattern that repeats or has some symmetry.

Another approach: using a convex hull or support that is spread out as much as possible. For instance, if h is 1 on points that are spaced periodically, then shifting by the period would cause minimal overlap.

But how to balance the spacing and the total area? The total area is fixed at 1. So, for example, if the support of h is m intervals, each of length l, then the total length would be m*l = 1, assuming h(x) is 1 on those intervals. But the exact structure is not clear.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that is 1 on certain points and 0 elsewhere, but arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap much. For instance, if h is 1 on a set of points that are spaced with gaps larger than the length of the intervals.

But since h is a step function with n_points samples, perhaps it's better to model this as a binary function (0 or 1) and try to arrange the positions where it is 1 to minimize overlaps. However, the previous code uses real-valued h, which allows for more continuous control between 0 and 1, which might be better.

Wait, the problem allows h(x) to be any step function, including values between 0 and 1. So maybe the optimal structure is a combination of regions where h is 0, 1, or intermediate values, in a way that balances the overlap with shifts.

This seems complex. Perhaps the previous code's approach is the most straightforward, but with some improvements. Let's think about specific changes.

First, the previous code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. If we can find a better initial guess, that could help. The initial_h_values may be based on some existing construction. Maybe generating an initial guess that is more evenly distributed could be better.

Another idea: using a randomized initial guess. For example, distributing the 1s in h as uniformly as possible, with some variance. However, the code already uses a heuristic to generate initial guesses, such as the binary spaced ones.

Wait, the previous code's guesses include a guess with all 0.5s, which is a uniform distribution. Maybe trying a different initial guess, such as a more structured pattern, could help. For example, placing the 1s in h at positions that are spaced in a certain way.

Alternatively, maybe using a probabilistic method where the positions of the 1s are randomly chosen, but ensuring the total sum is 1. However, the previous code uses deterministic methods for generating initial guesses.

Another possible improvement: the optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Differential evolution might be too slow for the budget. Maybe using a more efficient local search after a global search. For example, using a genetic algorithm for the initial exploration and then refining with SLSQP.

Alternatively, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method for local optimization. But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is gradient-based. Maybe combining different methods.

Another thing: the constraints. The problem has a single equality constraint: the sum of h must be 1. The previous code uses this in the SLSQP optimization. Perhaps there's a way to handle this more efficiently.

Wait, the objective function is to minimize the maximum value of the cross-correlation. However, since the cross-correlation is evaluated as the maximum over all shifts, the optimization is trying to find h that minimizes this maximum.

But how can we model this? The current approach is to compute the cross-correlation for the given h and then take the maximum. This is a non-convex, non-smooth function, making optimization challenging.

An alternative idea is to use a more direct approach by approximating the maximum. For example, using a large number of sample shifts to approximate the maximum. However, this would increase the computational cost.

Another approach: using a multi-objective optimization where we try to minimize the maximum overlap, but this is again non-convex.

Perhaps the key is to find a better initial guess and/or use a more efficient optimization strategy. Let me consider modifying the initial guess.

The previous code generates guesses like evenly spaced points. Maybe generating a better initial guess by combining different spacing patterns. For example, using a hierarchical structure where the function is 1 at certain points and transitions in between, but this would require a more complex construction.

Alternatively, since the previous code's result is still above the target, maybe a different initial guess is needed. For instance, if the optimal solution uses a pattern with a certain periodicity.

Wait, the Erdős constant is known to be related to the problem of covering the interval with shifts. Perhaps constructing h as a union of intervals spaced out in certain ways.

Let me think of an example. Suppose the interval [0,2] is divided into three parts, each of length 2/3, and h is 1 on two of them. Then, shifting by certain amounts would cause overlaps. However, this is just a rough idea and requires calculation.

Alternatively, consider using a function h that is 1 on intervals that are as spread out as possible. For example, placing the intervals such that the distance between any two intervals is large, which would minimize overlap when shifted.

But how to model this with the given constraints? The total area must be 1, so the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h is 1 must be 1. So if there are m intervals, each of length l, then m*l = 1. However, the exact positions would affect the overlap.

This seems like a possible direction. Maybe generating an initial guess based on placing intervals of equal length, spaced with certain gaps.

But implementing this would require choosing the number of intervals m, and the spacing. For example, if m is 2, each interval could be length 0.5, spaced to be as far apart as possible. The remaining space would be filled with 0s. However, the exact arrangement would affect the overlap.

But how to integrate this into the optimization process? Perhaps as an initial guess, placing some intervals with specific positions, then letting the optimization refine it.

Alternatively, considering the problem in terms of Fourier transforms. The cross-correlation can be represented as the convolution of h with (1-h). However, since the integral over all shifts is being maximized, this might not directly help unless we can find a way to minimize the maximum Fourier coefficients, but I'm not sure.

Another thought: since the maximum overlap is over shifts, perhaps the worst-case shift k is such that the overlap integral is maximized. This could be when k is small, like k=0 or k=dx. So maybe focusing the optimization on these shifts could help. However, this is not straightforward.

Alternatively, perhaps the maximum overlap occurs for shifts where the overlapping region is largest. For example, when k is such that h(x) and h(x+k) have the most overlap. To minimize this, h should be arranged to avoid such overlaps.

Given that the previous code hasn't achieved the target, perhaps trying a different optimization approach. For example, using a Bayesian optimization to sample the search space more efficiently. But this would require more complex setup.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach. For instance, using a genetic algorithm with a larger population for initial exploration, followed by local refinement with SLSQP.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code uses an initial_h_values, which is the starting point. Maybe I can generate a different initial guess by creating a more structured vector, like placing 1s in the initial_h_values in a more spread out manner.

Wait, the initial_h_values is known to have certain values. Let's say it's 45 samples. If I can create another initial guess, for example, placing the 1s every certain number of samples, then the optimization might find a better solution.

For example, if I create an initial guess where h is 1 at positions that are spaced in a periodic manner. Suppose the interval [0,2] is divided into m parts, and h is 1 in certain parts. This could be done with a simple formula.

But how to generate such an initial guess without hardcoding the values? For example, using numpy to create an array where every k-th element is 1. However, this is just an idea.

Another idea: using a random initialization but with a certain structure. For instance, generating random positions where h is 1, ensuring the total sum is 1, and then using that as an initial guess.

But the previous code uses deterministic initial guesses. So maybe adding a few more initial guesses based on different structures could help.

In summary, the possible improvements could be:

1. Generating better initial guesses with structured patterns.
2. Using different optimization methods or adjusting parameters for existing ones.
3. Exploring different numbers of points (n_points) to find the optimal balance between accuracy and speed.
4. Combining global and local optimization steps more effectively.

Now, to implement this in code, let's consider how to modify the previous code.

First, I'll need to generate more initial guesses. For example, a guess where h is 1 on evenly spaced intervals, or in a binary pattern. The previous code has some of these, but perhaps adding more.

Another idea is to use a combination of binary and continuous values. For example, starting with a binary pattern (h is 0 or 1) and then allowing some values to be adjusted in the optimization.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess with all values set to 0.5, but then perturbing some points to create a structure.

But how to do this efficiently?

Another thought: perhaps the current code's initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, the initial guess with all 0.5s is a uniform distribution, which might not be optimal. But maybe adding more initial guesses with different structures could help the optimization find better solutions.

Also, the previous code uses a differential evolution with a certain population size and maxiter. Perhaps increasing the population size or allowing more iterations might help find better solutions, but this would use more time. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so we need to manage the time.

In terms of code structure, the previous code has several loops and optimization steps. Perhaps adjusting the number of iterations or the initial guesses could lead to better results.

Another possible change: using a different optimization method. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. What if using a hybrid approach where we first use differential evolution for a global search and then refine with SLSQP?

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimizer, like L-BFGS-B or another gradient-based method, but the previous code uses SLSQP which is appropriate for equality constraints.

Another idea: using a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. The current code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which for a given h, returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. However, this might be computationally expensive for large n_points. But since the previous code uses n_points=45, which is small, this might be manageable.

Wait, but numpy.correlate is O(n^2), which for n=45 is trivial. So the computation time for this part is negligible compared to the optimization steps.

Now, to improve the code, perhaps the following steps:

1. Generate more varied initial guesses, including different structures like binary sparsely placed 1s, evenly spaced intervals, etc.
2. Use a more efficient optimization method for the initial global search, like differential evolution with different parameters.
3. Refine the best solution with multiple SLSQP iterations.
4. Use a different number of n_points, if possible.

But the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe using 60 points is better. But the initial_h_values is for 45 points. How to handle this?

Alternatively, perhaps the initial_h_values is already optimized for 45 points, but maybe trying a different n_points would yield better results. However, the code in the previous example uses the initial_h_values as the starting point, which is 45 points. So changing n_points would require generating a different initial guess.

But the problem says that the initial_h_values is available if a parent construction exists. So the code should use that as a starting point, and possibly generate other structures.

But given the time constraints, maybe the best way is to try improving the existing approach by generating more initial guesses and refining them with different optimization parameters.

Another possible change: in the previous code, the number of iterations for differential evolution is 50, and then refining with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution could lead to better results.

Also, the code uses multiple guesses, but maybe adding more guesses could help. For example, generating guesses with different spacing patterns, such as placing 1s every certain intervals.

Alternatively, for the initial guesses, generate a guess where h is 1 at certain positions that are spread out. For example, placing the 1s in such a way that they are as far apart as possible.

But how to implement this?

For example, for a given n_points, the positions of 1s can be chosen as multiples of a certain step. Let's say for a 45-point case, if we want to place m intervals of 1s, each of length dx (where dx is 2.0/n_points), then the positions would be spaced such that the intervals don't overlap when shifted.

But this is just an idea. Let's think of it as a way to generate an initial guess.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial guess can be generated using a known optimal pattern for the Erdős problem. However, since the user is asking to find a better bound, this might not be available.

In the absence of specific knowledge, I'll proceed to modify the code as follows:

- Generate more initial guesses with different structures, like binary patterns with varying spacing.
- Increase the number of iterations in differential evolution.
- Use different parameters for the optimization steps.
- Add more refinement steps with SLSQP.

Let me now draft the code changes.

First, the initial guesses: the previous code generates a guess with all 0.5s, and several binary guesses. Maybe adding more guesses, like a guess where h is 1 on every other point, or a guess with more spaced-out 1s.

Second, in the differential evolution step, increasing the maxiter to 100 or more, and adjusting other parameters.

Third, in the refinement steps, performing more iterations of SLSQP.

Additionally, perhaps using a different starting point for the optimization, such as the initial_h_values itself.

Also, the previous code has a for loop for m in [10,12,14,16], which may not be optimal. Maybe generating guesses with different m values could help.

But given time constraints, I'll proceed to modify the existing code to include more initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters.

Another possible change is to use a different method for the initial optimization steps. For example, using the SLSQP method initially, then switching to differential evolution for global search.

Wait, the previous code first tries the initial guesses with SLSQP, then uses differential evolution on top of the initial guesses. Perhaps the order of these steps can be adjusted.

Finally, considering that the current code's result is 0.381142, which is slightly above the target of 0.380876, perhaps a small improvement can be made by tweaking the code's parameters.

So, the plan is:

- Generate more varied initial guesses with different patterns.
- Use a more efficient optimization strategy, possibly combining differential evolution with multiple iterations.
- Refine the best solution with multiple SLSQP steps.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods.

Now, let's implement these changes in code.

The code will generate additional initial guesses, such as:

- A guess with 1s every other point.
- A guess with 1s in a periodic pattern.
- A guess with 1s placed at certain distances.

But to generate these without hardcoding, using numpy to create the positions.

For example, for a guess with 1s placed every kth sample, or spaced in a certain way.

Also, the initial_h_values is provided, so using that as one of the initial guesses.

Now, the code will need to generate more initial guesses. For example, in the previous code, the guesses are generated with different m values, but perhaps generating more different patterns.

In the code, the initial guesses are generated with the generate_evenly_spaced and generate_binary_spaced functions. Maybe expanding those.

Additionally, adding a guess where h is 1 at positions spaced as far apart as possible.

But for the code, I'll need to create these initial guesses algorithmically.

Another idea: the initial_h_values may be a known bad guess, so trying to generate a better initial guess based on some heuristics.

In any case, the code will need to be adjusted to include more initial guesses and perhaps better optimization steps.

Now, let me write the code accordingly.

The code will:

- Use the initial_h_values as one of the initial guesses.
- Generate additional guesses based on different patterns.
- Use differential evolution with more iterations.
- Refine the best solution with SLSQP multiple times.

I'll adjust the previous code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    guesses = [
        np.array([0.5] * n_points),
        np.zeros(n_points)
    ]
    
    for m in range(2, 6):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, m + 1)[:-1] + 0.5 * (1.0 / (m + 1))
        idxs = np.searchsorted(x, np.linspace(0, 2, n_points))
        h_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
        for i in idxs:
            if i < n_points:
                h_guess[i] = 1.0
        guesses.append(h_guess)
    
    for guess in guesses:
        if np.sum(guess) != target_sum:
            guess = guess * (target_sum / np.sum(guess))
        res = optimize.minimize(
            objective, guess, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 30:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(
            objective, bounds, popsize=40, maxiter=50,
            mutation=(0.6, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9
        )
        if res.success:
            res_slsqp = optimize.minimize(
                objective, res.x, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 60, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8}
            )
            if res_slsqp.success and objective(res_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(res_slsqp.x)
                best_h = res_slsqp.x
    
    def refine_with_slsqp(h_init):
        res = optimize.minimize(
            objective, h_init, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 30, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        return res.x if res.success else h_init
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine_with_slsqp(best_h)
        if objective(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```