<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution with some generated pulses and sawtooth/triangle waves as guesses. But I need to think of a different approach to improve this.

First, I should consider the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h(x) on [0,2] that integrates to 1 and minimizes the maximum overlap integral with its shifted version. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. 

The previous code tried several initial guesses, like pulses and sawtooth waves, and then used optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better way. Perhaps using more sophisticated initial guesses or different optimization strategies.

Wait, the current code uses a fixed number of points (n=45) and the initial_h_values. The problem says to use n_points as small as possible, ideally less than 1k. But the previous code uses 45 points. Maybe using more points could allow for more precise optimization, but increases computation time. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, so maybe with some smart algorithms, even a higher n_points could be manageable.

But the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe sticking to n_points around 45 or 50 is better, to keep within the time constraints. Alternatively, maybe increasing n_points to 100 or so, but then the code needs to be optimized to run faster.

Another approach: the current code uses a combination of different pulse and sawtooth/triangle functions as initial guesses. Maybe I can try other waveforms, like more complex periodic functions, or maybe piecewise constant functions with more segments. Also, maybe using genetic algorithms or other metaheuristics could be more effective.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution for some steps, but maybe adding more diversity in the initial population could help. Also, the code uses SLSQP for refinement. Perhaps the problem is that the previous approach is not exploring enough of the solution space, leading to a local optimum.

Alternative idea: use a more efficient optimization method. Since the problem is a constrained optimization, perhaps using a derivative-free method like differential evolution or particle swarm optimization (PSO) could be better. However, the previous code already uses differential evolution for some steps.

Another thought: the overlap integral depends on the maximum over all shifts k. The maximum could be achieved at specific shifts, like k=1, k=2, etc. Maybe focusing the optimization on these critical shifts could help. Or, perhaps the maximum occurs when the shift aligns with certain periodicities of the function h.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a variational one, perhaps using some theoretical insights to construct h. For example, known constructions for minimal overlap, but I'm not sure about specific ones for C₅.

Another angle: since the function h is a step function, maybe we can model it as a binary or piecewise constant function. The previous code uses step functions with samples, but perhaps a better way is to model the function as having certain intervals where it is 1 or 0, and then optimize the positions and lengths of these intervals to minimize the overlap.

But this approach might be complex to implement. Alternatively, using a more intelligent initial guess. The previous code used some generated functions as initial guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses, like different frequencies, duty cycles, or combinations.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, which is a starting point. The user said not to redefine it, but to use it directly. So the previous code starts with that, then tries other guesses. Maybe the starting point is good, but perhaps the optimization could be improved.

What about using a different optimization method, such as Bayesian optimization? But that might be complex to implement within the time constraints.

Alternatively, using a more efficient variant of differential evolution. The previous code uses a popsize of 100 and a maxiter of 50 for DE. Maybe adjusting the parameters to have more iterations but fewer evaluations.

Wait, the previous code runs DE for 50 iterations, but maybe with more generations and a better mutation strategy, it could find better solutions. Also, the refine step using SLSQP could be improved with better initial points.

Another possible improvement: instead of using all the generated guesses, focus on a smaller set of high-quality initial guesses. For example, generate a few different waveforms that are likely to have good overlap properties.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a covering problem, where h(x) and 1-h(x+k) overlap as little as possible. Maybe there's a connection to optimal covering codes or sequences, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, considering the function h as a binary sequence (if it's step functions with values 0 or 1). But in the problem statement, h(x) is a step function with values in [0,1], so maybe allowing values between 0 and 1 can lead to better overlap minimization.

Another approach: use symmetry or periodicity. For example, if h(x) is symmetric around x=1, or has some periodic structure, that might help in balancing the overlaps.

Wait, the interval is [0,2], so perhaps splitting it into intervals where h(x) is 1 or 0. But with the integral constraint of 1, the total length of the intervals where h(x)=1 can't be too large.

Alternatively, maybe use a function with multiple peaks and valleys to minimize overlap. For instance, placing the function's 1s in such a way that when shifted, they align with the zeros of the original function.

But how to model this? It might require a clever balance between the placement and density of the 1s.

Another thought: the previous code uses the correlation function. The maximum value of the correlation corresponds to the maximum overlap. So, the problem is to minimize the maximum of this correlation. Perhaps focusing on minimizing the peaks in the correlation across different shifts.

In terms of optimization, the function to minimize is the maximum of the correlation values. This is a non-smooth function, which makes optimization challenging. The previous approach uses SLSQP and DE, which are suitable for such problems.

But maybe using a different optimization strategy, such as a hybrid approach where DE is used for global exploration and then SLSQP for local refinement, but with more iterations or better parameter settings.

Another possible improvement: adjusting the hyperparameters of the DE and SLSQP methods. For example, increasing the number of iterations in DE, or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters to explore the solution space more effectively.

Also, the current code starts with the initial_h_values, which is given. Maybe starting with that point is better than the previous guesses, as it's already a known good solution, but with some chance of improvement.

Another idea: try using a different starting point. For example, generate a random initial point near the initial_h_values, or generate new initial points based on some transformations of the existing ones.

Alternatively, using multi-objective optimization where we try to minimize the maximum overlap while also considering other aspects of the function's shape, but this might complicate things.

Given the time constraints, I need to make sure that the code runs efficiently. So the key is to find an effective optimization strategy that can converge quickly to a good solution.

The previous code uses differential evolution with a population size of 100 and maxiter of 50. Maybe increasing the number of generations could help, but would take more time. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so maybe with some efficient parameter tuning, it's possible.

Alternatively, using a more efficient method for the initial exploration. For example, using a genetic algorithm with better mutation and crossover strategies.

Alternatively, combining multiple methods: using DE for global search, then SLSQP for local refinement, and trying several different initial points.

But the current code already does that. So where can we improve?

Another thought: the previous code uses the initial guess, and then other guesses generated with specific waveforms. Maybe generating more diverse guesses, such as combining different frequencies or using different functions like square waves, or even random noise.

Wait, the previous code uses pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Maybe adding other waveforms like square waves or using more complex patterns.

Another idea: using the fact that the function is on [0,2], maybe generating functions that are periodic with period 1 or 2, which could help distribute the 1s evenly.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral for k=1 would be important. If h(x) is designed such that shifting by 1 leads to minimal overlap, that might help. So perhaps focusing on ensuring that h(x) and h(x+1) have minimal overlap.

But how to model that? It's part of the max over all k, so it's not possible to focus on a single k.

Another thing to consider: the correlation in mode 'full' computes the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum of these would be the value we need to minimize.

Perhaps the problem can be rephrased as finding h such that the maximum of these cross-correlations is minimized.

An alternative approach is to model this as a constrained optimization problem with multiple constraints. However, that might be too complex for the optimization algorithms.

Another possible optimization: using a gradient descent approach. However, the objective function is non-smooth, which makes gradient methods challenging. But perhaps using a smoothing approximation or a penalty method.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method, but for non-smooth objectives, it might not be effective. However, the correlation function is piecewise smooth, so maybe it's manageable.

Another idea: instead of using the entire correlation array, focus on the critical shifts. For example, the maximum overlap occurs for shifts that are multiples of the function's period. If the function is designed with certain periodicity, this could be exploited.

Alternatively, sampling the shifts at critical points. For example, for shifts k that are integer amounts or fractions of the domain, but this might not cover all possibilities.

In summary, the main points to consider for improvement are:

1. Better initial guesses: try different waveforms or combinations that could lead to lower overlaps.
2. More efficient optimization algorithms: adjust parameters of DE or SLSQP for better convergence.
3. More iterations or better exploration in the search space.
4. Exploit any known properties of the optimal function h to guide the search.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code starts with initial_h_values, then generates several other guesses. Then it runs SLSQP on each guess, then DE, then further SLSQP refinements.

Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not sufficient. Adding more guesses or more sophisticated ones could help. Also, the DE population might be too small. For example, increasing the popsize or maxiter could allow for better exploration.

Another thing is that the code uses SLSQP on the DE results, which may refine the solution further. But maybe there's a way to better balance exploration and exploitation.

Another possible change is to use the initial_h_values as the starting point and not rely on other guesses. But the previous code already tried that.

Alternatively, use a more sophisticated initial guess that is a better starting point. For example, generating a function that has certain properties, like high symmetry or equal distribution of 1s and 0s.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given. Maybe analyzing its structure could help. For example, if it's a periodic function with certain parameters, we can try to modify it.

But without seeing the actual values of initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the user says to reference it directly, so the code can use that as the starting point.

Another approach: instead of using DE for all steps, use a different method for the initial search. For example, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) with inertia and cognitive coefficients adjusted for better exploration.

But implementing PSO in Python might take time. However, the existing code uses DE which is implemented in scipy.optimize.differential_evolution, so maybe sticking to that.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: using DE for a few generations, then using SLSQP with the best solution so far as the starting point, and repeating this process.

Another idea: increasing the number of guesses. The current code generates guesses for several frequencies and duties. Maybe adding more frequencies or varying other parameters.

Wait, the previous code generates guesses for various frequencies (2-10) and duties (0.15-0.6). Adding more frequencies or different duty cycles could introduce more diverse functions, which might help in finding the optimal.

Alternatively, using the initial guess and also some perturbations of it. For example, modifying the initial_h_values slightly and using them as guesses.

But this might not be effective without a good way to generate these perturbations.

Another point: the previous code's DE parameters might be suboptimal. For example, the mutation parameters are set to (0.5, 0.95), which is a wide range. Maybe adjusting these parameters to better balance exploration and exploitation.

Also, the recombination parameter is 0.8, which might be too high. Maybe trying lower values.

In terms of the refinement steps using SLSQP, the current code runs them a few times. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps could help further reduce the C5 value.

Another thought: the objective function is the maximum of the correlation. If the maximum is achieved by a small number of shifts, maybe focusing the optimization on those specific shifts could help. However, without knowing which shifts are critical, this is challenging.

Alternatively, sampling the shifts and including their contributions in the objective function. But this would change the problem to a different one.

Another possible optimization: since the problem is to find the minimal maximum, maybe using a binary search approach. However, this is not straightforward as the objective function is non-convex.

Alternatively, using a method like simulated annealing, but that might be too slow for the given budget.

In conclusion, to improve upon the previous code, I should:

1. Enhance the initial guesses with more diverse waveforms.
2. Tune the parameters of differential evolution and SLSQP for better convergence.
3. Increase the number of iterations or generations in the DE and SLSQP steps.
4. Use more efficient exploration strategies.
5. Ensure that the code makes the best use of the time budget by balancing different optimization steps.

Now, implementing these ideas in code.

First, the initial guesses: the previous code uses pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Maybe adding more waveforms like square waves or other patterns. However, generating them might take time.

Alternatively, generating more frequencies and varying duty cycles. For example, adding more frequencies and more duty cycle values for the sawtooth and triangle functions.

Second, adjusting the DE parameters: increasing the population size, or changing the mutation and recombination parameters.

Third, increasing the number of iterations for DE and SLSQP steps.

Fourth, in the refinement steps, run more SLSQP iterations.

But all these changes need to be done without exceeding the time budget.

Another thing to note: the current code uses a small number of points. Maybe increasing n_points to, say, 100, which would allow for more precise functions. However, with more points, the optimization might take longer.

But the user says that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe keeping n_points at 45 (or similar) is better.

So, in the code, the initial_h_values has a certain n_points. Let's assume that the code uses that. So the code can proceed with that.

Thus, the plan is to adjust the DE parameters, generate more initial guesses, and possibly adjust the SLSQP parameters to get a better solution.

Now, let me think about code changes. For example, in the previous code, the DE is run with popsize=100, maxiter=50. Maybe increasing maxiter to 100 or so, but that would take more time. However, the budget is 100 seconds, and the code has to be efficient.

Alternatively, changing the mutation and recombination parameters to (0.5, 0.95) for mutation and 0.8 for recombination. Maybe trying different values.

Also, in the refinement steps, the code runs SLSQP four times. Maybe increasing that number.

Another possible change: instead of using the initial_h_values as the starting point, generate more initial guesses based on the initial_h_values, such as perturbations or scaled versions.

Alternatively, using a combination of the initial_h_values and other generated functions as starting points.

But without seeing the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the code can use initial_h_values directly.

Another thing to note: the previous code uses several different initial guesses, which may be redundant. Maybe shutting down some of them and focusing on a smaller set of more effective ones.

For example, instead of generating guesses for all frequencies from 2-10, maybe select a few key frequencies that are more likely to produce good solutions.

Another idea: using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, generating a random function that meets the sum constraint and then modifying it.

But the previous code already has a gen_random function. Perhaps tweaking that function.

In the current code, the gen_random function generates h_rand as a random uniform, scales it to meet the sum constraint. This might be a good initial guess, but could be improved by using a different distribution, like a beta distribution or others, to get a more balanced function.

But for the sake of time, maybe sticking with the current approach.

Another thing: in the previous code, the DE is run with a tolerance of 1e-9, which might be too strict. Maybe relaxing the tolerance to 1e-6 to allow for faster convergence, and then refining further with SLSQP.

In conclusion, the code can be modified by:

1. Increasing the number of DE generations.
2. Adjusting DE parameters (mutation, recombination).
3. Adding more diverse initial guesses.
4. Increasing the number of SLSQP refinement steps.
5. Using more aggressive parameters in SLSQP.

Now, translating these ideas into code changes.

First, modifying the DE parameters. For example, changing the mutation parameter to (0.8, 1.0), which could allow for more exploitation.

Second, increasing the maxiter for DE from 50 to 100, but that might take more time. However, if the code can handle it within the budget, it's worth trying.

Third, adding more initial guesses, like for different frequencies or different waveforms.

Fourth, increasing the number of refinement steps with SLSQP.

Here's how I would modify the code:

- Modify the DE run to have more iterations.
- Add more guesses, such as square waves or other functions.
- Adjust the mutation and recombination parameters in DE.
- Increase the number of SLSQP refinement steps.

Now, considering that the code must be concise and fit within the character limit, I need to be careful about the code structure.

For example, in the previous code, the 'guesses' list is generated with several functions. Adding more functions could be done by adding more entries to this list.

But to keep it concise, maybe adding a few more guesses.

Another thing: using a different approach for generating other guesses. For example, generating functions with different waveforms, such as square, or other combinations.

But without access to the initial_h_values, it's hard to know what's optimal. However, the user said to use the initial_h_values directly, so the code can proceed with that.

Another idea: using the initial_h_values as the starting point and not using other guesses, but that might lead to local optima.

In conclusion, the modified code would adjust the DE parameters, add more guesses, and increase the number of refinement steps.

Now, implementing this in code.

The code will:

- Use the initial_h_values.
- Generate additional guesses with more frequencies and duty cycles.
- Increase DE's maxiter.
- Adjust mutation parameters.
- Perform more SLSQP refinements.

Let me draft the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h_rand = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
        h_rand = h_rand * (target_sum / np.sum(h_rand))
        return np.clip(h_rand, 0, 1)

    def gen_square(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) < duty, 0, 1)

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 15]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_square(freq, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 1.0), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(6):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```