<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize a step function h. The current best is around 0.3811, and the target is 0.380876. 

First, let me understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] such that the maximum overlap integral (which is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx) is minimized. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h takes values between 0 and 1. 

The previous approach starts with an initial guess and then uses various optimization algorithms to refine it. The challenge is to find a better starting point or a more effective optimization strategy.

Hmm, maybe the initial guess is not optimal. The previous code uses a 45-point initial construction. Perhaps starting with a different structure could lead to better results. For example, using patterns like pulses or sawtooth waves might be better. But the previous code already tried those. 

Alternatively, perhaps the optimization methods could be adjusted. The current code uses SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. Maybe a different method like genetic algorithms or Bayesian optimization could explore the space more effectively. But given the time constraints, I need to stick with what's feasible in 100 seconds. 

Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The previous code uses n_points = 45. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for more precise optimization, but that might take longer. Wait, but the current code is using 45 points. Maybe 45 isn't enough. However, the user says that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. But if the current solution is using 45 points, perhaps we can try a different number. But the code needs to be efficient. 

Another thought: the previous code uses np.correlate, which might not be the most efficient way to compute the overlap. Wait, no, the correlation is necessary. But maybe the way they compute the maximum is causing issues. For example, the maximum over k of the integral. The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. However, the integral over all x is the same as the correlation at each shift. 

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed initial guess, perhaps generate multiple random initial points and optimize each one. The previous code did that with guesses generated from pulses and sawtooths. Maybe adding more diversity in the initial guesses could help. But how to generate diverse guesses without taking too much time? 

Another idea: perhaps using a more sophisticated optimization approach. For example, using the method of simulated annealing, but that might be too slow. Or using a combination of local and global optimization steps. 

Alternatively, maybe the constraints can be rephrased to make the optimization easier. The equality constraint is that the integral of h is 1. The previous code uses SLSQP with that constraint. 

Another possible angle: the function to minimize is the maximum of several terms. This is a max function, which is non-smooth. Optimization methods might struggle with that. Maybe using a penalty method to approximate the maximum. However, in the current code, they directly compute the maximum and minimize that. 

Wait, the code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with the objective function being the maximum of the correlations. But the maximum is a non-differentiable function. So using SLSQP might not be the best, as it can have issues with non-smooth objectives. Maybe using a different method that is better suited for non-smooth functions. 

Alternatively, could we approximate the maximum by replacing it with the maximum of several terms and use a coordinate descent approach? Not sure. 

Another thought: the problem is similar to scheduling or resource allocation, where we need to arrange the function h to minimize the overlap when shifted. Maybe there's some symmetry or pattern that can be exploited. For example, using a periodic function or a function with specific symmetry properties. 

Wait, the previous code tried generating pulses and sawtooth waves. Maybe trying different waveforms or combining them could help. For example, using a combination of high-frequency pulses with varying duty cycles. 

Alternatively, maybe using a more regular structure, like dividing the interval [0,2] into segments and setting h to 0 or 1 in those segments. For example, a piecewise constant function with certain intervals set to 1 and others to 0. However, since the integral needs to be 1, the total area must be 1. 

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the existing code by making the following changes:

1. Use different initial guesses, maybe more diverse ones, to avoid local optima.
2. Adjust the optimization method parameters to allow for better convergence.
3. Use a more efficient optimization strategy, perhaps combining multiple methods.
4. Try different numbers of points, perhaps increasing them slightly to allow for more precise optimization.

Wait, but the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. However, maybe for some n_points, the optimization is easier. For example, using n_points = 32, 64, or 128. Let's check. The previous code uses 45 points. Let me think: if I can use a higher n_points, perhaps the optimization can find a better solution. However, the code needs to run within 100 seconds. 

Another idea: maybe the current code uses too many iterations, especially the differential evolution. Maybe adjusting the parameters of differential evolution to run faster. Also, perhaps using a hybrid approach where differential evolution is run first to find a good initial guess, then using SLSQP for refinement.

Alternatively, using Bayesian optimization with a surrogate model to explore the parameter space more efficiently. However, implementing that might be complex. 

Wait, the code uses the initial_h_values, which is a 45-point array. Let me think: the initial guess is given, which is probably a good starting point, but maybe there's a way to generate better starting points. 

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem, and maybe the optimal solution has certain properties. For example, h(x) is 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, but arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a more mathematical approach. For example, considering the Fourier transform of the function. The overlap integral could be expressed as the convolution of h and (1 - h), and the maximum over shifts. But I'm not sure how to proceed with that. 

Alternatively, maybe using a dynamic programming approach. But that seems challenging. 

Back to the existing code. The previous code uses SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. Maybe the problem is that the initial guess is stuck in a local minimum. So trying to generate more varied initial guesses could help. For example, using random initializations, or combining different patterns. 

Another idea: in the previous code, the guesses include pulses and sawtooths. Maybe trying to generate more structured initial guesses, like using patterns that have specific symmetries or periodicity. For example, a piecewise function with certain intervals where h is 1, followed by intervals where h is 0, arranged in a way that minimizes overlap. 

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm approach, where we evolve the h function by combining and mutating candidate solutions. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time constraints could be difficult. 

Wait, perhaps using a combination of the existing methods with some modifications. For example, using a more aggressive differential evolution with a larger population, but limiting the iterations. Also, adding more initial guesses that are randomly generated. 

Another point: the previous code uses the 'full' mode of correlate, which gives a longer result. However, when calculating the maximum over k, maybe there's a way to compute it more efficiently. But the code already does that. 

Another possible optimization: precompute the shifts and evaluate the maximum. However, the code already does that. 

So, to improve the code, perhaps:

- Increase the number of initial guesses.
- Use more diverse initial structures.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods to allow for better convergence.
- Try different numbers of points (maybe increasing to 64 or 128) to see if that helps, but keeping it within the time budget.

But how to decide? Let's think about the code. The previous code starts with the initial_h_values (45 points), then generates guesses with pulses, sawtooths, and random. Then does SLSQP optimization on those guesses. Then does differential evolution. Then COBYLA. 

Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses (more diverse) would help. Also, perhaps using a different method for the differential evolution, like changing the mutation and recombination parameters. 

Additionally, the code uses the maximum of the correlation. But the correlation is computed as a full convolution, which for a step function with n_points samples, will have a length of 2n_points -1. The maximum is over the entire convolution. 

Another idea: maybe the maximum is achieved at certain specific shifts. For example, shifts of 1 unit, or shifts that align with the structure of h. Perhaps focusing the optimization on those shifts could be more efficient. 

Alternatively, since the integral is over [0,2], the shifts can be considered as the distance between x and x + k. However, the exact shifts k are not specified; the problem is to compute the integral over x for each k. 

Another possible enhancement: since the previous code uses 45 points, maybe trying with a higher number of points (say 64) could lead to a better approximation. However, the code needs to run quickly. Let's calculate: for 64 points, the correlation would be longer, but the optimization steps might be similar. 

But the user prefers smaller sequences. However, considering that maybe the current code's initial_h_values is from 45 points, but perhaps using a higher n_points could give better results. However, if the code is too slow for higher n_points, that's a problem. 

In the previous code, the initial guess is 45 points. Let me try to see if that's the case. The code defines initial_h_values as an array. So the user is preparing that. For the current task, I can assume that the initial_h_values is available. 

Another approach: using the initial guess, and then applying some transformations to it. For example, perturbing it with small random variations, or applying a wavelet-like structure. 

Alternatively, trying to use a more sophisticated optimizer. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which is derivative-free and can handle non-smooth functions. 

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which requires gradients. The objective function here is non-smooth, so SLSQP may not work well. Maybe using a different method, like the COBYLA method (which handles bounds and constraints) but with a different approach to the objective function. 

Alternatively, the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem. But the objective function is the maximum of a set of nonlinear functions, making it non-convex and challenging. 

Another thought: the maximum over k is equivalent to the maximum over all possible shifts. If we can approximate this maximum with a few key shifts, perhaps the optimization could focus on those. But how to choose which shifts to focus on? 

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, it's similar to game theory, where we want to minimize the worst-case scenario. 

Another approach: instead of directly minimizing the maximum of the integrals, perhaps using a Lagrange multiplier approach to incorporate the constraints. However, this might not be straightforward. 

In conclusion, here are some steps to improve the code:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, including more types of functions (e.g., more waveforms, random with different distributions).
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods to allow for better exploration, such as increasing the population size in differential evolution or using more iterations.
3. Try using different optimization methods, such as COBYLA, SLSQP, or Nelder-Mead, to see which works better for the non-smooth objective.
4. Consider using a combination of global and local optimization steps to explore the space more thoroughly.
5. Possibly increase the number of points, but ensure that the code runs within the time limit.

Now, translating these ideas into code:

- Modify the guessing process to include more varied initial points. For example, adding more random guesses, different frequencies, or other waveforms.
- Use a larger population for differential evolution and adjust the number of iterations to balance exploration and time.
- Use multiple optimization methods, not just SLSQP and COBYLA, to cover different regions of the search space.
- Consider using a different strategy for the initial guess, such as generating a more structured pattern.

Another idea: using a greedy algorithm to adjust the function h. For example, starting with the initial guess and iteratively adjusting h to reduce the maximum overlap. But this is likely to get stuck in local optima.

Another possible change: instead of using the full correlation, compute the overlapping integrals for specific k values. For example, j = 1, 2, ..., n_points -1. But the code already does that, as the full convolution will capture all shifts.

Now, considering the code structure. The previous code uses multiple optimization steps. Maybe the differential evolution part is not efficient enough. Let me check the parameters of the differential evolution call. The current code uses popsize=80, maxiter=100, which is a lot. Maybe reducing the maxiter and increasing the popsize could help. Or vice versa.

Alternatively, using a smaller population with more iterations. But in any case, the code has to fit within the time limit.

Also, the current code uses a lot of iterations. For example, in the loop for the guesses, and then differential evolution and COBYLA. Perhaps some of these steps can be optimized.

Another thought: perhaps the key is to generate a better initial guess. The initial_h_values might not be the best starting point. So, perhaps generating a new initial guess that is a better approximation could help. For example, using a more structured pattern like a binary sequence with certain properties.

For example, a sequence where h(x) is 1 on intervals that are spaced in a way to minimize overlap. For example, using a periodic function with period 2/(m) for some integer m, with high-frequency components. But how to construct such a function?

Alternatively, think of the problem as a covering or scheduling problem where we want to place intervals where h(x) is 1 such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, if we have intervals of length 1/2, spaced with some offset so that their shifted versions don't overlap much. But this is a bit hand-wavy.

Another possible improvement: use a more efficient scoring function. For example, instead of computing all correlations, maybe using a proxy that's easier to optimize. But the problem requires computing the actual maximum.

In the end, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to generate more varied initial guesses, use a more efficient optimization method, and adjust parameters to explore the search space more thoroughly. Let's implement this in the code.

For example, in the previous code, the guesses are generated with pulses and sawtooths. Maybe adding more random guesses, or using other waveforms like triangle waves or more complex patterns. Also, using more frequencies and duty cycles.

Another idea: use the initial guess and add some perturbations to it. For example, take the initial_h_values, then generate a few perturbed versions by adding small random noise, and use those as initial guesses. This could help in cases where the initial guess is very good but nearby areas are better.

Alternatively, use a combination of the initial guess and random guesses. Also, perhaps using a more sophisticated random generation method, such as a uniform distribution with certain properties.

In the code, the gen_random function is defined. Maybe modifying it to generate more diverse random samples, or using a different distribution.

In conclusion, the main changes to the code would be:

- Generate more initial guesses (e.g., adding more waveforms or random samples).
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods (e.g., increasing population size for differential evolution, adjusting maxiter).
- Use different methods for optimization (e.g., adding Nelder-Mead or other methods).
- Perhaps try different n_points sizes.

But since the user mentions that smaller sequences are preferred, maybe stick to the same n_points as before, which is 45, and improve the initial guesses.

So, modifying the code's guess generation part to include more guesses. For example, adding more frequencies, more duty cycles, and more random guesses.

Another idea: instead of generating guesses with pulses and sawtooths, use more structured patterns like binary sequences with certain periodicity. For example, using a binary sequence where h is 1 for certain positions.

Alternatively, maybe using a more mathematical approach. For example, considering that the optimal solution may have h(x) = 1 over intervals that are spaced to minimize overlap. This could resemble a non-symmetric pattern with high and low intervals arranged optimally.

However, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to code this. Thus, relying on heuristic methods with better initial guesses is the way to go.

So, in the code, generating more guesses by varying frequencies and duties, and adding more random samples.

Another possible adjustment: in the previous code, the SLSQP is run with maxiter=200, which might be too low. Maybe increasing it. Or using different methods.

But given the time constraints, I need to make sure the code runs within 100 seconds.

Putting all this together, the revised code would:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses, such as adding more pulse and sawtooth generations with different parameters, and more random samples.
- Adjust the optimization parameters (like popsize and maxiter) in differential evolution.
- Use a combination of optimization methods, perhaps with different settings.
- Possibly use multiple rounds of optimization, starting with global and then local methods.

Now, translating this into code changes.

The previous code's guess generation has for freq in [2,3,4,5,6,7,8], duty in [0.2, 0.5, 0.7], and similar for sawtooth. Maybe expanding the frequency range or duty cycles.

For example, including more frequencies, like 1, 9, 10, etc., and varying duty cycles more.

Also, adding more random guesses.

Additionally, in the differential evolution loop, changing the mutation and recombination parameters.

Also, allowing for more iterations in the initial guess steps.

In code, perhaps modifying the guesses list to include more entries.

Another idea: using the initial_h_values and then generating several variations of it, such as scaling it or applying some transformations.

However, I need to make sure the code doesn't take too long.

In terms of code implementation, the following changes can be made:

- In the guess generation, increase the number of frequencies and duties. For example, for pulses, use frequencies 1 to 10, and duty cycles 0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8, etc. Similarly for sawtooth.

- Add more random guesses. For example, generate 10 random guesses instead of 5.

- In the differential evolution part, adjust parameters like mutation and recombination rates.

- Use a smaller population size to speed up the optimization, but allow more iterations.

- Perhaps use the initial_h_values as the first guess, and then add more guesses.

Another possible optimization: instead of using the full correlation, compute the maximum over a subset of shifts. But the code already computes the full correlation.

In the end, the code would look something like the previous, but with more guesses and adjusted parameters. This should increase the chances of finding a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_random():
        r = np.random.rand(n_points)
        return np.clip((r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * 0.5 + 0.5, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(1, 11):
        for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
            guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, duty))
    for freq in range(1, 11):
        for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=30, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-8)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, best_h, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200})
        best_h = res.x if res.success else best_h
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```