<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe I can do better by changing the approach. Let me think about possible improvements.

First, the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. The current best is around 0.380876, and the previous code achieved 0.381142. I need to get lower than that. 

The previous code tried various initial guesses like pulses and sawtooth waves. Maybe I can explore other structures. What if I use a more structured approach, like a combination of pulses with different frequencies or phases? Also, the optimization methods used might not be the most efficient. Maybe using a different optimization algorithm or combining multiple strategies.

Wait, the problem is constrained optimization. The constraints are that the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1, and h(x) is between 0 and 1. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted by k. 

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the worst-case overlap, maybe a periodic or symmetric structure would help. For example, using a pattern that repeats with certain intervals to balance the overlaps. Maybe something with multiple segments where the function is 1 or 0 in a way that shifts don't create large overlaps.

But how to model this? The previous code tried generating initial guesses with pulses and sawtooth waves. Maybe trying more structured initial guesses, like a sum of periodic functions with different frequencies. Alternatively, maybe using a block-based construction where h(x) is 1 in certain blocks and 0 elsewhere, but with overlapping constraints.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. But differential evolution might be slow for large n_points. The user mentioned that smaller sequences under 1k samples are preferred. So maybe reducing the n_points? Wait, the initial code uses n=45. Let's check: the initial_h_values has 45 samples. Maybe using a higher n_points could allow for more precise optimization, but it might take longer. However, the problem says that smaller sequences are faster, so maybe working with lower n_points is better. But the previous code used 45, which is small.

Alternatively, maybe the issue is that the previous code's initial guesses are not diverse enough. The current code uses pulses and sawtooth, but perhaps there are other structures. For example, using a more complex pattern like a combination of rectangles or something else.

Another approach: the overlap integral is related to the correlation of h with 1-h. Since the integral over all shifts k is constrained, maybe there's a way to model this as an optimization problem where the maximum correlation is minimized. 

But how to optimize that? Maybe using a gradient-based method with more effective constraints. The previous code uses SLSQP and COBYLA, but maybe using other methods like ADMM or other constrained optimization techniques. However, the user allows using scipy's optimization functions, including CVXOPT, but the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution.

Wait, the user's previous code had a problem where the initial H could be stuck in a local minimum. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using random patterns, geometric patterns, or even some analytical constructs that are known to have good overlap properties.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach with more operators or adaptive parameters. But the previous code used differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm. Maybe adjusting the parameters of differential evolution, like population size, mutation rates, etc., could help find better solutions faster.

Another idea: since the maximum correlation is the objective, perhaps focusing on minimizing each individual correlation. However, the problem is that it's the maximum of all possible shifts k. So the function h needs to be designed such that for every shift k, the integral is as small as possible. This is similar to a covering problem or a scheduling problem where overlapping is minimized.

Alternatively, thinking about the problem in terms of signal processing: the function h is a signal, and we want to minimize the maximum cross-correlation between h and its complement. This might relate to concepts in coding theory or communication, where certain sequences are designed to have low cross-correlation.

In coding theory, sequences with low autocorrelation are used in things like radar and communications. However, this problem is similar but with cross-correlation between h and 1-h. Perhaps using known low autocorrelation sequences as inspiration.

But since the problem allows for h to be a step function (discrete samples), maybe trying to construct a sequence that is as uniform as possible in overlapping regions. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 1 in some segments and 0 in others, but arranged such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Another thought: If h is a periodic function with certain symmetry, maybe that could help. For example, using a function that is symmetric around the center of the interval. But how to model that?

Alternatively, let's think about the Fourier transform. The overlap integral can be related to the Fourier coefficients of h. However, since the integral is over a finite interval, and shifts by k (which is fixed), maybe the Fourier approach is not directly applicable. But perhaps using some harmonic analysis concepts to guide the construction of h.

But maybe this is getting too abstract. Let's think about the code. The previous code uses a lot of initial guesses and then optimizes each with SLSQP. Maybe the optimization could be more efficient by focusing on a better initial guess. For example, if the initial_guess is a very good candidate, the optimization may find a better solution quickly.

So, perhaps generating better initial guesses could lead to better results. The previous code generated pulse and sawtooth functions, but maybe generating some other patterns like a combination of rectangles or a more irregular structure.

Another idea is to use a greedy approach. Start with an initial guess and iteratively adjust it to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, at each step, find the shift k that gives the highest overlap, and adjust h to reduce that overlap. However, this might not be effective for global optimization.

Alternatively, using a randomized approach, such as simulated annealing, but that's more computationally intensive and may not fit within the time budget.

Wait, the user allows using scipy's optimization functions. Let's think about the constraints again. The constraints are that the integral is 1, and h is between 0 and 1. So, the function h is a vector in [0,1]^n, with sum(h) = n/2. The objective is to minimize the maximum correlation between h and 1-h over all shifts k.

Given that, maybe the problem can be transformed into a constrained optimization problem where we can use more efficient optimization methods. However, the objective is non-convex and the maximum over k makes it difficult.

Another approach: Since the maximum is over k, perhaps the worst-case k corresponds to certain shifts, like those that are multiples of the period of the function. So, if the function has a certain period, we can focus on the shifts that are relevant to that period.

Alternatively, considering that the integral over all shifts is fixed. For example, the integral over all k of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx is equal to the integral over x and k of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. However, perhaps there's a way to relate this to the total integral of h(x) and 1-h(x), but I'm not sure.

Another thought: the integral for a specific k can be thought of as the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k. To minimize the maximum of these overlaps, maybe we can model this as a kind of covering problem. For each shift k, the overlap can't be too large, so we need to arrange h so that when shifted, it doesn't overlap too much with itself.

Perhaps a good strategy is to make h as "spread out" as possible. For example, if h is 1 in two non-overlapping intervals, then shifting could cause overlaps. But if h is spread out with multiple intervals, the overlaps might be smaller.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? Maybe using a piecewise constant function with multiple segments. The previous initial guess is a 45-point array, which could be structured with multiple segments.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given, so maybe using that as a starting point and optimizing further. The previous code tried various guesses, but maybe the initial guess is not optimal. So, perhaps refining the initial guess with more targeted optimization.

Another idea is to use a Bayesian optimization approach, which can be more efficient in high-dimensional spaces. However, implementing Bayesian optimization in scipy might be challenging. Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with a good mutation strategy.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, but that might not handle the constraints well.

Wait, the previous code used SLSQP for optimization. Maybe using a better method for the initial optimization steps. For example, starting with a simple guess and then improving it with more sophisticated methods.

Another possible improvement: since the problem is to minimize the maximum correlation, perhaps the maximum correlation is more likely to be achieved for certain shifts. For example, for small shifts, but not sure.

Let me think about how to generate better initial guesses. The previous code tried pulses, sawtooth, and random. What about generating more structured patterns, like a sequence of alternating 1 and 0 with some periodicity. For example, a sequence that is 1 for a certain fraction of the time and 0 otherwise, but with shifts that balance overlaps.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged in a way that overlapping shifts are minimized. For example, a function that is 1 on two intervals separated by a certain distance, such that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

Wait, for C₅, the problem is about shifts of k, and the integral is over x. For each k, the integral is the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k. For the function to be optimal, the overlaps for all k should be as low as possible.

Given that, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is 1 in multiple non-overlapping regions, and 0 in others. But the exact arrangement is tricky.

Another thought: since the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, the area under the curve is fixed. If h is a step function with m segments, each of length l_i, then the sum of l_i is 1. But how to structure those segments to minimize the max overlap.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a scheduling problem where the intervals when h is 1 are arranged such that when shifted, overlapping with 1-h is minimized. This is similar to a problem of placing the intervals to avoid overlaps when shifted.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to model this.

Back to the code. The previous approach used initial guesses and then optimized them. Maybe trying different initial structures would help. For example, using a more complex pattern than pulses and sawtooth, such as a modified sine wave with multiple frequencies, or a combination of different functions.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that is 1 in two non-overlapping intervals, and 0 elsewhere, but with certain spacing. Let's say the interval is [0,2], and h is 1 in [a, b] and [c, d], with the total length of intervals equal to 1. The choice of a, b, c, d could minimize the maximum overlap. But with multiple possible shifts, this might not be sufficient.

Alternatively, using more intervals. For example, three or four intervals, spaced in such a way that their shifts overlap as little as possible. The problem is to find the optimal positions of these intervals.

But how to translate this into code. Maybe generating such functions as initial guesses. For example, generating a function that is 1 in several intervals with certain spacing.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of rectangular pulses, with varying widths and positions. This could be generated algorithmically.

For example, creating a function where each segment is a rectangle of length l, and there are several segments placed in different positions. The l could be adjusted so that the total length is 1.

But how to generate that. Maybe using a random selection of segment positions and widths, then normalizing.

Alternatively, the previous code's initial guess might be a good starting point. If I can improve the initial guess, then the optimization can make better progress.

Another possible improvement: since the problem has a fixed integral, the function h is a probability density function over [0,2]. The overlap integral is similar to the probability that a randomly chosen x and x + k are both in regions where h is 1 and 1-h is 1. But not sure.

Wait, the overlap integral ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx is the integral of h(x) where h(x +k) is 0. So for each x, if h(x) is 1, we want h(x +k) to be 0. So the function should be arranged such that when shifted by k, it avoids overlapping with regions where h is 1.

So for any shift k, the regions where h(x) is 1 should not overlap with regions where h(x+k) is 1. Wait, no— the integral is h(x)*(1 - h(x +k)), which is non-zero when h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. The maximum of this over all k is what we're trying to minimize.

So, for each k, the overlap is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. Thus, to minimize the maximum overlap for any k, the function h should be arranged so that for any shift k, the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0 is as small as possible.

This is similar to a covering problem where the shifts are all possible, but it's very complex.

Maybe the optimal h is a function that has multiple non-overlapping segments such that when shifted, the overlapping regions are minimized. For example, using a function that is 1 in several regular intervals placed symmetrically. 

But again, how to model this algorithmically.

Perhaps, the previous code's approach of starting with an initial guess and then optimizing is the way to go. To improve upon that, maybe generate more diverse initial guesses.

Another idea: use the previous code's initial guess, but try to optimize it more aggressively. For example, using more optimization iterations with better settings.

Alternatively, using a penalty method to handle the constraints. The previous code used SLSQP with equality constraints, which is appropriate.

Wait, the previous code uses the sum(h) = n/2 as a constraint. That's correct, since the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, which with dx = 2/n, translates to sum(h) = n * 1 * dx = n * (2/n) = 2. Wait, no. Wait the integral is ∫ h(x) dx from 0 to 2. Since dx = 2/n, the sum is sum(h) * dx = 1. So sum(h) = 1 / dx. But dx = 2/n. So sum(h) = 1 / (2/n) ) = n/2. Yes, that's correct. So the constraint is sum(h) = n/2.

So the previous code ensures that this is true.

Another thing to consider: the objective function uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the cross-correlation over all possible shifts. For each shift k, the correlation value is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. So, the max of these values across all k is C₅.

So, the previous code correctly computes this.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to compute the correlation, but that's probably not needed.

So, to improve the previous code, maybe:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses.
2. Use different optimization methods or adjust their parameters.
3. Combine multiple optimization steps with different methods.
4. Use a better initial guess, perhaps based on some analytical knowledge.

For example, if we know that certain structures have lower overlaps, we can use those as initial guesses.

Another idea: since C₅ is the maximum of the correlations, perhaps trying to make all correlations as equal as possible. This could be achieved by a balanced design of h. For example, a function that is symmetric and has a regular structure.

Let me think about the initial_h_values. If I can inspect it, maybe it's a certain structured pattern. But since the code uses initial_h_values, which I can't see here, I'll have to assume it's a certain starting point.

Assuming that initial_h_values is a decent starting point, perhaps I can modify the code to perform more aggressive optimization, or use a better initial guess.

Another possible approach is to use a genetic algorithm with a good set of parameters. But implementing that would take more code.

Alternatively, using a combination of differential evolution and local optimization. The previous code does that, but perhaps with more iterations.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess, like a simple alternating pattern. For example, for n_points even, h alternates between 1 and 0, but ensuring that the sum is n/2. This would create a pattern that when shifted by certain k, overlaps are minimized. Let's see: if h(x) is 1 for half the interval and 0 for the other half, then shifting by k=1 would result in overlapping. But this might not be optimal.

But this is a simple starting guess. Let's say for n_points = 45, which is odd. So, to have sum(h) = 45/2 = 22.5. So, h would have 22 or 23 ones and zeros. For example, alternating 1 and 0, but adjusting the last one to make the sum correct.

But this might not be better than other structures.

Another idea: using a more complex pattern, such as a sequence that is 1 for a certain percentage of the time and 0 the rest, but with a more irregular distribution of those 1s. For example, placing the 1s in such a way that they are spaced apart to avoid shifts that create overlaps.

In code, this could be generated by selecting positions randomly, ensuring that the sum is correct, and then smoothing it. But generating it as a step function.

Alternatively, using a base pattern and then perturbing it.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the previous code can be improved by adjusting the initial guesses, using more diverse ones, and using different optimization strategies.

Another possible improvement is to use the initial guess as the starting point and perform optimization with more iterations and better settings. For example, using a higher number of iterations for SLSQP.

Alternatively, using a different optimization library. The previous code uses scipy's optimize, which is good, but maybe using CVXOPT for more efficient solving, but that requires more setup.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: using a genetic algorithm to find a good initial guess, then optimizing with SLSQP.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, and the code's need to be concise, maybe the best approach is to generate more varied initial guesses and use differential evolution more effectively.

Let me think about the previous code's structure. It starts with the initial_h_values, then generates multiple guesses with pulses, sawtooth, and random. For each guess, it uses SLSQP to optimize, then applies differential evolution, then COBYLA.

Perhaps the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, using a different type of pattern, like a triangular wave or a more complex periodic function.

Alternatively, using a combination of different frequencies in the initial guesses. For example, generating functions that are a combination of multiple sinusoidal waves with different frequencies and amplitudes.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initial structure based on known low autocorrelation sequences. For example, using a Barker sequence, which has low autocorrelation. But adapting that to the given problem.

Wait, Barker sequences are used in radar to minimize autocorrelation, but they are binary sequences with certain properties. For example, a Barker sequence of length 11 has autocorrelation values of 0 for all non-zero shifts. But adapting that to our problem may be challenging since we're dealing with cross-correlation between h and 1-h.

But perhaps using a similar approach, creating a sequence that has minimal overlap when shifted. However, the sequences are typically for binary values (0 and 1), and our problem allows for more general step functions. 

But if we can find a binary sequence with low maximum cross-correlation, that might be a good starting point. For example, using a binary sequence like [1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0], etc., repeating. This might create periodicity that reduces overlaps when shifted.

Another idea: if the function h is a periodic function with period T, then its shifts would repeat every T. However, since the interval is [0,2], T could be a fraction of that. For example, if the function has period 2/n, then shifts by k could be handled.

But how to model this in code.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 for a certain number of points and 0 otherwise, arranged in a way that the shifts do not create large overlaps. For example, placing the 1s in non-overlapping regions for all k.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to model.

Returning to the code, perhaps the key is to generate more initial guesses and use different optimization strategies. For example, adding more initial guess types, like a random selection of positions for the 1s, or a more structured pattern.

Let me try to modify the code in the following way:

- Generate an initial guess with evenly spaced 1s and 0s.
- Generate other initial guesses using different patterns like modulated sine waves.
- Use more aggressive differential evolution parameters.
- Perform more optimization steps.

Additionally, instead of using pulses and sawtooth, maybe create more varied shapes. For example, using a triangular shape or a polygonal shape.

But how to generate these algorithmically.

Another thought: the code's initial_h_values might be a good guess. So, perhaps start with that and run differential evolution with more iterations. Alternatively, combining it with other guesses.

In the previous code, the initial guesses were several pulses and sawtooth waves. Perhaps adding more variations, such as a combination of different waveforms or more complex structures.

Another approach is to use a random initialization with certain constraints. For example, create a random step function where the sum is n/2. This could be done by randomly assigning values to h[i], then normalizing.

But this is what the gen_random() function does. So perhaps the code is already trying that.

But maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, if all initial guesses are similar, then the optimization may get stuck in the same local minima.

To address this, perhaps generating more varied guesses by varying parameters in a wider range. For example, using different frequencies, or different duty cycles.

Alternatively, using a different type of waveform, like a square wave with varying duty cycles.

Another idea: use a function that is a sum of multiple square waves with different frequencies and phases. This could be a more complex initial guess.

But how to generate that for a given n_points.

Alternatively, using a random phase-shifted square wave.

But perhaps it's easier to stick with the previous methods and tweak the parameters.

In the previous code, the differential evolution runs for a few iterations. Increasing the number of iterations or the population size could help, but may increase computation time.

Given the time budget, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a hybrid approach of genetic algorithm and local optimization.

But given the time, maybe the best approach is to optimize the code's existing methods by increasing the number of iterations and using more advanced parameters.

Alternatively, using the initial guess and then applying a more effective optimization.

Another possible improvement is to use a different initial guess. For example, using a pattern where h is 1 for the first half of the interval and 0 for the second half. This would create a simple structure that may be optimized further. But how to generate this.

For example, for n_points=45, the first half would be 22.5 points. So, setting the first 22 or 23 points to 1, and the rest to 0. This would create a simple step function that can be optimized.

But this is just one possible guess. Adding this to the initial guess list might help.

Another idea: consider that the optimal C₅ is around 0.38, and the previous code's result is 0.381, which is very close. Perhaps the current code's initial guess is already very close to the optimal, and further optimization could bring it down.

Therefore, perhaps the key is to refine the optimization steps: using more advanced optimization methods, better initial guesses, and adjusting the parameters to find the optimal.

In code terms, this could mean:

- Adding more initial guess types.
- Increasing the number of optimization iterations.
- Using different optimization methods in sequence (e.g., differential evolution followed by SLSQP).
- Using a better tolerance for convergence.

Another idea is to use the initial guess as the starting point for the optimization, and then perform differential evolution with a larger population size to find a better solution.

Taking all these considerations into account, the plan for the new code is:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Generate additional initial guesses, including:
   - Simple step functions (e.g., first half 1, second half 0).
   - Random patterns.
   - Modified sine waves with various frequencies and phases.
3. Use a combination of optimization methods: differential evolution followed by SLSQP to refine the solution.
4. Increase the number of iterations and population sizes where possible.
5. Ensure the code stays within the time budget by optimizing the number of iterations.

Now, translating this into code. Let's see:

The previous code uses a function gen_pulse and gen_saw to generate initial guesses. We can add another function, like gen_step, to generate simple step functions. Also, maybe add other patterns.

Additionally, in the code, the initial_h_values is used, and the code then generates more guesses. The code applies SLSQP optimization on each guess, then differential evolution, then COBYLA.

To improve, perhaps adding more guesses, adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods, and ensuring that the best guess is found efficiently.

Now, let me think about how to implement this. Let's outline the steps:

- Define new guess generators, like gen_step, gen_modulated, etc.
- Add these to the guesses list.
- For each guess, perform optimization and keep track of the best solution.
- Use more aggressive optimization steps, increasing the number of iterations and parameters.

But how to code this concisely within the token limit.

Another thing to note is that the initial_h_values may already be a good guess, so starting with it might not be necessary. However, the code uses it as a starting point, so including it in the guesses is good.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient method for the initial optimization. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method, but this depends on the constraints.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method with different settings.

In terms of code structure, the previous code has a 'guesses' list that includes various functions. Adding more functions to generate different patterns.

But given the token limit, I have to keep it concise.

In conclusion, the code will likely involve:

- Generating more varied initial guesses.
- Using differential evolution with tuned parameters.
- Applying SLSQP to refine the solution.
- Keeping track of the best result.

Now, coding this in Python, keeping the existing structure but adding more initial guesses and optimization steps.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_step():
        half = int(n_points / 2)
        return np.concatenate([np.ones(half), np.zeros(n_points - half)])
    
    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_random():
        r = np.random.rand(n_points)
        return np.clip((r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * 0.5 + 0.5, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2,3,4,5,6,7,8]:
        for duty in [0.2, 0.5, 0.8]:
            guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, duty))
    for freq in [2,3,4,5,6,7,8]:
        for duty in [0.2, 0.5, 0.8]:
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
    guesses.append(gen_step())
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=80, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-8)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, best_h, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200})
        best_h = res.x if res.success else best_h
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```