<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The previous approach used a combination of SLSQP optimization and differential evolution, starting from some initial values. But I need to find a better way. Let me think about possible improvements.

First, the initial solution uses 45 points. Maybe increasing the number of points could help, but the problem says smaller sequences are preferred. Wait, the user mentioned that sequences with less than 1k samples are better because they're faster. So maybe using fewer points but optimizing better?

Wait, the previous code used n_points=45. Maybe trying a different starting point could help. The initial_h_values is provided, but maybe I can generate other initial guesses that could lead to better solutions. For example, instead of random pulses and sawtooth waves, perhaps using more sophisticated patterns or considering symmetry.

Another idea is to use a different optimization strategy. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe a hybrid approach or using a different method like genetic algorithms, or maybe a more efficient local search. Also, the constraints are a bit tight, so maybe the problem is highly non-convex, and getting stuck in local minima is an issue.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. So the objective function is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). The overlap integral is a convolution. So, how can we model this better?

Maybe instead of using numerical optimization with SLSQP and differential evolution, which might be slow, we can use a more targeted approach. For example, considering that the optimal h(x) should have some regular structure, like being piecewise constant or having certain periodicity, which can be modeled with specific functions.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different discretization. The current approach uses a uniform grid. Maybe using a non-uniform grid could be better, but that complicates the implementation. However, given the time constraints, it's probably better to stick to uniform samples.

Another thought: the overlap integral for different k can be evaluated by considering the convolution. For each k, the integral is the convolution of h and (1 - h) at position k. The maximum of these values is the C₅. To minimize the maximum, the function h should be designed such that the overlap for all shifts is as small as possible.

In previous work, the C₅ is related to the arrangement of the function h to avoid overlaps. For example, in the case of Erdos's problem, the optimal h might be a constant function or have some periodicity. But the problem requires h to integrate to 1 over [0,2], which is the same as having a certain average value.

Wait, the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So the average value of h is 1/2. So the function h is a binary-like function on average. But it can be 0 or 1 in parts. However, to minimize the overlap, we need to arrange it such that when you shift h by any k, the overlap is minimized.

Another angle is to think of the problem as a covering problem. We need to arrange the 1's and 0's in h such that when shifted, they don't overlap much. So perhaps structuring h with periodic patterns or using a symmetric construction.

In the previous code, they tried generating pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random starting points. Maybe trying a different set of initial guesses, like using more structured patterns, could help. For example, using a function that has a specific periodicity that's known to be good for this problem.

Another idea is to use a greedy algorithm: iteratively adjust the h values to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, start with an initial guess and then for each sample, adjust it to minimize the maximum overlap. But this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, considering that the integral for each shift is the sum over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). But since we are working with a grid, the integral is approximated by the sum multiplied by dx. So for each k, we can compute the correlation between h and (1 - h), and take the maximum of that.

So, perhaps a better optimization approach is to use a more efficient solver that can handle the non-convexity better. For example, instead of using SLSQP for each guess, maybe using a different method, like projected gradient descent or a more global optimization technique.

But given the time constraints, maybe the key is to find a better initial guess and optimize it more effectively. The previous code used multiple initial guesses, including pulses, sawtooth, and random. Maybe adding more diverse initial guesses could help escape local minima.

Another observation: the current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. So even a small improvement is needed. How can I get a better initial guess?

Perhaps using a more structured approach, inspired by known optimal solutions for similar problems. For example, in the case of the Erdos problem, the optimal h might be related to a certain type of function that balances the overlaps across different shifts. For instance, a function with multiple intervals where it is 0 or 1, arranged in a way that shifts don't cause large overlaps.

Alternatively, maybe using a more direct optimization approach with a different formulation. For example, instead of minimizing the maximum of the correlation, perhaps reformulate the problem as a convex optimization with some constraints, but that seems unlikely given the non-convex nature.

Another idea is to leverage symmetry. For example, if the function h is symmetric around the midpoint of the interval [0,2], perhaps that could help in reducing the overlap. So generating symmetric initial guesses could be beneficial.

Wait, the current code uses initial_h_values which may not be symmetric. If I can generate a symmetric pattern, that might help. How to generate such a pattern algorithmically?

For example, a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a certain pattern. But the exact pattern is not clear. Maybe a function that has several intervals where it's 1, separated by 0 intervals, arranged symmetrically.

Alternatively, perhaps using a Fourier basis to represent h(x), since harmonic analysis is relevant here. But that might complicate things.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a binary optimization problem, where h(x) is either 0 or 1, but with some allowed continuous values. However, the problem allows h(x) to be in [0,1], so it's a continuous optimization problem.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the key is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization process. For example, using more diverse initial guesses and running the optimization with more iterations but efficiently.

Wait, in the previous code, they used differential evolution for a few iterations and then SLSQP refinement. Maybe using more iterations of differential evolution, or combining with other methods.

Another thought: the maximum correlation is the worst case, so the optimal h should have the same overlap for all k. But this is just an ideal case. However, designing h such that all shift overlaps are similar could lead to a better solution.

But how to model that? It's not clear. Perhaps focusing on reducing the maximum correlation by adjusting the h function.

Let me think about the code structure. The run function starts with initial_h_values, then generates some guess functions, then optimizes them using SLSQP and differential evolution. The problem is that the initial guesses are only for certain patterns. Maybe trying different types of functions, like combinations of pulses or more complex waveforms.

Wait, perhaps using a combination of different frequencies. For example, combining multiple pulses with different frequencies could lead to a more optimal arrangement. So generating initial guesses with more complex structures.

Another idea is to use a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, instead of fixed frequencies, use a range of frequencies and amplitudes. Or use a method that generates a random but structured pattern that satisfies the constraints.

Alternatively, considering that the integral of h is fixed, the problem is about distributing the 1's in h such that their shifts don't overlap too much. So a possible strategy is to create a function that has several non-overlapping regions where it is 1, but when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

For example, if h has n intervals of 1's, each spaced apart such that shifting by any k (within the [0,2] interval) doesn't cause significant overlap. But how to model that?

In the case of the previous code, they used functions like pulses, sawtooth, etc. Maybe trying to generate initial functions that are more similar to the optimal ones. For instance, functions with multiple peaks separated by varying distances.

But given the time, perhaps modifying the initial guesses to include more such functions. For example, generating functions with multiple overlapping peaks, but adjusting their positions to minimize overlap.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is a derivative-free method that can sometimes escape local minima better.

But the previous code already uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe combining with another method.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=45). Maybe using a smaller number of points could lead to faster optimization, allowing more thorough searches. For example, using n_points=30 or so. But the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred, so this could be feasible.

But the initial_h_values has 45 points. If I can generate a different initial guess with fewer points, perhaps it can be optimized more effectively.

Alternatively, using the same number of points but trying different starting points. For example, initializing with a more optimal pattern based on existing knowledge.

Wait, perhaps looking up existing literature. For example, if there are known constructions for the Erdos problem, they could be adapted. However, without access to that, I have to proceed heuristically.

Another approach: since the problem involves minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a genetic algorithm (GA) to evolve the h function. GA can handle the non-convexity by exploring the search space more thoroughly. However, GA can be computationally intensive, but with the budget of 100 seconds, it might be feasible.

But the previous code doesn't use GA. Let me think: the differential evolution is a type of GA. So perhaps increasing the population size or the number of generations could help. But in the previous code, differential evolution is only run a few times. Maybe increasing those parameters could yield better results.

Wait, in the previous code, the differential evolution is run with popsize=100, maxiter=50. Maybe increasing maxiter or adjusting mutation and recombination parameters could help.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method from scipy.optimize, which handles bounds and constraints well.

Another idea: the constraints are that sum(h) = n_points / 2. So the optimization is a constrained optimization problem. The previous code uses SLSQP for refining solutions. Maybe using a different solver, like IPOPT (if available), but the user mentioned that scipy.optimize has certain solvers.

But the code uses scipy.optimize. So perhaps changing the method used in SLSQP or adjusting the tolerance parameters.

Another point: in the previous code, they generate several initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses, especially those that are more structured. For example, generating functions with different patterns, such as multiple pulses with varying positions and widths.

Another thought: the current code includes generating sawtooth and triangular waves, which are periodic. Maybe adding more such functions with different parameters. For example, generating functions that are combinations of different waveforms.

But how to generate these functions algorithmically? The previous code has functions like gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle. Maybe adding more variations or more parameters.

Alternatively, using a combination of multiple pulses. For example, a function that has several pulses spaced in a certain way. This could be generated by creating a base pulse and then shifting it multiple times.

But how to code that? For example, creating a pulse at position x, width w, and then replicating it with certain spacing.

Alternatively, using a function that's a superposition of multiple pulses with different frequencies. For example, a function that is 1 over several intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged symmetrically.

But this requires careful design to ensure that the integral is 1. For example, if there are multiple intervals of length a, separated by 0 intervals, the total area would be m*a, which should equal 1. So with 2 units, m*a =1, so a=1/m. The number of intervals m would then determine the spacing between them.

But how to model this? For example, if m is 5, then each interval is 0.2 units long, and they are spaced apart. However, arranging them symmetrically around the [0,2] interval might help in reducing overlap when shifted.

But this requires careful placement. For example, placing them at positions 0.2, 0.6, 1.0, 1.4, 1.8. Wait, but that's five intervals of length 0.2, summing to 1.0. So this would be a possible pattern. But the spacing between them would be 0.4, which may cause overlaps when shifted.

But this is just an example. The idea is to create a function with multiple 1s intervals, spaced apart such that shifting by k would not overlap them too much.

But how to generate such a h function? For example, in code, it could be a array where h[i] is 1 if the position x[i] falls into one of the intervals, and 0 otherwise.

But how to ensure the sum is exactly 1. For example, if we have m intervals, each of length a, then m*a = 1. So a = 1/m.

So, for m=4, a=0.25. Then the intervals could be placed symmetrically. For example, in 0 to 2, four intervals of 0.25 each. Their centers could be at 0.25, 0.75, 1.25, 1.75, but their positions need to be arranged to minimize overlap upon shifting.

But the exact arrangement would require more analysis.

Alternatively, using a different approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps a good strategy is to have h(x) be 1 for as much as possible, but in a way that when shifted, the 1s do not overlap.

But that's conflicting, because the function must integrate to 1. So, the h(x) is 1 for an area of 1. So, maybe having h(x) be 1 in a single interval of length 1, and 0 elsewhere. But this would have overlaps when shifted.

For example, if h is 1 on [0,1], then shifting by 0.5 would cause overlap between [0,1] and [0.5, 1.5], resulting in an overlap of 0.5 on [0.5, 1], which would have an integral of 0.5, but the overlap integral would be larger.

So this is worse than the current best.

Thus, the optimal h is likely to be a more complex function with multiple intervals.

But how to design such a function algorithmically? Perhaps using a regular pattern, like a periodic function with certain properties.

Another idea: consider the problem as covering the interval [0,2] with overlapping regions, such that when shifted, the total overlap is minimized. This is similar to a covering problem but inverted.

But without more insight, perhaps the best approach is to improve the existing code's initial guess generation and optimization strategy.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include:

- Pulse functions with various frequencies
- Sawtooth and triangular waves with different duty cycles
- Random guesses

Maybe adding more initial guesses, such as functions that are a combination of pulse and waves or more complex patterns.

Alternatively, considering that the current code uses 45 points, which is a moderate number. Maybe trying a different number of points, like 30, to allow for more thorough exploration.

But the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, so using 30 points might be better.

But the initial_h_values has 45 points, so if I can generate a better initial guess for a different number of points, that could be better.

But the user says that the initial_h_values is provided, so the code should use it as-is. Wait, the user says: "You may want to start your search from the current construction, which you can access through the `initial_h_values` global variable." So the code should use that as the initial guess, not redefine it.

So the code in the previous approach uses initial_h_values as the starting point, then generates other guesses. So, perhaps trying to generate more diverse guesses based on that initial value.

Another idea is to use the current initial guess and refine it further with more aggressive optimization steps. For example, using a more efficient optimization method, or adjusting the parameters of the existing methods.

In the previous code, after generating the initial guesses, they run differential evolution for a few iterations and then SLSQP refinement. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the parameters could yield better results.

Additionally, the objective function is the maximum of the correlation. So, during optimization, it's possible that the solver focuses on reducing the maximum value. However, the current code uses the maximum value directly as the objective function, which is correct.

Another angle: the maximum correlation could be minimized by balancing the values of the correlation for all k. However, with the current approach, it's possible that the solver focuses on reducing the worst-case scenario.

Another thought: the current code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which gives the full convolution result. For the interval [0,2], the valid shifts k would be within [0, 2], but the full convolution includes more shifts. However, the problem requires evaluating the maximum over k, which corresponds to the correlation values for all k in the range where the overlap is possible. But perhaps the code correctly captures this.

In terms of code optimization, maybe the previous code has some inefficiencies. For example, in the objective function, recomputing the correlation each time could be time-consuming. However, with the given budget, it's manageable.

So, to improve, perhaps the following steps:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Generate more initial guesses, possibly with different patterns.
3. Use a more effective optimization strategy, possibly combining differential evolution with SLSQP.
4. Increase the number of iterations or adjust parameters to explore the search space better.
5. Consider using different techniques for generating initial guesses, such as more structured patterns.

Another idea: instead of generating only pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves, perhaps generating functions that are combinations of these, or functions with different properties. For example, functions that are periodic with certain properties.

Alternatively, using a more mathematical approach. For example, considering that the optimal function h(x) should be such that the integral of h(x) over any interval of length 1 is around 0.5, since the total integral is 1 over 2 units. This might suggest that the function is balanced in certain ways.

But I'm not sure how to translate this into a concrete function.

Another possible improvement is to use the initial guess and perform a local search with a more efficient method. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method with bounds, which is often effective for problems with smooth objectives.

But in the previous code, they used SLSQP for refinement. Perhaps the L-BFGS-B could be more effective in this case.

However, the problem has equality constraints (sum(h) = n_points/2), so the method must respect these.

Alternatively, using the Sequential Quadratic Programming (SLSQP) method with better parameter settings, such as higher iterations.

Another idea: the previous code sometimes recomputes the correlation and then refines using SLSQP. Maybe adding more refinement steps.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the most effective way is to modify the code to generate better initial guesses and optimize with different parameters.

In the previous code, for example, the gen_saw and gen_triangle are generated with frequency 3 and duty cycles of 0.15-0.6. Perhaps varying these parameters more could help. Alternatively, using higher frequencies for more detailed patterns.

But I need to think about how to code this efficiently and compactly, given the token limit.

After considering these ideas, I think the key improvements could be:

1. Generating more diverse initial guesses, including functions with different structures.
2. Using a more efficient optimization method with better parameters.
3. Increasing the number of iterations for the differential evolution and refinement steps.
4. Ensuring that the code is optimized for speed, given the time budget.

Thus, the code could be adjusted as follows:

- Generate more initial guesses with different patterns (e.g., more variation in pulses, different waveforms).
- Use a more efficient optimization method, possibly combining differential evolution with multiple SLSQP refinements.
- Adjust parameters for the solvers to better explore the search space.

Now, translating this into code:

The previous code's main loop over guesses could be extended to include more guesses. For example, generating more pulse functions with varying frequencies and duty cycles, or more waveforms.

Additionally, after generating the initial guesses, the code runs differential evolution for a few iterations and then SLSQP refinements. But increasing the number of iterations or the population size could help.

Another possible improvement is to use the initial_h_values as the primary guess, and then generate other guesses based on perturbations of it. For example, adding small random variations or applying transformations.

In terms of code structure, the main function would need to:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Generate additional guesses.
- Perform optimization steps with SLSQP and differential evolution.
- Refine the solution using multiple SLSQP steps.

Given the time constraints, the code must be efficient. So, perhaps the code can be modified to generate more guesses and increase the optimization steps, but keeping the code within the token limits.

Another possible change is to use the COBYLA method for SLSQP, as it can handle bounds and constraints more efficiently.

Finally, the code should return the best solution found, along with the C5 value and the number of points.

Considering all this, here's the plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting guess.
- Generate additional guesses based on pulse, sawtooth, triangle, and random functions with varied parameters.
- Use differential evolution for global search, then SLSQP for local refinement.
- Increase the number of iterations for both.
- Apply multiple refinement steps to the best solution.
- Ensure that the code is efficient and fits within the token limit.

Now, I'll write the code according to these ideas, making sure to keep it within the constraints.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h_rand = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
        h_rand = h_rand * (target_sum / np.sum(h_rand))
        return np.clip(h_rand, 0, 1)

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.15,0.2,0.3,0.4,0.5,0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(6):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```