<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is represented by C₅. The constraints are that h(x) is a step function over [0, 2] with integral 1, and I need to find a function h that minimizes the maximum overlap when shifted by different k.

The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA optimization methods, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a way to improve this. Let me think about what's different.

First, the current approach starts with initial_h_values, which is a 45-point array. The previous best was around 0.381142. The target is 0.380876. So even a small improvement could be valuable.

One idea is to explore different initial constructions. The previous code tried pulses and sawtooth waves, but maybe using other patterns, like more complex shapes or combinations of different waveforms, might lead to better results. Also, maybe using a more efficient optimization method or adjusting the parameters of the existing methods.

Another thought: the current code uses differential evolution with a population size of 80 and maxiter of 100. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but that would take more time. However, since the budget is 100 seconds, perhaps we need to optimize the number of iterations and population size to balance between exploration and time.

Wait, the code uses multiple optimization steps: first some guesses with SLSQP, then differential evolution, then COBYLA. Maybe changing the order or the methods could help. For example, maybe using a more global optimization method first to find a good initial guess, then refine it with local methods.

Also, the current code uses a fixed initial_h_values. What if we generate multiple initial guesses with different structures? For example, using different frequency components or varying duty cycles. The previous code tried pulse and sawtooth waves with various frequencies and duty cycles, but perhaps there's more to explore.

Another approach could be to use a more sophisticated initial guess. For instance, starting with a regular pattern that distributes the mass evenly, such as a periodic function. For example, a square wave with a certain duty cycle, or a triangle wave. Maybe combining multiple such waves could create a more optimal function.

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps there's a way to structure h(x) such that it has regions where it's 0 and 1, with transitions that avoid overlapping too much when shifted. This might involve designing the function to have a certain periodicity or symmetry.

But how to model that? Maybe using a Fourier series approach. Since the function is over [0,2], perhaps decomposing it into a sum of sinusoids with certain coefficients. However, that might be complex to optimize directly.

Another idea: the overlap integral is essentially the maximum over shifts of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). To minimize this, the function h should be designed such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. This is similar to designing a function that is "spread out" in some way, avoiding having too much overlap with its shifted versions.

The previous code uses a combination of optimization methods, but maybe using a different optimization strategy, like genetic algorithms with a custom mutation operator, could be more effective. However, the code already uses differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm.

Wait, the current code for differential evolution uses mutation parameters (0.6, 0.95) and recombination 0.8. Perhaps tuning these parameters could help. For example, increasing the mutation range to explore more diverse solutions, or adjusting the recombination rate to balance exploration and exploitation.

Another possibility: the code runs multiple optimization steps. Maybe after the initial steps, it's better to do more COBYLA steps to refine the solution. Or maybe using a different method for the final refinement.

Also, the code checks for time remaining and breaks early if necessary. But perhaps the time allocation could be adjusted. For example, allocating more time for the differential evolution phase and less for the later steps.

Another angle: the constraints. The integral must be exactly 1. The current code uses a constraint with SLSQP and COBYLA. But maybe the way the constraints are handled could be improved. For example, using a penalty method or a more accurate constraint handling.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization library, like using CVXPY with a more appropriate solver. However, the previous code uses scipy.optimize, which might be more compatible with the given constraints.

Wait, the problem mentions that scipy, numpy, and cvxpy with various solvers (like CBC, CVXOPT, etc.) are allowed. So perhaps using a different solver could be more effective. For instance, using a constrained optimization method with a solver that handles the problem more efficiently.

But integrating CVXPY into the existing code might require redefining the problem in terms of a convex optimization, but the problem here is non-convex. The overlap integral is a non-convex function, so convex optimization methods might not be applicable. Therefore, gradient-based methods like SLSQP or COBYLA might be necessary.

Hmm. Another thing: the code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points). Starting with n=45, but maybe increasing n_points could allow for a more accurate approximation, but with the time budget, that might not be feasible. However, the user prefers smaller sequences, so perhaps sticking to n=45 is better for speed.

Wait, the user mentions that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So the current n=45 is acceptable. But maybe even with n=45, the initial guess is not optimal. So the main issue is to find a better initial guess and optimize it effectively.

Another thought: the current code generates guesses with pulse and sawtooth functions. What if other waveforms could be better? For example, a triangular wave, or a combination of pulses and triangles. Or maybe using a more complex waveform that has a structure that's less overlapping when shifted.

Alternatively, perhaps starting with a function that has more regular spacing of pulses. For example, a periodic function with a certain period and duty cycle. For instance, if h is a square wave with a certain period, then shifting it would cause overlaps that depend on the period.

But designing such a function to minimize the overlap integral requires careful parameter selection. For example, if the period is such that the shifts k that are multiples of the period would not lead to overlapping peaks. But how to model this?

Alternatively, consider that for the maximum overlap, we can imagine that the worst case is when k is such that the shifted function aligns with the original in a way that their product is maximized. Therefore, the function should be designed to avoid such alignments.

Perhaps using a function that is a combination of several non-overlapping intervals, but that's similar to the initial guess.

Another approach: the problem resembles a covering problem or a scheduling problem, where the function h is trying to schedule the "1" regions in such a way that shifting the function doesn't lead to too much overlap. This might be similar to scheduling jobs to avoid overlaps.

But how to translate that into a function? Maybe designing h(x) to have regions where it's 1, and between them, it's 0, but with the transitions carefully chosen to avoid overlaps when shifted. However, this is vague.

Let me think about the previous code. It uses differential evolution with a population size of 80 and maxiter of 100. Perhaps increasing the population size might help explore more solutions, but that would take more time. Alternatively, using a larger mutation range.

Alternatively, the code uses multiple initial guesses and then refines them. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different patterns, such as more complex waveforms, could help escape local minima.

Wait, in the code, the initial guesses include pulse and sawtooth waves with different frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe adding other waveforms like triangle waves or more complex patterns would be beneficial. Or using random initial guesses with different structures.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed initial guess, generate multiple diverse initial guesses and optimize them in parallel. However, the code already does this, but perhaps there's a way to generate more diverse guesses.

Alternatively, perhaps the current initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, the code uses a fixed initial_h_values and then adds guesses generated from pulses and sawtooth waves. What if I generate more varied initial guesses, such as using different waveforms or combinations?

Alternatively, maybe using a more sophisticated method for generating initial guesses. For example, starting with a uniform distribution and then applying transformations to create different patterns.

But given the time constraints, it's important to make the code run efficiently. So perhaps the main improvements would be:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses with different structures.
2. Tune the parameters of the optimization methods (like population size, mutation range, etc.) to better explore the solution space.
3. Use more efficient optimization steps, perhaps combining different methods in a smarter order.
4. Ensure that the code can find a better initial solution and refine it effectively.

Now, thinking about code changes. The existing code has a function to generate pulses and sawtooth waves. Maybe adding other types of waveforms, like triangle waves or more complex patterns. However, generating triangle waves might be similar to sawtooth. Alternatively, maybe using a combination of pulses with varying positions.

Alternatively, generate initial guesses based on more random structures, perhaps using a different random seed for each guess, but that's already done in the random guess generation.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed dx based on n_points. For example, if the initial_h_values has 45 points, then dx is 2/45. But if the code starts with a different n_points, maybe that would help. However, the user prefers smaller n_points, so starting with n=45 is better.

Another thought: the overlap integral is computed using correlation. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the full convolution. However, for shifts k in the range where x + k is within [0, 2], perhaps there's a smarter way to compute the maximum overlap.

Wait, the max_k integral is over all possible k, but since h is defined over [0, 2], the shifts k that are relevant are those where the shifted function h(x +k) is within [0, 2]. So k ranges from -2 to 0 to 2? Or maybe more. But the code uses the full convolution, which might include all possible shifts. But the actual integral for a shift k would be for x in [0, 2 -k], so the code's approach of using the full convolution might include all needed overlaps, but perhaps there's a way to compute it more efficiently or more accurately.

But the code as written seems correct in that it computes the correlation for all shifts. So perhaps there's no issue there.

Another thing: the code uses a fixed number of iterations for each optimization method. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in some steps would help, but that could take more time. For example, the differential evolution's maxiter is 100, which might be too low. Maybe increasing that, but then checking if the time budget allows.

Alternatively, perhaps the code could use a different strategy. For example, first doing a global search with differential evolution, then using local optimization with SLSQP to refine the result. The current code does that, but the number of steps might be insufficient.

Another idea: since the optimization is non-convex, the order of applying different methods might affect the result. For example, start with differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then use SLSQP to refine it, then do more iterations of COBYLA.

Another possible change is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method with bounds, but it's a local optimizer. However, if combined with a good initial guess, it might converge faster.

But the current code uses SLSQP and COBYLA. Maybe trying different methods, like Nelder-Mead, could also be useful, but I'm not sure.

Another point: the code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Perhaps increasing the number of guesses could lead to better results, but again, time is a constraint.

So, to summarize, possible improvements:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses with different patterns.
2. Tune the parameters of the optimization methods (like population size, mutation range, etc.) to better explore the solution space.
3. Adjust the order of optimization steps to first explore more globally and then refine.
4. Use different methods for each step (e.g., differential evolution followed by SLSQP followed by COBYLA).
5. Possibly use a different initial guess that is better than the current initial_h_values.

Given that the user has access to the initial_h_values, which is pre-loaded, perhaps the current starting points are not optimal, and generating new initial guesses based on different structures could help.

For example, the current code generates pulse and sawtooth waves. What if we generate a square wave with a certain duty cycle, or a triangle wave, or a wave with more complex structure?

Alternatively, perhaps using a more regular pattern, such as dividing the interval [0, 2] into equal parts and assigning 1s in certain intervals. For instance, placing 1s at regular intervals but with some variation to avoid overlap. But how to model that?

Alternatively, using a periodic function that has a certain symmetry. For example, a function that is 1 on intervals of length 0.2, spaced periodically to minimize overlap.

But designing such a function would require trial and error.

In terms of code changes, I can modify the initial guess generation to include more types of waveforms, like triangle waves, or other patterns. Alternatively, generate initial guesses based on more complex structures.

Another idea: use a random initial guess with a certain structure, such as a sparse distribution of 1s. For example, randomly placing points and then interpolating. But that might not be as effective as structured guesses.

Alternatively, for the initial guess, generate multiple different patterns, including:

- A uniform distribution of 1s.
- A regular periodic pattern.
- A random pattern with certain constraints.
- A combination of pulses and triangles.

But how to code that? The previous code already has pulse and sawtooth functions. Adding triangle wave generation would be helpful. For example, a triangle wave that alternates between 1 and 0 with a certain period.

But to generate a triangle wave in the code, perhaps using the same approach as the sawtooth function, but with a different formula. For instance, the triangle wave can be generated by taking the absolute value of a sawtooth wave and scaling it appropriately.

Alternatively, the code can generate different waveforms with various frequencies and duty cycles.

Another point: the current code uses a fixed n_points of 45. What if varying n_points could lead to better results? However, the user prefers smaller n_points, so changing to a larger n_points would take longer to compute and may not be beneficial. But perhaps trying different n_points could be an option. However, the code as given uses a fixed n_points based on the initial_h_values, which has 45 samples. So that's fixed.

Given that, the code can be modified to generate more initial guesses. For example, adding more variations in the pulse and sawtooth functions, like more frequencies or duty cycles.

Alternative approach: Instead of generating guesses with different frequencies, use a regular pattern with a certain spacing that could minimize overlaps. For example, if we can find a pattern where the function is 1 for certain intervals that are spaced in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

But how to determine the optimal spacing?

Perhaps, for a given number of intervals, the optimal spacing would be periodic. For example, if we divide [0, 2] into m equal intervals and set h(x) to 1 for certain intervals. But how to choose which intervals to set to 1 to minimize the overlap?

This seems like a combinatorial problem. For example, if we have m intervals, selecting which ones to set to 1 so that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. However, with m=45, this is not feasible for exhaustive search, but perhaps some greedy approach could be used.

But integrating this into the code might be complicated.

Alternatively, perhaps using a regular pattern with some variation. For example, a square wave with duty cycle adjusted to minimize overlap.

But again, without knowing the optimal parameters, it's hard to say.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed initial guess and then generates guesses based on pulses and sawtooth waves. What if we generate a guess based on the initial_h_values but modified to have more balanced regions? For example, adjusting the initial guess by applying a transformation that spreads out the 1s more evenly.

Alternatively, using the initial guess as a starting point, and then applying some optimization steps to improve it.

In terms of code modifications, perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses, varying the pulse frequencies and duty cycles, and adding triangle wave guesses.

So, modifying the code's guess generation to include more types of waveforms.

Another thing: the code's differential evolution uses mutation parameters (0.6, 0.95). Maybe adjusting these to a wider range could help explore more of the solution space, but that's a trade-off between exploration and exploitation.

In the previous code, there are multiple optimization steps. The initial steps use SLSQP with different guesses, then differential evolution, then COBYLA. Maybe changing the order of applying these steps. For example, using differential evolution first to find a good initial guess, then SLSQP to refine it.

Alternatively, using different parameters for each optimizer step.

But given the time constraints, the code needs to be efficient.

Putting this together, here's how I might modify the code:

- Add more initial guesses with different waveforms (like triangle waves).
- Adjust the mutation parameters in differential evolution to increase the range.
- Increase the number of iterations for differential evolution if possible.
- Use a more diverse initial guess generation.

So, modifying the code's guess generation by adding a triangle wave function.

Let me think about how to implement a triangle wave. A triangle wave can be generated by taking the absolute value of a sine wave or using a linear ramp that resets periodically. For example, a function that goes from 0 to 1 and back to 0 periodically.

So, for a triangle wave with frequency f, the value at x would be something like np.abs(2 * f * x - 1) * 0.5, but that's a sawtooth wave. Wait, the sawtooth wave is generated by linearly increasing to 1 and then dropping. To make a triangle wave, it could go up and down.

But perhaps a better approach is to generate a triangle wave with a certain period. For example, for a given period T, the triangle wave would be 1 for half the period and 0 for the other, but that's a square wave. Hmm, maybe not. Alternatively, a triangle wave can be created by combining two sawtooth waves.

Alternatively, using the formula:

wave = 2 * np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) - 1

But that would give a triangle wave that oscillates between -1 and 1, and then scaling to 0 and 1 by clamping.

But perhaps the code can generate a triangle wave by first creating a sawtooth wave and then taking absolute value, and then scaling appropriately.

So, the code could add a gen_triangle function.

Once that is added, the code can generate more initial guesses by adding triangle waves with various frequencies and duty cycles.

This would increase the diversity of the initial guesses, potentially leading to better optimization results.

Another modification could be to increase the number of initial guesses, but that might take more time. However, given that the code already includes a loop generating multiple guesses, perhaps adding more functions to generate guesses.

Additionally, adjusting the mutation parameters for differential evolution. For example, setting mutation to (0.7, 0.95) or (0.5, 0.95) to increase exploration.

Also, the code could try using a larger population size for differential evolution, but that would consume more time. However, given the budget, maybe increasing it slightly is possible.

Another thing: in the previous code, during the differential evolution step, the code runs for 100 iterations with a population of 80. Maybe increasing the population size to 100 or so, but that's a trade-off.

In terms of the code structure, I'll need to add the gen_triangle function and adjust the guess generation.

Now, I'll need to code these changes into the existing function.

Another thing to note: the initial_h_values is provided, and the code uses it as an initial guess. Maybe generating a new initial guess based on the initial_h_values but modified.

Alternatively, the code could start with the initial_h_values and then add various guesses based on different waveforms, but I think the existing approach is sufficient.

Putting this all together, here's a possible revised plan for the code:

- Add a Triangle wave generator function (gen_triangle) to the guess generation.
- Increase the number of guesses generated by adding triangle waves with different frequencies and duty cycles.
- Adjust mutation parameters in differential evolution to explore more solutions.
- Fine-tune the optimization steps to balance between exploration and exploitation.

Now, let's think about implementing these changes in code.

The original code has functions gen_pulse and gen_saw. Adding gen_triangle:

def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
    x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
    wave = np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1)
    return np.clip((wave - 0.5) * duty, 0, 1)

Wait, that's a rough idea. Let me think: the triangle wave should go from 0 to 1 and back to 0 periodically. For a given frequency, the wave would be periodic. But I need to generate it properly.

Alternatively, using a triangle wave that goes from 0 to 1 and back to 0 over the interval [0, 1]. For example, if the frequency is f, then over x in [0,1], the wave would have f peaks. But I'm not sure. This requires some careful calculation.

Alternatively, using the formula:

wave = 1 - abs(2 * freq * x - 1)

But that's a triangle wave that reaches 1 at f * x = 0.5, then decreases. For example, for freq=1, x in [0,1], the wave would go from 1 to 0 to 1, creating a triangle wave. But that's for a single period. To make it a triangle wave that repeats, this might be sufficient.

But then scaling and duty cycle adjustments would be needed.

This is getting complicated. Perhaps the best approach is to generate a triangle wave by combining two sawtooth waves, or use a different method. However, given time constraints, perhaps generating a triangle wave as a sawtooth wave that's inverted.

Alternatively, for the purpose of generating initial guesses, using a triangle wave with a certain frequency and duty cycle might not be necessary. Instead, adding more variations to the pulse and sawtooth functions.

Alternatively, the code can generate more guesses by varying frequencies and duty cycles further, or adding more random guesses.

Another idea: increasing the number of random guesses. For example, instead of generating 5 random guesses, generate more. But the original code has 5 random guesses.

In any case, the main change would be to include a triangle wave function and adjust the guess generation.

Now, translating this into code:

Inside the run function, after defining gen_pulse and gen_saw, add:

def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
    x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
    wave = np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1)
    return np.clip((wave - 0.5) * duty, 0, 1)

Then, in the guess generation loop, add more dishes of triangle waves.

For example:

for freq in [2,3,4,5,6,7,8]:
    for duty in [0.2, 0.5, 0.7, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))

This would add more initial guesses.

Additionally, adjusting the mutation parameters for differential evolution. For example, changing the mutation tuple to (0.7, 0.95) or (0.5, 0.95).

Another change could be to increase the population size in differential evolution, such as 100, and increase the maxiter to 150.

Additionally, in the code, after generating the initial guesses, perhaps the code could also generate other patterns like a uniform distribution or a regular spaced pulse.

But given the time, the main changes would be generating more guesses with triangle waves and adjusting the mutation parameters.

Now, considering all this, the code can be adjusted. Also, the previous code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess. Maybe adding more guesses based on different patterns will help.

Another thing to note: the current code uses a different random seed, but in some cases, the initial guess could be better if the random seed is set to a certain value. However, the code uses a fixed seed of 42, which may not be optimal. However, the user is not allowed to change the seed; the run function is called with seed=42.

Thus, the code must use the given seed and not change it.

In summary, the modified code would have:

- Add gen_triangle function.
- Increase the number of initial guesses by adding triangle waves.
- Adjust mutation parameters for differential evolution.
- Possibly tweak other optimizer parameters.

Now, translating these thoughts into code. The code will be modified to include the gen_triangle function and expand the guess generation.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1)
        return np.clip((wave - 0.5) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_random():
        r = np.random.rand(n_points)
        return np.clip((r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * 0.5 + 0.5, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2,3,4,5,6,7,8]:
        for duty in [0.2, 0.5, 0.7, 0.8]:
            guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, duty))
    for freq in [2,3,4,5,6,7,8]:
        for duty in [0.2, 0.5, 0.7, 0.8]:
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
    for freq in [2,3,4,5,6,7,8]:
        for duty in [0.2, 0.5, 0.7, 0.8]:
            guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))
    for _ in range(8):
        guesses.append(gen_random())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=150,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-8)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, best_h, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200})
        best_h = res.x if res.success else best_h
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```