<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the goal is to get even lower, like 0.380876. The previous approach used a constrained optimization with SLSQP, but that might get stuck in local minima. The user's strategy suggests using structured patterns, like binary sequences with good auto-correlation.

Hmm, the initial_h_values are provided with n=95 samples. Maybe I can start by checking if that initial array is valid. Let me verify the sum: if sum(initial_h_values) is around 47.5, then it's okay. If not, I need to adjust it.

The structured pattern approach uses binary sequences. For example, Barker codes or Gold sequences. But since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a sequence with low autocorrelation would help. Let me think about how to map a binary sequence to the step function h.

Let's say I generate a binary sequence, say, a Barker code. Then convert it to 0s and 1s. But wait, the integral constraint requires the sum to be 47.5. So maybe I can take a binary sequence, then normalize it. For example, if the sequence has positive and negative values, convert them to 0 and 1, then adjust the sum.

Wait, the previous strategy mentioned using a binary sequence with low cross-correlation. For instance, a binary Barker code. However, Barker codes are short and maybe not long enough. Alternatively, using a de Bruijn sequence or a sequence with good cross-correlation properties.

Alternatively, maybe use a deterministic construction like a greedy algorithm. But that might be too slow. The key is to generate a pattern that naturally minimizes the overlaps when shifted.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum integral over all shifts, perhaps the optimal h is a periodic function with certain symmetries. For example, using a pulse train with certain spacing.

Wait, but how to translate that into a step function. Let me think of the initial_h_values as a starting point. Maybe I can adjust it by modifying certain points to improve the overlap.

But the problem is that the previous approach using SLSQP might not have found the global minimum. So maybe using a different optimization technique, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, could help. However, those are computationally intensive and might not fit within the time budget.

Alternatively, since the structured pattern approach is promising, maybe I can generate a pattern based on a known sequence and then adjust it. For example, using a simple pattern like alternating 0s and 1s, but that might not be optimal.

Wait, let's consider the initial_h_values. If it's a valid starting point, perhaps I can improve it by adjusting some values. For example, if there are peaks in the cross-correlation, maybe reduce the height of those peaks by adjusting the h values.

But how to do that efficiently. Maybe using a gradient-based method, but with better initial conditions.

Alternatively, the structured pattern approach could involve dividing the interval [0,2] into segments and assigning h(x) in a way that minimizes overlaps. For instance, if I can find a way to distribute the 1s and 0s such that shifting them doesn't cause too much overlap.

Wait, another idea: since the problem relates to minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is 1 for a certain portion of the interval and 0 otherwise. But with constraints on the integral, this would be a uniform distribution. However, that might not be the case.

Alternatively, maybe using a piecewise constant function with multiple levels. However, the problem requires h(x) to be a step function, which it is.

Another approach: Let's think of the cross-correlation. The integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) over x. This is equivalent to the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k. To minimize the maximum of this over k.

So to minimize the maximum overlap, we need h to have minimal overlap with its shifted version. This is similar to designing a signal with low cross-correlation.

In coding theory, sequences with low cross-correlation are used. For example, binary sequences with low autocorrelation. The Barker codes have autocorrelation values that are minimal. However, they are short. For example, the Barker code of length 11 has autocorrelation values of 1 and -1. But how to apply that here.

Assuming that the initial_h_values are of length 95, perhaps we can generate a binary sequence with good properties. For example, if we can generate a binary sequence with low autocorrelation, then convert it into a step function.

Wait, but the problem requires h(x) to be a step function over [0,2], and the sum is 1. So if we have a binary sequence with length n, where the number of 1s is n/2, then converting that to h(x) might work.

But the length of the sequence would need to be compatible with the interval [0,2]. For example, if the initial_h_values are 95 points, then each point represents a width of dx=2/95.

So, perhaps the approach is to generate a binary sequence (0s and 1s) with low cross-correlation, ensure the sum is half the length (so that the integral is 1), then use that as h(x).

But how to generate such a sequence. One possible method is to use a binary sequence with low autocorrelation, like a Barker code. However, Barker codes are limited in length. For example, the longest is length 11. So for 95 points, perhaps a different approach is needed.

Alternatively, use a pseudorandom binary sequence with good properties, but that might not be deterministic. However, since the initial_h_values are provided, maybe they are based on some known pattern.

But the user's previous code used the initial_h_values, which may not be the best. So perhaps starting from there and applying a structured pattern adjustment.

Alternatively, use a sequence generated by a mathematical function that ensures low overlap. For example, using a sine wave or a square wave, but that might not be optimal.

Wait, another idea: perhaps use a function that is 1 for intervals of length 1/2, and 0 otherwise, but distributed in such a way that shifting it doesn't cause large overlaps. However, that might not meet the integral constraint.

Alternatively, the optimal solution might be a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged to minimize overlapping with their shifts.

But how to determine those intervals. Maybe divide the interval [0,2] into segments and assign h(x) to 1 in certain segments and 0 elsewhere.

For example, if the interval is divided into m segments, each of length dx. Then h(x) is 1 in certain segments. However, the total length must be 1. So the total length of segments where h(x)=1 should be exactly 1.

But the problem is that the overlap when shifted could be minimized by choosing segments that are spaced apart.

Wait, for instance, if the h(x) is 1 on intervals that are spaced in a way that when shifted, they don't overlap too much. This is similar to the concept of a spreading sequence in communications.

So, if we can model h(x) as a series of pulses spaced out, then the cross-correlation would be minimized.

For instance, if h(x) is 1 on several non-overlapping intervals, and 0 elsewhere. But since the integral is 1, the total length of the 1s must be 1. So the number of intervals and their spacing would determine the cross-correlation.

However, for the interval [0,2], if the 1s are spread out as evenly as possible, the maximum overlap when shifted by k would be minimized.

But how to model this. Perhaps using a uniform distribution, but that might not be optimal.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function h(x) that is 1 on intervals of length 1 and 0 elsewhere, but shifted in a way that their overlaps are minimized. Wait, but the integral would be 1, so the length of 1s would be 1.

For example, if h(x) is 1 on [0,1], 0 on (1,2]. Then shifting by k=0.5 would produce an overlap of 0.5. But this is worse than the current bound.

So that approach isn't helpful.

Another idea: perhaps use a function that is a combination of multiple pulses, each of small length, spread out around the interval. This could reduce the maximum overlap when shifted.

But how to choose the number and positions of these pulses.

Alternatively, consider the initial_h_values. Maybe the initial h is already a good candidate, and the previous optimization didn't find a better solution because of local minima. So perhaps using a different optimization approach would help.

But the user's previous code used SLSQP, which may not be the best. Perhaps using a different optimization algorithm, like genetic algorithms, could explore more of the search space. However, genetic algorithms are computationally expensive and might not fit within the time budget.

Alternatively, use a more efficient optimization method, such as coordinate descent or conjugate gradient, but I'm not sure.

Another approach is to use a deterministic construction based on known sequences. For example, using a binary sequence with low cross-correlation and then normalizing it to meet the integral constraint.

Let me think about how to generate such a sequence. Suppose I use a binary sequence of length n_points = 95, which has approximately half 1s and half 0s. Then, the cross-correlation with itself would be minimized. But how to generate that sequence.

Wait, if I take a random binary sequence with sum around 47.5, then normalize it. But that's what the initial_h_values might be. However, without knowing the structure, it's hard to tell.

Alternatively, maybe using a de Bruijn sequence or a greedy algorithm to create a sequence with low autocorrelation.

But perhaps the key is to use a structured pattern. For example, divide the interval [0, 2] into k segments and assign h(x) in a way that balances the overlaps.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a covering problem. For each shift k, the overlap integral is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x+k) is 0. To minimize the maximum of this over all k.

This is equivalent to designing h(x) such that for any shift k, the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k is minimized.

Thus, the optimal h(x) would be such that the regions where h(x) is 1 are as spread out as possible.

So one approach is to distribute the 1s as evenly as possible over the interval [0, 2], ensuring that when shifted, they don't overlap too much.

For example, if the interval is divided into m equal parts, and the 1s are placed in each part. But with the constraint that the total length is 1.

Wait, suppose the interval [0, 2] is divided into m equal segments. Each segment has length 2/m. If we want to place the 1s in such a way that each 1 is in a segment, then the number of 1s would be (total length) / (segment length) = (1) / (2/m) )= m/2. So m must be even. For example, if m=95 (which is not even), perhaps adjust m to be even.

But the initial h_values are of 95 points. So maybe the approach is to divide the interval into 95 segments, each of length 2/95, and assign 1s in certain segments.

But how to choose which segments to assign 1s to minimize overlaps.

This seems similar to the problem of scheduling non-overlapping events. Alternatively, it's similar to a binary sequence where the 1s are spaced out as much as possible.

But how to translate this into code.

Alternatively, think of the segments as being assigned a value of 1 or 0, such that the number of 1s is 47.5 (since sum is 47.5 for n_points=95). Wait, but the sum of h is 47.5, which means that the total area under h is 1. So if each segment is of length dx = 2/95, then the total number of 1s would be 47.5 / dx = 47.5 / (2/95) )= (47.5 * 95)/2 = 2281.25. Which isn't possible. So that approach isn't correct.

Ah, I see. Because the integral is sum(h) * dx = 1. So sum(h) = 1/dx = 1/(2/95) = 95/2 = 47.5. So the sum of h must be 47.5. Therefore, if we're using a binary step function (0 or 1), then the number of 1s would be 47.5, which is impossible since the number of 1s must be an integer. Therefore, the initial h_values must be a mix of 0s and 1s, with some intermediate values. Wait, but the initial_h_values are given as a step function. So perhaps the initial h_values are not necessarily binary. They could have values between 0 and 1.

Oh, right. The problem states that h is a step function, so it can have any values between 0 and 1. But the initial_h_values could have entries that are 0, 1, or something in between.

Wait, but for the best possible solution, maybe using a binary sequence would be optimal. However, since sum(h) must be 47.5 for n_points=95, which is not an integer, perhaps the h_values can't be purely binary. So, to model a binary sequence, we need to have some entries as 0.5, and others as 0 or 1, but that complicates things.

Alternatively, perhaps the user's initial_h_values are constructed in a way that optimizes the overlap. So, using them as a starting point and then applying a different optimization algorithm could be beneficial.

But the previous code used a SLSQP optimization, which might not find the optimal solution. So perhaps using a different method, like genetic algorithms, which can explore the search space more thoroughly.

But considering the time budget of 1100 seconds, and with only one CPU, genetic algorithms might be too slow.

Another idea: use a greedy algorithm to improve the initial_h_values. For example, evaluate the current cross-correlation for each shift and adjust the values of h to reduce the maximum overlap.

For example, for each point i, determine how much adjusting h[i] affects the cross-correlation for different shifts k. Then, iteratively adjust h[i] to minimize the maximum overlap.

However, this is an approximation and might not lead to the optimal solution.

Alternatively, use a randomized search, where we perturb the current h_values and accept improvements if they reduce C₅. But again, it's uncertain.

Another approach is to consider the problem as a constrained optimization problem and use a more effective optimization method. For example, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm. However, implementing PSO in Python could be time-consuming.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the previous approach can be refined. For instance, using a better initial guess, adding more constraints, or adjusting the optimization parameters.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a maximum of 500 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help. Alternatively, using a different method like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm.

But in the previous code, the initial_h_values are used as the starting point. If that's a good starting point, the optimization might converge to a local minimum, but with enough iterations, it could find better solutions.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial_h_values are not the best, so generating a better initial guess could help.

But how to generate a better initial guess. For example, using a structured pattern.

Wait, let's get back to the structured pattern idea. Let's try to generate a binary sequence with low cross-correlation, then convert it to a step function.

For example, suppose we have a binary sequence of length 95, where approximately half the values are 1s and the rest are 0s. However, the sum would be 47.5, so we need to have exactly 47.5 1s. Which is not possible, so maybe use a binary sequence with some 1s and some 0.5s. Alternatively, let's consider a sequence where the values are 0.5 and 1, with the right proportion.

But how to generate such a sequence with low cross-correlation.

Another idea: use a sequence that is periodic with a certain period, such that shifting it doesn't cause overlap. For example, a sequence that alternates between 1 and 0, but with a longer period.

For instance, if the period is p, then the sequence spends half the time as 1 and the other half as 0. However, shifting by p/2 would cause the overlap to be 0.5.

So for a sequence with period p, where p is even, the maximum overlap could be 0.5. But this might be a good starting point.

But for the integral to be 1, the sum of the sequence over [0,2] must be 1. For example, if the sequence is 1 for 1 unit and 0 for 1 unit, then the integral is 0.5. To get integral 1, we need to increase the length of the ones.

But this approach isn't directly applicable. However, maybe using multiple such segments.

Alternatively, think of the problem as assigning the "1" regions in such a way that they are as spread out as possible.

For example, divide the interval [0,2] into m sub-intervals and assign a portion of them to be 1s, ensuring that the total area is 1.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's challenging to create such a sequence.

Perhaps the key is to use the initial_h_values as a starting point and then apply a more effective optimization method. Let me think about the previous code. It uses SLSQP with some constraints, but maybe the optimization can be improved by using a different method.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation, maybe focus the optimization on reducing the largest cross-correlation terms first. For example, identify the shifts k that contribute the most to the C₅ value and adjust h to reduce those.

But how to do this in practice.

Alternatively, use a least squares approach, where we try to minimize the square of the cross-correlation values, subject to the constraints. However, this is a non-convex problem, so it's not guaranteed to give the best result.

But perhaps using a convex relaxation could help. For example, approximate the maximization over k as an average, and then minimize that. However, this is just a heuristic.

In any case, given the time budget, the best approach might be to refine the previous optimization, using a better initial guess and a more efficient optimization method.

Let me consider the initial_h_values. Let's assume that the initial_h_values are valid and have sum 47.5. So the previous code uses them as the initial guess. If that's the case, then the previous optimization might have found a local minimum. However, there might be a better solution.

So, perhaps using a different optimization algorithm. For example, using the COBYLA method, which is suitable for bound-constrained problems, or using a genetic algorithm.

But with the time budget, trying different methods could be time-consuming. However, the user's previous code used SLSQP, which might not be the best. Let me adjust the code to use a different optimization method.

Alternatively, use a combination of methods: first use the initial guess to find a baseline, then refine using a different method.

Another thought: since the objective function is non-convex, maybe applying a multi-start optimization, where multiple initial guesses are tried, could help. However, for the given time constraints, that might not be feasible.

Alternatively, try to improve the initial guess by applying a pre-processing step. For example, if the initial_h_values have high correlation for some shifts, adjust those points to reduce the overlap.

But how to implement that efficiently.

In the end, perhaps the best approach is to use a more refined version of the previous code, but with adjustments to the optimization method, such as using a different solver like SLSQP with more iterations, or using a gradient-based method with better settings.

Alternatively, switch to a solver that is more effective for this type of problem. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method. But the previous code used SLSQP.

Another idea: since the objective function is the maximum of several values, maybe the numerical optimization can be improved by focusing on the peaks. For example, using a sequential quadratic programming (SQP) method with a better tolerance.

So, in the code, perhaps increase the maximum number of iterations, decrease the tolerance, and try different solvers.

Also, the previous code uses the initial_h_values as the starting point. However, the initial_h_values might not be optimal, so generating a better initial guess could help.

But without knowing the structure, it's difficult to generate a better initial guess. Hence, relying on the provided initial_h_values and optimizing from there might be the best approach.

So, the plan is to modify the previous code to improve the optimization. For example:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Use a more effective optimization algorithm, like SLSQP with more iterations.
3. Adjust the optimization parameters, such as tolerance and maximum iterations.
4. Ensure that the optimization converges to a better solution.

Alternatively, use a different solver, like the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is suitable for bound-constrained problems.

Testing these changes might lead to a better solution.

Thus, the code would be adjusted to use a different optimization method, or refine the existing one. However, without any prior knowledge of the initial_h_values, it's hard to predict the outcome.

In conclusion, the approach is to refine the existing optimization code by using a more effective solver and/or adjusting the parameters to find a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
from scipy.signal import correlate

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    global initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    if n_points == 0:
        return np.array([]), 1.0, 0
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=np.float64)
    sum_h = np.sum(h)
    assert np.isclose(sum_h, n_points / 2), "Initial h must have sum = n_points / 2"
    
    # Evaluate initial C5 value
    cross_corr = correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    c5_initial = np.max(cross_corr * dx)
    
    # Optimize with structured pattern
    def objective(h_flat):
        h = h_flat.reshape(n_points)
        cross_corr = correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(cross_corr * dx)
    
    def constraint_sum(h_flat):
        return np.sum(h_flat) - n_points / 2
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    cons = [{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}]
    
    # Use Nelder-Mead for robustness and better local minima explore
    result = minimize(objective, h, method='Nelder-Mead', bounds=bounds, constraints=cons, 
                      options={'xatol': 1e-6, 'fatol': 1e-6, 'maxiter': 500})
    if not result.success:
        return h, c5_initial, n_points
    
    h = result.x
    cross_corr = correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    c5_value = np.max(cross_corr * dx)
    
    return h, c5_value, n_points
```