<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876, so we need to get as low as possible.

The previous approach used an initial construction and then tried to optimize it using SLSQP. But that got a result of 0.383424, which is still higher than the target. So, we need a better method.

First, I need to think about why the previous approach might not have been effective. Maybe the optimization got stuck in a local minimum. Or perhaps the initial construction wasn't optimal. Also, the SLSQP method might not be the best choice here due to the problem's complexity.

The problem requires us to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated by correlating h with 1 - h, then taking the maximum value. Since the integral is over [0,2], and the function is piecewise constant, the challenge is to balance the function values so that when you shift it by any k, the overlap isn't too large.

One idea is to consider the problem as an optimization with constraints. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap, which is a bit tricky because it's a max of integrals.

Another approach is to use genetic algorithms or other metaheuristics that can escape local optima. But given the time budget, maybe a more efficient method would be better. Alternatively, we can model this as a convex optimization problem if possible, but I don't think the max operation makes it convex.

Wait, the previous code used scipy's minimize with SLSQP. Maybe that's too local. Maybe using a different optimization method or a different starting point could help. Also, the initial_h_values might not be the best starting point.

The strategy mentioned in the problem suggests using dynamic programming with intervals. That sounds more promising. Breaking the problem into intervals and systematically splitting or merging them could help explore better configurations.

So, the plan is to start with a coarse partition of the interval [0,2], then iteratively split intervals where the overlap is high, and adjust the values to minimize the maximum overlap. This approach can balance exploration and refinement.

Let me outline the steps:

1. Start with an initial partition, maybe based on the initial_h_values or a uniform distribution. But since initial_h_values is provided, maybe use that as a starting point. But perhaps starting with a uniform partition would be better for exploring different configurations.

2. For each interval, check the overlap contribution and decide whether splitting it would help. Splitting intervals allows more flexibility in adjusting the function values.

3. When splitting, compute the overlap for both the original interval and the split intervals. If splitting reduces the maximum overlap, proceed with the split.

4. After splitting, adjust the values in the intervals to minimize the overlap. This could involve binary search for optimal values or some other method.

5. Repeat this process iteratively until a certain number of splits or until the overlap improves sufficiently.

But how to implement this efficiently? Also, how to track the intervals and compute overlaps?

Alternatively, maybe using a more global optimization method, but with a different initial setup. For example, using a simulated annealing approach could help avoid local minima.

Another idea is to use a particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm. PSO is good for continuous optimization and can handle complex landscapes. But implementing that might require some code.

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, which is a max operation, maybe we can use a method that directly targets this. For example, for each possible shift k, compute the overlap and find the maximum. Then, adjust the function h to minimize this max.

But how to model this for optimization?

Another thought: since the integral is over [0,2], and the function is periodic with period 2, maybe there's a way to exploit symmetry. For example, the function could have certain repeating patterns that help in reducing overlap.

But perhaps that's too vague. Let's think about the constraints again. The function must have an integral of 1 over [0,2]. So the average value is 0.5. The function is a step function, so it's piecewise constant.

Assuming that the optimal h has certain intervals where it's 0, 1, or somewhere in between. For example, maybe a combination of high and low values arranged so that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Wait, the original problem's C₅ is related to the Erdős conjecture on the maximum overlap. So the optimal h would be one that when shifted, the overlap with itself is minimized. This is similar to designing a function that is "spread out" in a way that its shifts don't overlap too much.

Maybe a good approach is to use a function that has several intervals where h is 1 and 0, but arranged such that the shifts don't align their 1s and 0s too much.

But how to find such an arrangement?

Alternatively, perhaps using a binary search approach where we try to find a function that splits the interval into parts with certain properties. For example, using a binary search to find the best split points where the overlap is minimized.

But I'm not sure. Let's think back to the code structure. The previous approach used a local optimization method. Maybe we need a different optimization approach, such as gradient descent with momentum or a more global method.

Another idea: since the overlap is a convolution, maybe we can model this as a convolutional operation and find the h that minimizes the maximum of the convolution with (1 - h). But how to model that as an optimization problem?

Alternatively, think of the problem as a game: for each k, you want to minimize the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) over x, and the maximum of these integrals is what we need to minimize. This is similar to game theory, but I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Let me try to think of possible ways to model this. The previous approach used a step function with a fixed number of intervals. Maybe the key is to increase the number of intervals, but the time budget is limited. However, the problem says to prefer smaller sequences with less than 1k samples, so perhaps using the initial 70 samples is better for speed.

Wait, the previous code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 70. The initial sample was 70 points. Maybe we can start with that and try to optimize it further.

But the previous run achieved 0.3834, which is still higher than the target. So perhaps we need to find a better initial configuration or a better optimization method.

Another thought: the problem might be better approached by considering that the maximum overlap occurs when the shifts k are aligned with the structure of h. Therefore, perhaps we can model this using Fourier analysis. The integral is similar to the convolution, and Fourier transforms could be useful here. However, since h is a step function, the Fourier transform might be complex, but maybe there's a way to use this for optimization.

Alternatively, we can think of the problem as minimizing the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. This is equivalent to finding h that makes all such integrals as small as possible.

But how?

Alternatively, consider that for each x, the value h(x) should be chosen so that when you shift by k, the product h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) is small. However, this is a global constraint.

Another approach is to model this as a convex optimization problem. If the objective can be expressed in a way that allows convexity, then we can apply optimizers that are more efficient. However, the max operation over k makes the problem non-convex, but maybe we can approximate it.

But I'm not sure. Let me think about possible ways to structure the problem.

Perhaps the key is to find a function h that is as "spread out" as possible. For example, if h is a step function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that when shifted, the regions where h(x) is 1 don't overlap with regions where 1 - h(x +k) is 1 (i.e., h(x +k) is 0). However, since the integral of h is 1, it can't be all 1s or all 0s. So perhaps a periodic pattern?

For example, if h is 1 on intervals of length 0.4 and 0 elsewhere, then the total length would be 0.8, but the integral needs to be 1. So maybe three such intervals: each of length 2/3, but that might not be optimal. It's not clear.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal h is a step function with two intervals of 1 and two intervals of 0, arranged to minimize overlap. But again, not sure.

Another idea: the current record is 0.38085. Let's think about what that represents. The overlap integral for k=0 would be the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx. Since h(x) is in [0,1], this is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx. Which is maximized when h is 0.5. But since the integral of h is 1, the average value is 0.5. The integral of h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx is equal to the integral of h(x) - h(x)^2 dx. Which for a mean of 0.5, the integral is 1*0.5 - (variance + 0.25). Hmm, not sure.

But for any h with integral 1, the maximum overlap (for some k) might be related to how spread out h is. Maybe the optimal h is a function that is as uncorrelated as possible with its shifts.

But how to construct such a function?

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can use the following approach: for each possible k, compute the overlap and ensure that all overlaps are below a certain threshold. Then, try to find the smallest threshold where this is possible. But how to do that?

This seems similar to a feasibility problem, where we can use a binary search on the threshold. For each threshold T, check if there exists a function h with integral 1 such that for all k, the overlap integral is ≤ T. If we can find the smallest T for which this is possible, that would be our bound.

But how to check feasibility for a given T? That's the hard part. It might involve solving an optimization problem with constraints for each k. However, the number of k's is infinite, so we need to approximate them. Maybe we can sample a set of k's and check those, or use some other method.

But given the computational budget, this might be too expensive.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal h is periodic with a certain period that allows us to model the problem with a finite number of constraints. For example, if we assume that the function has a certain periodic structure, then we can reduce the problem to checking a finite number of shifts.

But I'm not sure. This seems too vague.

Back to the problem: the previous code tried using SLSQP on the initial_h_values (70 points), but it might not have found a good enough solution. One possible reason is that the initial guess is not good enough, leading the optimization to get stuck in a local minimum. To improve, we might need to try different initial configurations or different optimization methods.

Another idea: use a different optimization algorithm, like a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing, which can explore the space more effectively. However, implementing these from scratch might take time, but given the time constraints, perhaps using a library like DEAP for genetic algorithms would be helpful.

But the user mentioned that we can use scipy, numpy, cvxpy, etc. So, perhaps using a different method in scipy's optimization.

Wait, the previous code used SLSQP. Maybe trying a different method, like COBYLA or Nelder-Mead, could lead to better results. Alternatively, using a global optimization method like differential evolution.

But differential evolution might be too slow for the given problem. However, given that the number of points is 70 (which is a manageable number), maybe it's feasible.

Alternatively, maybe using the initial_h_values as a baseline and applying some local refinements, like adjusting the values in the function to reduce the maximum overlap.

Another idea: the maximum overlap occurs at certain values of k. For example, the maximum might be achieved at k = 0 (the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx, which we can compute and try to minimize), but also at other values of k. So, perhaps focusing the optimization on minimizing the overlap for the k's that are most problematic.

But again, how to determine which k's are the worst?

Alternatively, since the overlap is a convolution, maybe we can find the maximum by evaluating over a grid of k values. For example, in the previous code, the overlap is computed using np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the convolution. The maximum value in that array is the maximum overlap.

But the maximum value could be at any k, and the number of k's is infinite. So, perhaps we should evaluate the convolution at a grid of k's and then take the maximum.

However, the previous code does this implicitly by using the full mode, which I think gives all possible shifts. But for a step function, the convolution could be evaluated for various shifts, but the function is periodic. Wait, but the domain is [0,2], so the shifts are over that interval. Hmm, this might require more analysis.

But perhaps the key is to find the h that makes the maximum overlap as small as possible. To do this, maybe we can model the problem as an optimization where the objective is the maximum of several expressions, each corresponding to a specific k. Since it's difficult to find the true maximum, we can approximate it by checking several key k values.

But how to choose those k values? Maybe check around the shifts where the function h has its steps.

Alternatively, since the previous method used a certain number of points (n_points=70), we can sample k values in the [0, 2] interval and compute the overlaps for those, then take the maximum of those as the objective.

But how does that fit into the optimization? The objective function would then be the maximum overlap for the sampled k's, which is an approximation of the true maximum.

This could be a trade-off between accuracy and computational cost. However, this might allow us to use a different optimization method that can find a better minimum.

But I'm not sure how to proceed. Maybe it's better to try a different approach for the optimization, such as using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate h functions and evolving them to minimize the overlap.

But implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch is time-consuming, and given the time budget, perhaps it's not feasible. However, the user allows using any of the mentioned libraries, including scipy and numpy.

Wait, maybe the code can be modified to use a different optimization method, such as differential evolution. Let's think: the previous code used SLSQP. Maybe switching to differential evolution would allow better exploration.

So, the plan is:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Optimize using a differential evolution method, which is more global.
- It may take more time, but given the time budget of 1100 seconds, it might be feasible for n=70 points.

But how to implement this in code?

The differential evolution method in scipy.optimize.differential_evolution can be used with the bounds and constraints. However, the constraints are that the sum of h is 35 (since dx=2/70=1/35, and sum(h)*dx=1 implies sum(h) = 35). So, for the constraints, we need to have the sum(h) equal to 35.

But the differential evolution method can handle constraints with the bounds and an equality constraint. So, we can model the problem with differential evolution and an equality constraint.

However, differential evolution is a stochastic method and might require more iterations to converge, but it's worth trying.

Another thing to note: the previous code used a maximum of 1000 iterations. Maybe increasing that could help, but the time budget is tight.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution:

Import differential evolution from scipy.optimize.

Define the bounds as before.

Define the constraint that sum(h) == 35.

The objective function is the max overlap, which is the maximum of the correlate result.

Wait, but in the previous code, the objective function was returning the max of the correlate, which is the maximum overlap. Then, when multiplied by dx, that gives the C5 value.

But when using differential evolution, we need to optimize the objective function. However, the maximum is a non-smooth function, which might cause issues with the DE algorithm. But perhaps it's manageable.

Another thing to consider is that the objective function needs to be scalar, so the max is taken, and then multiplied by dx.

So, the code can be adjusted to use differential evolution instead of SLSQP.

Let me outline the steps:

1. Import the necessary modules.

2. Define the run function, which will use differential evolution.

3. Set up the bounds as before (each h[i] between 0 and 1).

4. Define the constraint for the sum of h to be 35.

5. Define the objective function as the maximum overlap, which is computed as the maximum of the correlate result multiplied by dx.

6. Use differential evolution to find the minimum of this objective function.

This approach might explore a wider range of solutions and avoid getting stuck in local minima.

But the previous code used a fixed starting point. However, maybe using the initial_h_values as the starting point for differential evolution could help.

Another thing is that the initial_h_values might not be a good starting point, but since we're using a global method, perhaps it's better to start from a random initialization. However, the problem says that when initial_h_values is available, we should use it directly. So we should use that as the initial guess.

But in differential evolution, the initial population is random, so maybe not using it as the initial guess is better. Hmm, but the initial_h_values is a valid starting point.

Wait, the initial_h_values is linked to the problem's parent construction. If it's available, we should use it directly. So in the code, we should use it as the initial guess. However, in the differential evolution method, the starting population is randomly generated. So maybe we can use the initial_h_values as the initial guess for the optimization.

Alternatively, in the differential evolution method, the initial population can be set to the initial_h_values. But I'm not sure how to do that. Maybe not, since the DE algorithm usually generates the initial population randomly.

But in any case, maybe using differential evolution is better than SLSQP for this problem.

Let me try to write the code.

So, the code would look something like this:

import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import differential_evolution
from scipy.signal import correlate
import math

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    global initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_h = initial_h_values.copy()

    def objective(h):
        corr = correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx  # since the integrals are multiplied by dx

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - 35})

    result = differential_evolution(
        objective,
        bounds,
        constraints=cons,
        maxiter=100,
        popsize=15,
        tol=1e-6,
        mutation=(0.5, 1),
        recombination=0.9,
        seed=seed
    )

    best_h = result.x
    best_c5 = result.fun
    return (best_h, best_c5, n_points)

Wait, but the differential evolution function requires the objective function to return a scalar value, which it does (max_corr * dx). And the constraints are handled with the cons parameter. However, the mode 'full' in the correlate might not be the correct way to compute the overlap integral. Wait, the original code used the 'full' mode, which gives the full convolution, but the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) dx for each k. But the 'full' mode returns the convolution for all possible shifts. However, in the code, the correlation is computed as correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), which gives the convolution of h and 1-h. But the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) dx is the same as the correlation of h and 1-h at lag k. But I need to make sure that the code is correctly computing this.

Alternatively, perhaps the code should compute the cross-correlation, which is what the correlate function does. The 'full' mode gives all possible shifts, and the maximum value of the correlation would be the maximum overlap.

But the previous code used the max_corr * dx, which is the maximum correlation value multiplied by the dx, which is the correct scaling for the integral. So the objective function is correct.

Another thing to consider is that the differential evolution method might take longer than the SLSQP method. But with the given time budget of 1100 seconds, it might be feasible for n=70 points, as long as the code is optimized.

But the initial code used a maximum of 1000 iterations, and the DE method might need more. Also, the 'seed' is passed to the differential evolution function, which can help with reproducibility.

Another possible issue is that the constraints are not properly enforced. The constraints in the DE method must be handled correctly. However, since the constraints are an equality constraint, and the DE method can handle it, but it might be more challenging.

Wait, in scipy's differential_evolution, I think the 'constraints' parameter is not directly supported. The differential_evolution function does not support constraints, only bounds. So the previous code used SLSQP, which can handle constraints, but the DE method might not.

Oh! That's a problem. The differential evolution method in scipy.optimize.differential_evolution does not support constraints, only bounds. So this approach won't work for the equality constraint on the sum of h.

Therefore, the previous code used SLSQP because it can handle constraints. So, using a different optimization method that can handle constraints is necessary. In that case, maybe we should explore other methods, such as the SLSQP approach but with different parameters or a better initial guess.

Alternatively, we can adjust the objective function to include the constraint implicitly. For example, by using Lagrange multipliers, but that might complicate things.

Another idea: since the sum of h must be 35 (for dx = 2.0/70 = 1/35), we can use a penalty method in the objective function. For example, the objective function could be the max overlap plus a penalty term for the deviation from the sum constraint. But this introduces the challenge of choosing the penalty coefficient.

However, with the budget of 1100 seconds, it's possible to use a penalty method in the SLSQP optimizer. For example, modifying the objective function to be the max overlap plus a large penalty if the sum of h is not equal to 35.

But this might not be reliable. Alternatively, we can use the SLSQP method with the constraint as before but adjust the parameters to allow more iterations. The previous code used maxiter=1000, which might have been too small.

Alternatively, we can try a different optimization algorithm that can handle constraints, such as SLSQP but with more iterations or better settings.

In the previous code, the optimization used 1000 iterations, ftol=1e-6, and eps=1e-8. Perhaps the issue is that the optimization is not converging adequately. Increasing the number of iterations and/or adjusting the tolerance might help.

Another thing to try is to use a different initial guess. For example, instead of using the initial_h_values, we can generate a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint. This might help the optimizer find a better solution.

But the problem says that when initial_h_values is available, we should use it directly. So we should use that as the initial guess.

Another idea: instead of trying to minimize the max overlap, we can try to minimize the max overlap by penalizing high overlaps. For example, in the objective function, we can use the maximum overlap as the objective, which is what the code does.

But perhaps the optimization is getting stuck because the initial guess is not good. So, maybe trying a different initial guess would help. However, the initial_h_values is provided, so perhaps it's better to use that.

Another approach is to use the initial_h_values and perform several iterations of optimization with different initial points, but this might not be feasible within the time budget.

Alternatively, we can try to optimize the function using a different algorithm, such as the COBYLA method, which is suitable for problems with bounds and constraints.

So, modifying the previous code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP, with a higher number of iterations.

Let me adjust the code:

Including the COBYLA method, which is available in scipy.optimize.minimize.

The code would look like:

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    global initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_h = initial_h_values.copy()

    def objective(h):
        corr = correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - 35})

    result = minimize(
        objective,
        initial_h,
        method='COBYLA',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=cons,
        options={'maxiter': 1000, 'ftol': 1e-6, 'eps': 1e-8}
    )

    best_h = result.x
    best_c5 = result.fun
    return (best_h, best_c5, n_points)

But how to test this? Well, I'm not sure if the COBYLA method will converge faster or better. It depends on the problem's landscape.

Another thing to try is to use a more aggressive optimization by adjusting the options. For example, increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance.

Alternatively, switch to the 'SLSQP' method but use more iterations and better settings.

But the previous code was already using SLSQP with 1000 iterations, and the result was 0.3834. Maybe the issue is that the initial guess isn't good enough, leading to a suboptimal solution.

So, to improve this, perhaps we can use a better initial guess. For example, instead of starting from the initial_h_values, we could generate a random initial guess that satisfies the constraint sum(h) = 35, and test whether that leads to a better solution. However, the problem states to use the initial_h_values if available, so we can't change that.

Another approach is to use the initial_h_values as a baseline and apply a post-processing step to refine it. For example, identify the intervals where the overlap is highest and adjust the values in those intervals to reduce the overlap.

But this seems more of a heuristic and might not be efficient.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a multi-objective optimization problem. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, and the constraint is the integral of h being 1. This is a single objective with a constraint.

Perhaps the optimization is stuck because the initial guess is not good enough. So, trying to use a different initial guess could help. But since we are supposed to use the initial_h_values, we have to work with that.

In summary, the previous code uses SLSQP with certain settings, but the result is not good enough. To improve, we could try different optimization methods, such as COBYLA or differential evolution with adjustments. However, due to the constraints, differential evolution might not be feasible.

Alternatively, try to adjust the optimization parameters: increase the number of iterations, decrease the tolerance, or use different optimization settings.

Another possible issue is that the initial_h_values might have a high overlap, so the optimization is not making enough progress. But without knowing the exact values of initial_h_values, it's hard to say.

Perhaps the code can be modified to use a more robust optimization method with more iterations. Let's try that.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (1000), but maybe increasing it would help. However, the time budget is 1100 seconds. Let's estimate: for each optimization iteration, how much time does it take?

Assuming that each iteration takes about 0.1 seconds, 1000 iterations would take about 100 seconds, leaving time for more iterations. But without knowing, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, the code can be modified to use a lower tolerance and more iterations, but the problem is that the optimization might not converge.

Another thing to consider is the way the overlap is computed. The correlate function with mode 'full' returns the full convolution. However, the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx for a given k is equal to the value of the correlation at shift k. However, the full mode gives the correlation for all possible k, including those where x +k is outside the interval [0, 2]. But in the problem, the overlap is computed for x in [0, 2], so maybe the correlate is not directly applicable. Wait, the original code uses the correlate function with mode 'full', which returns an array of length 2n -1. The maximum value in that array is the maximum overlap, but we need to ensure that the overlap is computed correctly.

Alternatively, the overlap integral for each shift k is computed over the overlap between the intervals where both x and x +k are in [0, 2]. So, the correlation may not capture this properly. But the original code uses the correlate function and multiplies by dx. Maybe that's correct.

But to confirm, let's think: for the overlap integral for a given k, the integral is from x=-k to x=2 -k, but since the original domain is [0,2], the actual integral is over x in [0,2 -k] if k >0, or x in [k, 2] if k <0. However, the correlate function with mode 'full' returns the correlation for all shifts, but the maximum value is the maximum of these integrals.

So the original code's approach is correct in taking the maximum of the correlate result and multiplying by dx.

Therefore, the objective function is correctly defined.

Another possible improvement: use a more efficient way to compute the overlap. For example, instead of computing the full correlate, precompute the possible shifts that are relevant. For example, the maximum overlap might occur for certain k values, so sample those and compute the overlap for them. But without knowing which k's are important, this is speculative.

At this point, the most feasible approach is to try improving the previous code by using a better optimization method or adjusting parameters. Given that the initial code used SLSQP with a certain number of iterations, perhaps increasing the number of iterations and adjusting the tolerance might help.

Another thing to consider is that the initial guess's overlap might be too high, so the optimization is stuck in a local minimum. To escape this, we could use a different starting point. However, the problem requires using the initial_h_values if available, so that's not an option.

Alternatively, we can perturb the initial guess slightly to avoid getting stuck in the same local minimum. But again, not sure if that's allowed.

In conclusion, the plan is to adjust the previous code to use a different optimization method, like COBYLA, with more iterations and better settings, or to try a global optimization method that can handle the constraints. However, given the constraints on the optimization methods, the best option might be to tweak the SLSQP parameters, increase the number of iterations, and see if that leads to a better result.

Let me write the code with the adjusted settings, perhaps increasing the maxiter and changing the method.

Another idea: the previous code used the 'SLSQP' method, which is a sequential quadratic programming method. Maybe using the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which is a derivative-free optimization method, could help. However, it's less likely to handle constraints well.

Alternatively, try the 'SLSQP' method with different settings, such as changing the 'ftol' and 'eps' parameters. Lowering the tolerance might allow more precise optimization.

But without knowing the specifics, it's hard to say. Let's proceed with modifying the code to use the SLSQP method with increased maxiter and better settings.

Thus, the final code would be similar to the previous one, but with adjusted parameters. Also, the name of the function should match the required interface.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
from scipy.signal import correlate
import math

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    global initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_h = initial_h_values.copy()

    def objective(h):
        corr = correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - 35})

    # Use COBYLA with tightened tolerances and increased iterations
    result = minimize(
        objective,
        initial_h,
        method='COBYLA',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=cons,
        options={
            'maxiter': 1500,   # Increased iteration count
            'ftol': 1e-7,      # Tighter function tolerance
            'eps': 1e-8,       # Smaller step size
            'rhobeg': 1e-3,    # Initial step size
            'rhoend': 1e-6     # Final step size
        }
    )

    best_h = result.x
    best_c5 = result.fun
    return (best_h, best_c5, n_points)
```