<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP optimization and differential evolution, starting from the initial_h_values. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem is about finding a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral with its shifted versions. The key is to minimize the maximum value of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx over all k. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h takes values in [0,1].

The previous approach uses a combination of initial guesses generated with pulse, saw, and triangular waves, then applies SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe we can find a better way by exploring different initializations or optimization strategies.

One thing that might help is considering more structured initial guesses. The initial_h_values might be a specific pattern, but perhaps generating different patterns could lead to better results. Maybe using a grid-based approach or more symmetrical patterns?

Another angle is to consider the structure of the problem. The overlap integral for a shift k can be thought of as the integral over x where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0, and vice versa. So, to minimize the maximum overlap for any shift, the function h should be arranged in such a way that overlaps with its shifted versions are minimized.

The previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but maybe it's too slow given the time constraints. Also, the SLSQP method might get stuck in local minima. Perhaps switching to Bayesian optimization or a better global search method would help, but that's not part of the allowed libraries.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization strategy with tight constraints. Since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, maybe we can model it as a minimax problem. But how?

Another thought: the current approach uses a fixed number of samples (n_points), but maybe varying the number of points could help. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred because they are faster. The previous code uses n=45 samples (initial_h_values has 45 elements), which is manageable.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given as a starting point. Maybe instead of generating random initial guesses, we can use a more informed approach. For example, using a Fourier-based method or designing h to have certain symmetries that reduce overlapping.

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model this as a control problem where we adjust h to avoid overlaps. But how?

Another idea is to use a more efficient initial guess. The previous code uses pulse, saw, and triangle functions. Maybe adding more patterns, like square waves or other periodic functions with varying frequencies and duty cycles, could help.

But given the time constraints, maybe focusing on refining the existing approach. The previous code uses multiple guesses and optimizes them with SLSQP and DE. But perhaps we can make the initial guesses more diverse or adjust the hyperparameters of the optimization methods to better explore the search space.

Another aspect is the objective function. The code uses the maximum of the correlation, which is the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k))dx. Maybe approximating this with a different method, like using a grid search or Monte Carlo sampling, but that might not help in optimization.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of samples (45). To save time, maybe using a lower number of samples (like n_points=30 or 40) would allow more iterations, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. But if we can't reduce the number, maybe we have to find the best way to optimize.

Another thing to consider is the constraints. The function h has to integrate to 1 over [0,2], so each sample contributes (sum(h) * dx) = 1. The code enforces this via the constraint in the optimization.

What about using multiple objective functions? For instance, trying to minimize the maximum of several shifts, but the current code only minimizes the maximum over all k. Maybe a better approach is to balance the overlaps for different shifts.

Alternatively, since the problem is over the interval [0,2], maybe designing h to have periodicity or symmetry that reduces overlaps when shifted. For example, if h is composed of multiple segments arranged in a way that shifting it by certain amounts doesn't create overlaps.

Another idea is to model the problem as an integer programming problem, but with large n_points, that's not feasible. However, since we're using numerical optimization, perhaps we can adjust the way we generate the initial guesses to have more promising candidates.

Wait, perhaps the initial_h_values is a specific pattern that's not optimal, so generating different initial patterns could help. For example, using a more balanced distribution of 0s and 1s, or a pattern that has equal intervals, but adjusted to minimize overlaps.

But how to generate such a pattern algorithmically? For example, a grid where the function is 1 in certain intervals and 0 otherwise, arranged to avoid overlaps when shifted.

Alternatively, using a greedy approach: placing regions where h is 1 in a way that minimizes the overlap with their shifted versions. But this might be too simplistic.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap is maximized when the shifted regions overlap as much as possible, so perhaps the optimal h is one where the regions where h is 1 are as spaced apart as possible, but given the integral constraint.

But the problem is that h has to be a step function, so it's piecewise constant. So maybe the best approach is to have regions of 1s separated by gaps, such that shifting by a certain amount doesn't cause the 1s to overlap.

But how to determine the optimal arrangement? This seems like a covering problem.

Another thought: since the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], the average value of h is 0.5. So, perhaps the optimal h is a step function that is 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, with the total length of 1s being 1. For example, if h is 1 in intervals of length t, then there are n such intervals, so t*n = 1, but also the arrangement must minimize overlaps with shifted versions.

Wait, for example, if h is 1 in three intervals of length 1/3 each, spaced apart in a way that shifting by a certain amount doesn't cause overlaps. However, this is vague.

Alternatively, thinking about the problem as a sliding window: for any shift k, the overlap between h and 1 - h shifted by k is (integral h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx). To minimize the maximum of this over all k.

But how to design h to minimize this? Perhaps the optimal h is a periodic function that repeats every certain period, making shifts by that period not overlap. But the interval is [0,2], so maybe the shifts could be more complex.

Another approach is to use a heuristic where h is designed to have equal parts of 1s and 0s, but arranged such that overlaps are minimized. For example, using a checkerboard pattern but over the interval.

Alternatively, considering the problem as similar to the concept of a set with minimal pairwise overlaps, but in a continuous setting.

But given the time constraints, perhaps focusing on improving the existing code's approach. The previous code uses a combination of initial guesses and DE followed by SLSQP. Maybe adjusting the number of iterations, the population size in DE, or the mutation parameters could lead to better results.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using different frequencies and duty cycles for the pulse, saw, and triangle functions.

Alternatively, instead of generating random initial guesses, use a more informed approach. For instance, starting with the initial_h_values and performing a perturbation around it.

But the user mentioned that starting from initial_h_values is possible. Maybe the initial_h_values is a suboptimal solution, and by exploring nearby regions, we can find a better one.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with more iterations, but the previous code uses SLSQP with a limited number of iterations.

Another thought: the objective function is the maximum of the correlation. Since the correlation is a vector, perhaps solving for the worst-case shift. Maybe instead of using all shifts, we can focus on the shifts that are most likely to cause high overlap, but this would require knowing which shifts those are, which is part of the problem.

Another possible optimization is to use a more efficient algorithm for the evaluation of the correlation. The current code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which might be slow for large n_points. However, the user mentioned that for small n_points (like 45), this is manageable.

But in the current code, the maximum of the correlation is taken, which is the C_5 value. To minimize this, perhaps we can use a different method for the evaluation, but I'm not sure.

Another point is the constraints. The code uses an equality constraint for the integral of h to be 1. This is handled by the 'cons' function. The bounds are between 0 and 1. So the optimization is constrained to the feasible region.

Perhaps using a different optimization method, like Bayesian optimization, could be more efficient. However, the available libraries for Python don't have built-in Bayesian optimization, unless using scikit-optimize or similar, but the user's code allows using scipy.optimize so maybe using differential evolution is the way to go.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses, as the current code does. But again, the same as before.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution with 100 population size and maxiter 100. Maybe increasing the number of generations or the population size could lead to better results, but this might be time-consuming.

Another thing to note: the previous code uses a fixed initial guess and then iteratively refines it. Perhaps using more initial guesses, especially ones that are more varied, could help escape local minima.

In addition, the code uses the initial_h_values as one of the guesses, which may be a good starting point, but maybe other patterns can be better.

So, perhaps the key is to generate a variety of initial patterns and optimize them, then select the best one. The previous code generates several guesses based on different waveforms. Maybe adding more types of waveforms, or varying parameters, could improve this.

For example, generating more triangle waves with different frequencies and duty cycles, or using square waves, or combinations of different waveforms.

Another idea: using a grid of parameters for generating the initial guesses. For example, varying the frequency, duty cycle, and shape (pulse, saw, triangle) for each guess. This could create more diverse initial points.

But how to implement this in code? Well, the code already has functions to generate pulse, saw, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more parameters or more wave types.

Alternatively, using a different approach to generate initial guesses. For example, creating h functions that have certain symmetries or properties that might lead to lower overlap.

Another consideration is the evaluation of the objective function. The current code computes the maximum of the correlation, which is the maximum overlap for any shift. However, maybe the maximum occurs for specific shifts, and we can focus the optimization on those.

But how to know which shifts are critical? Perhaps not, unless we can precompute them, which might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a different metric: instead of the maximum, maybe using an average. However, the problem requires minimizing the maximum, so that's not helpful.

Another angle: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal solution is when all overlaps are equal. This is similar to the concept of balancing the worst-case. So, perhaps the optimal h has the same overlap integral for all k. This is an assumption, but if that's the case, then we can model the problem to find such h.

However, solving this analytically is challenging, but maybe the optimization can be adjusted to encourage this balancing.

But again, this is more of a heuristic than a concrete approach.

In terms of code structure, the previous code defines a bunch of waveform-generating functions. Maybe adding more functions or varying the parameters can help. For example, generating more random guesses with different distributions.

Wait, the code has a gen_random() function that generates random h values. Maybe generating more random starting points with different seeds could help, but since the seed is fixed, perhaps varying the randomness in the random guesses would be better.

Another thought: the previous code uses 5 iterations of generating random guesses, but maybe increasing that number would help, but with time constraints, it's not clear.

In terms of time, the code has a budget of 100 seconds. The previous code uses differential evolution for a certain number of iterations, then refines with SLSQP. Maybe optimizing the number of iterations for each method could help.

Another point: the DE optimization has a mutation parameter (0.8, 0.99), and recombination 0.9. Perhaps adjusting these parameters to explore the search space more effectively.

Alternatively, using a different optimization strategy for the initial phase. For example, using a genetic algorithm with more diversity in the population.

But given the available libraries, the current approach using differential evolution is the best option.

Another idea: the current code uses 100 population size for DE, which might be too large for the time budget. Maybe reducing the population size to increase the number of iterations.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first perform a global search with DE to find a good approximation, then perform a local refinement with SLSQP.

The previous code does this with a few iterations. Maybe increasing the number of DE iterations or using more population size could help find a better solution.

Another thing: the code uses a 'refine' step with SLSQP after the DE steps, which is good for improving the solution. But perhaps more refinement steps could be added.

In terms of the initial guess, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe starting from it and then perturbing it could help.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess based on the initial_h_values. For example, applying a small perturbation to the initial_h_values to generate a new guess and then optimizing.

But how to implement this? It's already part of the code's approach, as the initial_h_values is one of the guesses.

In summary, the previous code's approach is to generate a variety of initial guesses, optimize them with DE and SLSQP, then refine the best solution. To improve this, perhaps:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses or vary the parameters more.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods (DE population size, maxiter, mutation parameters).
3. Use more diverse initial patterns (more waveform types, different frequencies, etc.).
4. Improve the refinement steps by doing more iterations or using different optimization methods.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to tweak the existing code. For example, increasing the number of initial guesses, adjusting the DE parameters, and increasing the number of refinement steps.

Another possible improvement is to use a better initial guess. For example, using the initial_h_values and then generating other initial guesses based on that pattern but with slight modifications.

Alternatively, instead of generating random functions, use a structured approach to create initial guesses. For instance, using a grid of frequencies or duty cycles for the pulse, saw, and triangle waves, and generating multiple initial guesses based on that grid.

In code, this could mean generating more guesses by varying frequency and duty cycle parameters, leading to more diverse initial points.

Another thing: the previous code uses frequencies like 2,3,4,5,6,7,8,10,12. Maybe expanding this list or adding other values could lead to better initial guesses.

Additionally, the code uses a loop for generating random guesses, but perhaps increasing the number of random guesses could help find better solutions.

Considering that, perhaps the code could be modified to generate more initial guesses, or vary the parameters of the waveform functions more systematically.

In terms of code implementation, the functions gen_pulse, gen_saw, gen_tri are defined to generate waveforms. To generate more guesses, we could add more calls to these functions with varying parameters.

For example, in the 'guesses' list, instead of adding a few frequencies, add more, or vary duty cycles.

Another idea is to use a music-like approach, where the h function is a periodic function with certain frequencies and duty cycles, which could have better overlap properties.

But all of this is speculative.

In terms of time, the code uses 100 seconds. The previous code runs DE with population 100 and maxiter 100. If we reduce the population size, we can increase the maxiter, which might lead to better exploration.

Alternatively, using a smaller population and more iterations could be better.

In the current code, after generating initial guesses, DE is run with 100 maxiter, and then a refinement step. Maybe reducing the DE's maxiter and increasing iterations in refinement.

But again, without knowing the exact performance, it's hard to say.

Another thing to note is that the user mentioned the initial_h_values has 45 samples, which is manageable. Maybe increasing the number of samples would allow better optimization, but the user prefers smaller sequences.

In conclusion, the main points to consider are:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods (DE and SLSQP).
- Use more refinement steps to improve the solution.
- Explore different waveform types and parameters.

Based on this, I can modify the code to generate more initial guesses by varying the parameters of the waveform functions and adjust the DE parameters. Also, increasing the number of DE iterations or refinement steps might help.

The code will need to be compact, so I'll have to make sure that the new code fits within the constraints, especially the line count and character limit.

Another possible optimization is to replace the initial_h_values with a different pattern, but since initial_h_values is provided, I should use it directly.

Now, I'll try to think about how to implement these changes in the code.

First, in the guesses list, adding more frequencies and varying duty cycles. For example, adding more frequencies, like 1, 9, 11, etc., and varying the duty cycles for each.

Alternatively, using a loop to generate multiple guesses based on different parameters.

But in code, it's easier to generate several guesses with different parameters.

Another idea: instead of using frequencies up to 12, use a wider range or more multiples.

Also, the gen_random function generates a random h with some normalization. Maybe increasing the number of random guesses would help.

Another possible change: during the initial guesses phase, use more random guesses (e.g., 10 instead of 5), generating more diverse starting points.

Additionally, adjusting the DE parameters to have more iterations or a larger population if allowed by time.

But I need to make sure the code fits within the time budget.

In the previous code, after generating the initial guesses, DE is run with popsize=100, maxiter=100, which might be time-consuming. Perhaps reducing the popsize to 50 and increasing maxiter to 150, or something like that.

Alternatively, using a lower popsize with more iterations.

Another change is in the refinement steps: after the initial optimization, the code runs refinement with SLSQP for 6 steps, each time checking the time. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps could help.

Putting all this together, the modified code would:

- Generate more initial guesses with varied parameters.
- Use more diverse waveforms.
- Adjust DE and SLSQP parameters for better exploration and refinement.
- Possibly modify the number of iterations and population sizes.

Now, I'll try to code this approach, ensuring that it adheres to the constraints.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_tri(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.abs(np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x))
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        r = np.random.rand(n_points)
        return np.clip((r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * 0.5 + 0.5, 0, 1)

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.35))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.4))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.5))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=150,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.7, tol=1e-8)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(8):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```