<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and I need to see if I can get lower than that, ideally approaching 0.380876. The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization methods, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better approach.

Hmm. The previous approach uses some generated guesses like pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves, but maybe that's too restrictive. Also, the code might get stuck in local minima. Let's think about different strategies.

First, perhaps the initial construction is not optimal. The initial_h_values given is for n=45 points. Maybe trying a higher number of points could yield a better result, but the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. However, maybe there's a sweet spot where more points allow for finer control without too much computation. Wait, the user mentions that smaller sequences are better, so maybe sticking to around 100 points is better for speed.

Wait, the problem says that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe using a larger n_points (like 100) is manageable within the 100s budget. But how does the computation time scale? The previous code uses SLSQP and DE, which can be computationally intensive. Maybe I need a more efficient optimization strategy.

Another idea: the overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So the problem is to find a function h that minimizes the maximum overlap over all shifts k. Since the integral is over [0,2], the shifts k could be in a range where x + k is still within [0,2]. Maybe the optimal h is periodic or has some symmetry.

Looking into the problem, the Erdős constant C_5 relates to the optimal way to arrange a function on [0,2] to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted. Intuitively, the function should be as "spread out" as possible, avoiding having too much overlapping when shifted. Maybe using a piecewise constant function with multiple segments, each set to 0 or 1, but arranged in a way that minimizes overlaps.

But how to model this? Since the previous code uses a step function (h is a step function represented by samples), maybe using more segments or a better initial guess would help. The initial guess is given as initial_h_values, which I can use. Maybe I should start from there and try to optimize further.

Wait, the problem allows using different starting points. Maybe generating multiple initial guesses based on different patterns (like pulses, random, etc.) and then optimizing each one could help find a better minimum.

But the previous code tried generating several guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, triangle. Maybe I can think of other patterns, such as more complex waveforms or random starting points. However, the code needs to run within 100 seconds, so generating too many initial guesses could be time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach, where we evolve a population of functions over generations, selecting those that give lower C5. But implementing a genetic algorithm might be complex and might not fit within the time constraints.

Alternatively, maybe using a gradient-based optimization with a better initial guess. The previous code uses SLSQP and DE, but perhaps combining different methods or adjusting the parameters would help. For example, using a more efficient optimization method, or using a better initial guess.

Another approach: think about the problem as an optimization problem with constraints. The integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the overlap integrals. However, since the problem is non-convex, finding the global minimum is challenging. Gradient-based methods may get stuck in local minima, so maybe using a global optimization method like DE is necessary, but with smarter parameter tuning.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution (DE) with a popsize of 100, which is quite large. Maybe reducing the population size while increasing the number of generations could be more efficient. Also, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters might help.

But another thought: the current code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. Maybe the initial_h_values isn't the best. Let me think about what the initial_h_values might look like. If it's a 45-point array, perhaps it's a rough approximation of some optimal pattern. But without knowing, it's hard to say. However, the code is allowed to use initial_h_values directly.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess is not sufficient, and generating more diverse initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, using a combination of random starts, patterned starts (like pulses or waves), and maybe even randomized versions of existing patterns.

Another consideration: the evaluation of the correlation is done via np.correlate, which computes the full correlation. But since the function is defined on [0,2], the shifts k would be such that when you shift h(x) by k, the overlap integrates over the overlapping regions. The code computes the max of these correlations, multiplied by dx. However, the maximum may occur at certain shift values, so perhaps focusing the optimization on those critical shifts could help.

Wait, the current approach minimizes the maximum of all possible shifts. So the function must be designed such that no matter how you shift it, the overlap isn't too high. This is a bit like a covering problem, where the function's "active" regions are spaced in a way that when shifted, they don't overlap too much.

What if we model the function as a set of intervals where h(x) is 1 (active), and the rest is 0. Then, the overlap when shifted would be the integral of h(x) where both h(x) and h(x + k) are 1. But since the function is a step function, maybe the maximum overlap occurs when the shifts align two active intervals. However, the previous code uses a continuous function h(x), not just steps, so the optimal might not be a piecewise constant function. But perhaps treating it as such could be a starting point.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal function is a periodic wave with specific properties. For example, a sine wave with certain frequency and amplitude. But generating such functions and optimizing them could be a way to explore.

Another idea: since the function is over [0,2], and the integral is 1, the average value is 0.5. So maybe the function is designed to have high values in certain regions and low in others, ensuring that shifting it doesn't lead to overlaps. For instance, a function that has peaks spaced apart so that when shifted, their peaks don't overlap much.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? The previous code uses a step function with n_points samples. Maybe using more detailed optimization steps, such as using gradient-based methods with more accurate derivatives, could help. However, the objective function is not differentiable everywhere, so it's challenging.

Wait, the code uses SLSQP with the constraints. Maybe there's a way to improve the optimization by using a better initial guess or by adjusting the optimization parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations or using a more precise tolerance.

Another consideration: the current code uses multiple guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, triangle) and then tries to optimize them. But maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, adding random perturbations to the initial guess, or using different patterns (like square waves with varying duty cycles, or other waveforms).

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where some initial guesses are optimized with SLSQP, and then others are evolved with DE. But I need to balance the time.

Wait, the code's time budget is tight. So the code must be efficient. Maybe using fewer guesses and more refinement. For example, using a single good initial guess, then refining it with SLSQP and DE, but making sure that the code doesn't take too long.

Another idea: the current code uses a combination of different starting points, but maybe focusing on a few high-quality starting points would be better. For example, taking the initial_h_values and a few other patterns that are likely to perform well.

Additionally, perhaps the previous code uses a fixed n_points (45) and doesn't explore other n_points. What if varying n_points could yield better results? For example, trying with n_points = 50, 100, etc., and then optimizing. However, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred, but maybe there's an optimal n_points that balances speed and result quality.

But the current code uses the initial_h_values which is for n=45. Let's assume that the user wants to stick with that. Or perhaps to test with a different number of points. However, since the initial code has already been run with n=45, maybe trying a higher n_points could help. But how to fit that into the time budget?

Alternatively, maybe the current code can be optimized by reducing the number of iterations, improving the DE parameters, or using more efficient optimization.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution with popsize=100, which may be computationally heavy. Maybe reducing the popsize to 20 or 30, and increasing the number of generations could be more efficient. But the code must finish within the time.

Another approach: using a combination of local and global optimization. For example, first use a global method (like DE) to find a good starting point, and then refine it with a local method (like SLSQP). This is what the previous code does. But perhaps adjusting the parameters for DE could help. For example, using a higher mutation rate or different recombination strategies.

Also, the code uses a fixed number of DE iterations. Maybe increasing the number of generations (maxiter) for DE could lead to better results, but that would take more time. So, the code has to balance between exploration and exploitation.

Another thought: the evaluation function is the maximum of the correlation. So, during optimization, maybe focusing on reducing that maximum value, even if some other shifts have higher values. However, the code already does this by minimizing the maximum, which is the objective.

Another angle: the overlap integral for a shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since the integral is over the domain where x + k is still in [0, 2], this can be interpreted as the integral of h(x) over the region where h(x + k) is 0. Therefore, the maximum of these integrals represents the worst-case overlap when shifting by k. To minimize this maximum, the function h should be designed so that for any shift k, the overlap is small.

This is similar to designing a function that is "spread out" in the sense that when shifted, it doesn't align with itself too much. Perhaps using a function that has a certain periodicity or spacing between active regions.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem. Maybe the function should have a certain number of "active" regions that are spaced apart. For example, if the function has 5 active regions (since the constant C₅ is related to 5, perhaps), but I'm not sure. Alternatively, the function could have a structure that avoids overlapping when shifted by certain amounts.

Another idea: the function h(x) could be designed to be piecewise constant with different levels, not just 0 and 1. But the problem states that h(x) ∈ [0,1], so the function can have intermediate values. However, the previous code uses step functions (sampled values as 0 or 1), but maybe allowing intermediate values could be better. However, the initial code uses a step function as the base.

Wait, the problem allows h to be any function in [0,1], not necessarily a step function, so perhaps a more continuous function could be better. However, the code represents h as a step function with samples. So, maybe using a more sophisticated function, like a sinusoidal or other waveform, could help. But how to model that?

Alternatively, using a combination of different waveforms. For example, a square wave with certain parameters, but adjusted via optimization.

But integrating all these possibilities might be too complex for the code to handle within the time budget.

Perhaps focusing on optimizing the initial_h_values further. The previous code uses SLSQP and DE to refine the initial guess. Maybe a better approach is to use more efficient optimization parameters, or to use a different method that can handle the constraints better.

Wait, the previous code uses the constraints as an equality constraint (sum(h) = target_sum). The optimization is subject to that. For SLSQP, providing a good initial guess is crucial. So, perhaps generating a better initial guess could lead to a better solution.

But how to generate a better initial guess? Maybe the initial_h_values is not the best possible. For example, if the initial guess is a certain pattern, maybe modifying it with some perturbation could help.

Alternatively, using a randomized initial guess with some structure. For example, randomizing the initial_h_values but ensuring that the sum is correct.

Another idea: using a genetic algorithm approach where the population is a set of functions, and each function is evolved over generations. However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch in Python may be time-consuming, and might not fit into the budget.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with the SLSQP method. The previous code uses several initial guesses, but maybe adding more could help. However, the code needs to be efficient.

Another consideration: the previous code uses 5000 parameters (n_points=45, and guesses generated), but the time is limited. So, perhaps reducing the number of guesses while focusing more on refining the best candidates.

Wait, the previous code tries a lot of different guesses, including pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Maybe generating more of these guesses could help, but without knowing what's effective, it's hard to tell.

Another thought: the time budget is 100s. The previous code runs multiple DE and SLSQP optimizations. Perhaps optimizing the DE parameters to be more efficient. For example, using a lower popsize, higher mutation, etc.

In the previous code's DE guess function, it uses popsize=100, maxiter=80. Maybe reducing popsize to 50 and increasing maxiter to 100 would help. Or adjusting mutation and recombination parameters.

Also, in the DE function, the code uses a tolerance of 1e-9. Maybe reducing the tolerance could speed up the process, but it may not lead to better results.

Another angle: the maximum overlap value is the maximum over all possible shifts. For the integral calculation, when the shift k is such that x +k is within [0,2], the overlap is computed. But since the function is over [0,2], the shifts can be in a range where the overlap occurs. However, due to the periodicity of the function (assuming it's periodic), the max overlap may be achieved at certain key shifts.

But how to exploit that. Maybe focusing the optimization on shifts that are likely to cause higher overlaps. For example, shifts corresponding to the period of the function.

Alternatively, using a grid search over possible shifts to find the maximum. However, this would add complexity and runtime.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the previous approach is the best way to go, but with some adjustments.

Let me think about the previous code's steps. It uses a series of generated initial guesses, then optimizes each with SLSQP. Then, runs DE for a few iterations, and then refines with SLSQP again. This is a multi-phase optimization approach.

To improve this, maybe:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses by adding more diverse patterns (e.g., random pulses, other waveforms, random perturbations to existing guesses).

2. Optimize the DE parameters for better convergence speed.

3. Use more efficient optimization methods for SLSQP, such as better tolerances or more iterations.

4. Focus on refining the best candidates from the initial phase.

5. Reduce the number of iterations for DE while maintaining the number of generations to save time.

Another idea: since the initial code uses a 45-point function, but the user said that smaller sequences are better, perhaps the code could try with a larger number of points (like 100) to allow for more detailed optimization, but that would require more computation. However, given the time constraint, maybe it's better to stick with the initial n_points of 45.

Alternatively, trying multiple n_points values (like 45, 60, 80) and selecting the best result.

But the problem states that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, and smaller is better. So 45 might be acceptable.

Another point: the previous code uses the function np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the full correlation. For a function h of length n_points, the full correlation has length 2n_points - 1. The code then multiplies by dx. However, the maximum of these values is taken as the C5. But since the original domain is [0,2], the shifts k that matter are those where x +k is in [0, 2]. For example, when k ranges from 0 to 2. The full correlation includes shifts beyond that, but perhaps they are not relevant. However, the existing code includes all shifts, so perhaps it's correct.

Another consideration: the problem's C5 is the maximum over all k. However, in practice, the worst-case overlap may occur at specific shifts, such as shifts that align the function with itself. For example, if the function is periodic, then shifts equal to the period would lead to full overlap. But to minimize this, the function should avoid such symmetry.

In any case, the code is currently trying to minimize that maximum using the optimization.

Let me think about the previous code's optimization steps:

- It starts with initial_h_values.
- Then generates multiple guesses (pulses, sawtooth, triangles, random).
- For each guess, it uses SLSQP to optimize and keeps the best.
- Then runs DE on the best guess to find a better one.
- Then performs more SLSQP refinements.

Perhaps the DE part could be more effective if the initial population is better.

Alternatively, using a different optimization library. The code uses scipy.optimize, which is available. But maybe using a different method like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B could work better. However, some of these methods may not handle constraints as well as SLSQP.

Another idea: the code uses np.correlate, which might be slow for large n_points. Maybe precomputing the correlation for a given h and then finding the maximum. However, the previous code already does that.

Another possible improvement: since the function is symmetric in some ways, maybe using some symmetry in the initial guess. For example, making the function symmetric around 1, which might reduce overlaps.

But I'm not sure. It might not be helpful.

In summary, the main ideas for improvement are:

1. Generating more diverse initial guesses to avoid local optima.
2. Tuning the parameters of the optimization methods for better convergence.
3. Combining different optimization phases (global and local) more effectively.
4. Using a better initial guess based on the current best solution.

Now, how to translate this into code.

The previous code uses several generated guesses. Let's see:

- It appends generated pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves with varying parameters.
- Then adds some random guesses.

To improve, maybe generate more types of initial guesses, such as Bezier curves, more complex waveforms, or randomized patterns.

Alternatively, generate multiple random guesses, which might help in escaping local minima.

But how to code this efficiently.

Another idea: instead of generating a lot of guesses, focus on a few high-quality ones, like the initial guess, and some random variations. For example, adding small perturbations to the initial guess to create new starting points.

Alternatively, using a combination of the initial guess and some randomly generated ones.

Another thing to consider is the objective function. The code uses the max of the correlation, but perhaps there's a way to approximate this function or use a different objective that's easier to optimize. However, the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap, so the current approach is correct.

Another optimization idea: during the DE phase, instead of running it multiple times, focus on a few high-quality guesses and refine them.

Also, the DE part in the previous code is called 5 times, each with a random guess. But perhaps reducing that number and focusing on the best one.

Also, the code's refinement phase uses SLSQP with 10 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations here could lead to better convergence.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function. For example, caching intermediate results or precomputing something.

But given the current code structure, it's already doing that.

Another thing: the code uses the initial_h_values directly. If the initial guess is not very good, generating a better one could help. For example, modifying the initial_h_values by adding some randomness or adjusting parameters.

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values is already a good guess, and further optimization is possible by fine-tuning it.

In terms of code changes:

- Maybe increase the number of DE generations, but reduce the popsize.
- Use more precise SLSQP parameters.
- Add more initial guesses, but only a few.
- Possibly use a different optimization method for the initial phase.

But without knowing what the initial_h_values looks like, it's hard to say. However, based on the problem's statement, the initial_h_values is available as a global variable.

In summary, the plan for the code is:

1. Start with the initial_h_values.
2. Generate a few more initial guesses, such as random perturbations of the initial guess, or other waveforms.
3. Use SLSQP to optimize each guess.
4. Use differential evolution to find better guesses, focusing on the best candidates.
5. Refine multiple times with SLSQP.
6. Return the best result found within the time budget.

Now, translating this into code. Let's think about the code structure.

The previous code's 'guesses' list includes several generated functions. To improve, perhaps generate more diverse guesses. For example, adding more random perturbations to the initial guess, or other patterns.

Alternatively, generate a few random guesses and combine them with the initial guess.

Also, adjust DE parameters to be more efficient. For example, using a lower popsize, but higher maxiter.

But in the previous code, the DE is called 5 times, with each iteration taking some time. If the time is tight, maybe reduce the number of iterations.

Another idea: use more efficient optimization strategies. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method for some parts, but that's not compatible with constraints. Or using 'BFGS' with constraints.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods.

But given the time, the code should stick to the existing approach but with tuning.

So, the code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.
- Generate a few other initial guesses, like random ones.
- Optimize each with SLSQP.
- Run DE on the best of those.
- Refine the result with SLSQP again.

In terms of code, the previous code generates many guesses. For example, it adds pulses, sawtooth, triangles with various frequencies and duty cycles, and some random guesses. Maybe generating even more of these would help, but it could be time-consuming.

Alternatively, generate a few more guesses, such as with different frequencies, or adding some pulse-derived functions.

But since the code is already complex, perhaps it's better to stick to a few variations.

Another idea: instead of generating all those guesses, focus on a few types, like random waves, and perturbations of the initial guess.

But without knowing the initial pattern, it's hard to say.

Another possible improvement is to use the 'initial_h_values' as the starting point, then add some random perturbations to generate new guesses. For example, creating 5 variations by adding noise to the initial guess and then optimizing them.

Alternatively, create a few perturbations of the initial guess with different levels of randomness.

This way, the code can explore nearby regions of the initial guess, which might lead to better results.

In code:

- Generate a few guesses by slightly perturbing the initial_h_values.

For example:

import numpy as np
def perturb_guess(h, std):
    return np.clip(h + np.random.normal(0, std, len(h)), 0, 1)

But need to ensure the sum remains correct. Perturbing may change the sum, so after perturbation, re-normalize.

But this complicates the code, but it could be worth it.

Alternatively, creating multiple random guesses.

But again, time is a factor.

Given all these considerations, the code should aim to use the initial guess, generate a few more guesses, optimize them with SLSQP, run DE, and then refine.

Now, the code must fit into the 100s time budget. The previous code uses multiple steps, but perhaps the DE part can be optimized.

Another idea: in the DE part, instead of using multiple iterations, run DE once with more parameters, or adjust the mutation and recombination parameters.

Moreover, the code could use the best guess from the initial guesses and run DE on it, and then refine.

In conclusion, the modified code would:

- Start with the initial_h_values.
- Generate a few more guesses (e.g., random, random perturbations, or other patterns).
- Optimize each with SLSQP.
- Run DE on the best initial guesses.
- Refine the best result with SLSQP.
- Return the best found.

To make this code efficient, the number of generated guesses should be limited to avoid time consumption.

Another possible optimization is to use local gradient-based methods for the initial phase, and more global methods for refinement.

In the end, the code would be a modified version of the original, with some adjustments to the generated guesses and optimization parameters.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h.copy()]
    for freq in range(3, 11):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(3):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=40, maxiter=60,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.8), recombination=0.7, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 50:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```