<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to improve the upper bound for the Erdős constant C₅ by finding a better step function h that minimizes the overlap integral. The previous code uses SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA optimization methods, but maybe there's room for improvement.

First, I need to understand the problem better. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. So even a small improvement would count.

Looking at the previous approach, they start with an initial guess, generate some random and pulse-like functions as guesses, then optimize them with different methods. But maybe the optimization could be more efficient. Also, the current code might be stuck in local minima. What other strategies could be used?

Hmm. Maybe using a different initial guess would help. The initial_h_values is given, but perhaps generating a different initial guess could avoid local optima. Also, maybe combining multiple strategies, like using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing, but those can be slow. However, with a time budget of 100 seconds, I need to balance between exploration and exploitation.

Another thought: the overlap integral is maximized over k. So perhaps focusing on optimizing for specific k values that are known to be problematic. But how to do that? Maybe using a gradient-based method that targets high overlap regions.

Wait, the current code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimizer, but it's computationally expensive. Maybe using a more efficient local optimizer after some initial exploration. Also, perhaps the constraints are causing the optimizer to get stuck. The current code uses SLSQP and COBYLA. Maybe switching to a different method or adjusting parameters.

Another angle: the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum inner product between h and a shifted version of (1-h). So maybe using a formulation that directly targets this maximum, perhaps with some constraints on the shifts. But how?

Alternatively, considering that the optimal h is likely to have certain symmetries or patterns. For example, the initial guess uses a staircase-like structure. Maybe using a more complex pattern, like a combination of pulses or a more intricate shape that minimizes overlapping with its shifts.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=45). Maybe increasing the number of points could lead to a better solution, but that would take more time. However, the user says smaller sequences are preferred since they are faster. So perhaps keeping the number of points low but smartly choosing the structure.

Wait, the problem states that the user's previous program uses n=45 samples. The target C₅ is 0.380876. So if I can find a better solution with the same or lower n_points, that would be good.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP for refinement, maybe use a different optimization method that handles the constraints better. Or use a more efficient gradient-based method.

Also, the code uses a lot of different guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using different pulse frequencies or combining multiple shapes.

Another thing: the previous code uses a genetic algorithm (differential evolution) with a population size of 100. Maybe adjusting the population size or the mutation rates could lead to better results.

Wait, the user's previous code uses a fixed number of points. Maybe trying a different n_points, like 80, but that might take longer. However, the user says smaller sequences are better. So maybe not. But perhaps some configurations with 45 points can be optimized further.

Hmm. Also, the evaluation uses the full correlation, which for n Points samples gives a certain number of output points. Maybe there's a way to precompute the k values that are most critical and focus the optimization there.

Another approach: since the integral is over all k, but the maximum is taken, maybe the maximum occurs at specific k values. For example, shifts that align the steps of the function h with the steps of (1-h). So maybe the optimal h is designed to avoid such overlaps.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more structured approach, like designing h to have certain periodicity or symmetry that reduces overlaps. For example, a function that alternates between high and low values in a way that when shifted, overlaps are minimized.

But how to translate this into an algorithm? Maybe using a Fourier-based approach to minimize the maximum cross-correlation, but that might be complex.

Alternatively, since the function is a step function, perhaps considering a piecewise constant function with certain intervals. For example, dividing the [0,2] interval into regions where h is 0 or 1, such that the overlap with shifts is minimized. But the problem allows h to be any step function with values in [0,1], not necessarily 0 or 1.

Wait, the current code uses a step function represented by samples. The previous approach generated some guesses with pulse and staircase functions, and random ones. Maybe generating more structured guesses, such as using a sine wave with certain harmonics, or other mathematical functions that can be adjusted to minimize overlaps.

Also, the previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the full cross-correlation. For each shift k, the integral is calculated. The maximum of these integrals is C₅. To minimize this maximum, perhaps the optimization should target each possible k, but it's challenging since the maximum is over all k.

Another thought: the problem resembles the construction of a set of points with minimal mutual overlap, similar to the Erdős distinct distances problem. However, in this case, it's about functions.

Maybe using a more efficient optimization strategy. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach that samples promising regions of the parameter space. However, implementing that might be complex.

Alternatively, using a local search with multiple starting points, but that's what the previous code does.

Wait, the previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods, like increasing the number of iterations, or using a different tolerance.

Another idea: the constraints are that the integral of h is 1, so the sum of h over the samples is n_points/2. The current code enforces this as a constraint. Perhaps there's a way to parameterize the function h in a way that automatically satisfies this constraint, allowing the optimization to focus on the overlap.

For example, using a parameterized function where the integral is fixed. For instance, using a sinusoidal function with a fixed amplitude and phase, but that might not be flexible enough.

Alternatively, using a mixture of pulses with adjustable parameters. For example, a sum of several pulses with varying widths and positions, but ensuring that the total integral is 1.

But how to model this? Maybe using a genetic algorithm to evolve such pulses, but again, time is a constraint.

Wait, the user's previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe the differential evolution is not efficient enough. Let me think about the parameters. For differential evolution, the mutation and recombination parameters could be adjusted. For example, using a higher mutation rate to explore more of the search space.

Another thing: maybe the problem can be transformed into a form that's easier to optimize. For example, the maximum over k can be transformed into a constraint. However, that's not straightforward.

Alternatively, since we're dealing with a max over k, maybe we can approximate the maximum by optimizing for several k values at once. But not sure.

Looking back at the previous code, the initial_h_values are used as a starting point, but perhaps the code could benefit from a different initial guess. Maybe generating a more optimal initial guess using a heuristic.

Wait, the user mentions that the initial_h_values is available. So maybe the previous code starts with that, but perhaps there's a better initial guess. However, the user's previous code generates several guesses based on pulses and staircases, which might not be optimal.

Another approach: using a multi-objective optimization where the objective is to minimize the maximum overlap. But how to implement that with existing libraries.

Alternatively, perhaps using a gradient-based method that can handle the constraints and the non-smooth nature of the maximum. However, the maximum function is non-differentiable, so gradient methods may have issues.

Wait, the previous code uses the SLSQP method, which is for constrained optimization. The obj function computes the max of the correlation, which is non-smooth. So maybe the optimization struggles with that. Perhaps using a smoothed version of the objective function, but that might be complex.

Hmm. To improve the upper bound, maybe the key is to find a more efficient way to explore the search space. For example, focusing on regions where the overlap is higher and trying to lower it. The current approach uses differential evolution to explore the space and then refines with SLSQP.

Another idea: using a combination of global and local optimization methods. For example, use differential evolution to find a good starting point, then apply local optimization to fine-tune it. The previous code does this, but perhaps with more refinement steps or different parameters.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimizer, like the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which is derivative-free and can handle non-smooth functions. But Nelder-Mead might not be as efficient as SLSQP or COBYLA for this problem.

Another thing: the code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = len(initial_h_values) = 45). If the initial_h_values has 45 points, but maybe using more points could allow for a more detailed function that leads to a better C₅. However, more points would increase the computation time. The user says smaller sequences are better. So perhaps keeping it at 45 points.

Wait, the problem says "smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred - they are faster to optimize and evaluate." So the previous code uses 45 points. Maybe staying with that is better.

Another idea: using a different way to generate initial guesses. For example, instead of generating pulses and staircases, generate functions that have more balanced overlaps. Or use a random but structured approach.

Alternatively, perhaps the previous code's initial guess isn't good enough. Maybe generating a better initial guess could lead to better results. For example, creating a function with certain properties known to minimize overlaps.

But how? Maybe using a known optimal or near-optimal solution. However, the problem requires discovering it.

Alternatively, considering that the Erdős problem relates to the minimum overlap, the optimal h might be something like a union of intervals with certain coverage, such that shifting it doesn't overlap much. For example, a function that's 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged in a way that overlaps with their shifts are minimized.

But since the function can take values between 0 and 1, perhaps allowing partial overlaps could be better than full overlaps. For instance, a function that is a combination of narrow pulses spaced apart to minimize their overlap when shifted.

Another thought: perhaps the optimal h is related to a Fourier series. Since the overlap integral involves shifts, the Fourier transform might be useful. The maximum overlap could be related to the Fourier coefficients. However, I'm not sure how to apply this directly.

Alternatively, the maximum overlap can be expressed as a convolution, and maybe using a Fourier-based optimization approach. But this might be complex.

Given the time constraints and the need to write code, maybe the best approach is to adjust the previous code's parameters and strategies to see if improvements can be made. For example, increasing the population size in differential evolution, adjusting mutation and recombination parameters, or trying different initial guesses.

Wait, in the previous code, the differential evolution uses popsize=100 and maxiter=30. Maybe increasing the maxiter or population size could help, but that might take more time. However, with a budget of 100 seconds, perhaps it's possible.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the genetic algorithm from scipy.optimize, which is another global optimizer.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of multiple integrals (one for each k), the objective function is non-convex and non-smooth. Therefore, it's challenging for gradient-based methods. So perhaps using a genetic algorithm with a larger population and more generations could find better solutions.

But how to fit that into the code? The previous code already uses differential evolution. Maybe tweaking the parameters.

Another thing: the previous code uses a function to generate guesses, including pulses with various frequencies and staircases. Perhaps generating more guesses, or using a different structure for the initial guesses. For example, generating functions with different spacings or patterns.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess but with more structure. For example, generating a function that has a certain number of steps, evenly spaced.

Wait, the initial_h_values might have a certain structure. If I can analyze that structure, maybe I can generate similar but different initial guesses that could lead to better results.

But I don't have access to the initial_h_values content. The user mentions that the initial_h_values is available as a global variable. So I should use that directly. But in the previous code, they start with that and generate other guesses.

Hmm. The code could be modified to generate more initial guesses based on different patterns. For example, varying the number of pulses, their widths, positions, etc., to cover more possibilities.

Another approach: Since the overlap integral is maximized over all k, maybe the worst-case shifts are those that align the steps of h with the steps of (1-h). Therefore, designing h to avoid such alignment could be key. For example, ensuring that the function h has a certain anti-correlation with its shifted versions.

But how to implement this? Perhaps using a heuristic to adjust the function's steps to minimize overlapping regions.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a binary optimization where h is a binary function (0 or 1) but now allows for continuous values. Maybe the optimal solution is a binary function, but the previous code allows for continuous values. So perhaps optimizing among binary functions could be a starting point, but again, time is a constraint.

Alternatively, using a binary search approach for the value of C₅, trying to find the minimal possible maximum overlap. But this would require an optimization algorithm that can handle the constraints for each trial value of C₅.

But integrating this into the code might be complex.

Putting this all together, here's an idea for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Generate additional initial guesses with different structures, such as more pulses, different widths, or other patterns.
- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters (like higher mutation rates) to explore the search space more thoroughly.
- Use the SLSQP and COBYLA methods for local optimization to refine the best found solutions.
- Increase the number of iterations for the differential evolution and refine steps to allow for better convergence.
- Consider using a more efficient gradient-based method for the fine-tuning steps.
- Maybe introduce a penalty method for the constraints to handle them more effectively.

But how to implement this concisely in code while adhering to the constraints?

Another thing: the previous code uses a function to generate random guesses. Maybe generating more diverse random guesses could help. For example, using different distributions or adjusting the parameters of the random functions.

Alternatively, using a moving average or other time-series-based approach to generate initial guesses.

In terms of code changes, the previous code's guesses are generated with gen_pulse, gen_staircase, and gen_random. Maybe adding more types of guesses, like combinations of different pulses, or other shapes.

But given the time and code length constraints, perhaps the best approach is to tweak the parameters of the existing methods, use better initial guesses, and optimize more thoroughly.

So, modifying the code to:

1. Use a different initial guess based on the initial_h_values.
2. Increase the population size and mutation parameters in the differential evolution.
3. Use more refinement steps with different optimizers.
4. Implement additional initial guesses that vary the structure of the function h.

But to fit this into the code, the code can be adjusted to generate more guesses, perhaps using different frequencies or widths for pulse and staircase functions.

Additionally, since the user's previous code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points=45), perhaps using a different number of samples could help, but the user prefers smaller sequences. So keeping it at 45 is better.

Another thing: the current code uses the full correlation and multiplies by dx. The code correctly computes the integral over the shifted functions. So that part is correct.

In terms of code structure, here's an outline of what to change:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses by combining different patterns.
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and other optimization methods.
- Increase the number of refinement steps.
- Use a different initial guess that is more likely to lead to a good solution.

So, putting this into code, here's a possible approach:

Modify the guesses to include more variations, such as different duty cycles, pulse frequencies, or combinations. Also, use different initial guesses from the initial_h_values and other structures.

Additionally, tweak the differential evolution parameters to use a higher mutation rate or larger population.

In the code, the function gen_pulse could be modified to generate more varied frequencies. The gen_staircase could have different widths and fractions. Also, adding more guesses with different structures.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of guesses, but generating more guesses could lead to better exploration. However, this might take more computation time.

But given the time budget, perhaps it's better to make the code efficient.

Another idea: using a surrogate model to approximate the objective function. However, this adds complexity.

In summary, the key changes would be:

- Generate more initial guesses with varied structures.
- Adjust the differential evolution parameters to explore more thoroughly.
- Use more refinement steps with the local optimizers.

Now, translating this into code. The previous code had some helper functions like gen_pulse and gen_staircase. Maybe adding more such functions, or varying their parameters.

For example, in the guesses, include more pulse functions with different frequencies and duty cycles, or more staircase functions with varying widths.

Additionally, the code could use the initial_h_values as one of the guesses, plus other guesses generated from different patterns.

Another possible change is to use the SLSQP method with tighter tolerances and more iterations.

But to keep the code concise and within the token limit, the previous code's structure can be adjusted with these ideas.

Thus, the revised code would include generating more initial guesses, tweaking optimization parameters, and using more refinement steps.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    global initial_h_values
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_staircase(frac, width):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        h = np.zeros_like(x)
        for i in range(n_points):
            if (x[i] < 0.5 * frac * width or
                x[i] > 0.5 * (1 + 2 * (frac - 1)) * width):
                h[i] = 1.0
        return h

    def gen_random(frac=0.5):
        r = np.random.rand(n_points)
        return np.clip((r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * frac + 0.5, 0, 1)

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_staircase(1.0, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_staircase(2.0, 0.4))
    for _ in range(2):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=25,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-8)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 5:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```