<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The problem is about finding a step function h: [0, 2] → [0, 1] that minimizes the overlap integral, which is defined as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The constraints are that the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1, and h(x) is between 0 and 1. The goal is to find a step function with a lower C₅ value than the current record of 0.38085.

The previous code uses SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA optimization methods with various initial guesses. But maybe I can think of a different approach. Let me think about what's going on here.

The key is to minimize the maximum overlap, which could be approached by trying to spread out the function h such that whenever it's high, the shifted version (1 - h(x + k)) is low. So, the overlap integral is maximized when h and (1 - h) overlap as much as possible. To minimize the maximum overlap, we need h to be as non-overlapping as possible when shifted.

The previous approach uses random initial guesses and optimization. But maybe a better approach is to use a more structured construction. For example, maybe a piecewise constant function with certain symmetry or patterns.

Alternatively, perhaps using a greedy approach where each point is adjusted to minimize the maximum overlap, but that might get stuck in local minima.

Another idea: the problem resembles the "no-three-in-line" problem, but here it's about minimizing overlap. Maybe using a construction based on equally spaced points or some periodic pattern.

Let me consider the current initial_h_values. If it's available, I should start from there. The previous code used it, but maybe there's a way to refine that construction further.

The current code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but maybe with some tuning, like adjusting the population size, mutation rates, etc. However, the previous code's C₅ was 0.381142, which is slightly higher than the target of 0.380876. So there's room for improvement.

Let me think about different optimization strategies. Maybe using a combination of local and global methods. For example, start with a good initial guess from the initial_h_values, then use differential evolution with a higher population size but fewer iterations, followed by local refinement with COBYLA or SLSQP.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach could be more efficient, but that might be more complex and time-consuming to implement within the time budget.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum correlation, maybe we can model this as a convex optimization problem. However, the objective function is non-convex, so that's not straightforward. But perhaps using a convex relaxation, like projecting into a space where certain conditions are met.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. This is equivalent to minimizing the maximum overlap between h and (1 - h) shifted by any k. The maximum occurs at certain shifts, so maybe we can find k's that are most critical and focus on minimizing those overlaps.

Alternatively, since the integral is over x, and the function is periodic over [0,2], maybe considering the shifts that correspond to certain periods. For example, shifts that are multiples of 1/2, 1/3, etc., depending on the structure of h.

But how to translate that into an algorithm?

Another thought: the previous code uses several initial guesses, including pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe trying other shapes, like square waves with varying duty cycles, or combining different waveforms.

But what if we use a more structured approach with multiple pulses spaced apart to avoid overlapping? For example, if we place pulses at regular intervals, making sure that when one pulse is high, the shifted pulses are low.

But how to model that with a step function? For example, a step function with multiple intervals where h is 1, and others where it's 0. The challenge is to arrange the intervals such that shifting by any k doesn't result in overlapping h and (1 - h).

Wait, the integral of h(x) is 1, so if the total area under h(x) is 1, and the function is piecewise constant, then the length of intervals where h(x) = 1 must be such that the total length multiplied by the value (which is 1) equals 1. So if h(x) is 1 on some intervals and 0 otherwise, the sum of the lengths of the intervals is 1. Since the domain is [0,2], the total length is 2, so the average density is 0.5.

So maybe a better way is to model h as a set of intervals where it's 1, and the rest 0. The problem becomes selecting these intervals such that when shifted, the overlap (with the complement) is minimized.

But how to model this? This seems like a combinatorial optimization problem, which might be difficult for large n_points. However, with n_points around 1k, maybe we can find a good solution.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm, where each individual is a binary vector indicating which intervals are set to 1, then evolving the population to minimize the overlap. But even with that, the computational cost might be high.

But given the time constraint of 100 seconds, maybe a genetic algorithm is not feasible.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a more efficient local optimization, or adjusting the parameters to get better results.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, maybe we can use a penalty method, where the objective function is the maximum of the integrals, and we try to minimize it by adjusting h. But how to compute the maximum over k? Since the integral is over x, and k is a shift, perhaps the maximum occurs at certain discrete shifts depending on the sample points.

Wait, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum of this cross-correlation multiplied by dx is the C5 value. So the code computes the cross-correlation between h and (1 - h), and takes the maximum value, then scales by dx.

So the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of cross-correlation values between h and (1 - h). Since cross-correlation is involved, perhaps looking for h that has minimal correlation with its shifted versions.

In signal processing, this might be related to designing a sequence with low autocorrelation, but in this case, it's the cross-correlation with (1 - h).

But how to approach that? Maybe using a greedy algorithm or a more systematic approach.

Another approach: the current code uses different initial guesses. Maybe the initial_h_values is a good starting point, and using a refinement process with more precise optimization methods.

Wait, the previous code first uses SLSQP with various initial guesses, then differential evolution, and then COBYLA for refinement. Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not sufficient, and we need a better way to generate the initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a more structured initial guess, such as a periodic function with certain symmetry.

For example, if h(x) is a square wave with a certain period that avoids overlapping when shifted.

Suppose we divide the interval [0, 2] into m equal parts, and set h(x) to 1 in every other segment. For example, with m = 4, set h to 1 in [0, 0.5), [1, 1.5), etc. Then, when shifted by 0.5, the overlap would be between the 1s and the zeros. But this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern. Let's think of the initial_h_values. If it's available, maybe we can perturb it slightly to improve the overlap.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, perhaps the function h(x) should be spread out as much as possible to minimize the overlap. For example, if h is a uniform distribution (but step function). But a uniform distribution would mean h(x) is 0.5 for all x, which would give an overlap integral of 0.5 * 0.5 * 2 = 0.5, which is worse than the current record.

So a better approach is to have h concentrated in certain regions, but spaced in such a way that shifting by any k doesn't cause significant overlap.

Another thought: For the cross-correlation between h and (1 - h) to be minimized, h should be designed to avoid having high values where (1 - h) has high values for any shift. This suggests that h and (1 - h) should be as non-overlapping as possible when shifted.

This is similar to the concept of a "zero correlation" sequence, but again, the exact method is unclear.

Let me think about the current code's approach. It uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not varied enough. So perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could help.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values and then perturbing it, then applying optimization.

Wait, the code starts with the initial_h_values, then tries various guesses, including random, pulses, saw, etc. Maybe adding more structured initial guesses could help. For example, using a combination of different periodic functions with varying frequencies and duty cycles.

But how to generate these systematically? For example, generating a sine wave, a half-wave rectified sine, etc., and then adjusting parameters.

Alternatively, using a random walk approach where each step modifies the current h to reduce the overlap.

Another idea: The previous code uses a lot of computational resources. Maybe we can optimize the code to run faster. For example, precomputing the cross-correlation values for a given h as a vector, so that during optimization, evaluating the objective function is more efficient.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the SLSQP method with tighter constraints and more effective settings.

Wait, in the previous code, the constraints are handled as an equality constraint (sum(h) = n_points / 2). The optimization methods need to respect this constraint. SLSQP and COBYLA can handle this.

But what about the computational time? For each optimization step, the code evaluates the objective function and the constraint. Maybe using a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation.

Wait, in the code, the objective function is computed as the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and (1 - h). For a step function with n_points samples, the cross-correlation (using mode 'full') would have size 2n_points - 1. For each of these values, we compute the maximum and multiply by dx.

But for optimization, it's better to find the maximum efficiently. However, in the current code, the obj function calls np.correlate, which might be slow for large n_points.

So perhaps optimizing the computation of the cross-correlation. Maybe using convolution instead of correlation, or using FFT-based methods.

Wait, the cross-correlation between h and (1 - h) can be computed using convolution. Specifically, the cross-correlation of h and g is the same as the convolution of h with the reversed version of g. But I'm not sure if that helps in terms of computational speed, especially for small n_points.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum value of the cross-correlation, maybe the code can focus on the shifts that are most critical. For example, if we can determine the shifts that contribute the most to the maximum C5 value, then optimize only for those.

But identifying those shifts is non-trivial. However, for a given h, we can compute all the cross-correlation values and find the maximum. This is what the code does, but it's computationally expensive.

In terms of code optimization, perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. For example, using the numpy.correlate function is implemented in C, so it's fast. However, for very large n_points, it might be slower. But for the given budget of 100 seconds, even with n_points up to 1000, it's manageable.

Another possible optimization: using the fact that the cross-correlation is symmetric, and only evaluating certain shifts. However, the maximum could be anywhere.

So, perhaps the current code is as efficient as possible in that aspect. Then, the way forward is to improve the optimization process.

Another approach is to use a derivative-based method, like SLSQP, to find local minima. But SLSQP requires the gradient of the objective function. The current code doesn't compute the gradient; it uses the objective function as is. So, if we can compute the gradient of the maximum of cross-correlation values, the optimization could be more effective.

But computing the gradient of the maximum of the cross-correlation values is non-trivial. The maximum is a non-differentiable function, which complicates things. However, for some practical purposes, we can approximate the gradient by considering which shift is the current maximum and then differentiating with respect to that particular shift.

Alternatively, using numerical differentiation to approximate the gradient, which might slow down the optimization but improve accuracy.

But this would require a lot of modifications to the code. For example, the code currently uses the SLSQP method without a gradient, so perhaps the optimization is not taking full advantage of the gradient information.

So, to improve the optimization, perhaps providing the gradient of the objective function to SLSQP could lead to faster convergence and better results.

But how to compute the gradient of the objective function?

The objective function is the maximum over all possible shifts k of the value of the cross-correlation at that shift. The gradient of the objective function with respect to h is the derivative of that maximum value with respect to h. However, since the maximum is over several values, the gradient is the derivative of the particular cross-correlation value that is the maximum at the current h.

This is similar to the subgradient concept. For the maximum function, the gradient is the gradient of the function that is currently active (i.e., the maximum).

Therefore, for each h, during the optimization step, we can compute the cross-correlation values, find the maximum, and then compute the gradient of that particular cross-correlation (the one that is the maximum) with respect to the parameters h.

This would allow SLSQP to take into account the gradient and potentially find a better solution.

But how to compute this gradient? Let's think:

The cross-correlation value for a particular shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) dx. If we consider k as a fixed shift, then the derivative of this with respect to h's values at various x would be the contribution from each term.

But the cross-correlation function for a fixed shift k is computed as the sum over x of h[x] * (1 - h[x +k]). But this is only true for certain shifts k. For example, when the shift k is such that it's within the domain of the function, so that x + k is within [0, 2].

But the code uses the full mode, which gives all possible shifts, including those that are negative. However, since the function is periodic, perhaps considering shifts within a certain range.

But this is getting complicated. For the purpose of the problem, perhaps using a numerical gradient approximation would suffice for the optimization.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method with a numerical gradient, which the code currently does not. The current code uses the obj function as the objective, and SLSQP can be set to use finite differences for the gradient.

But in practice, using SLSQP with the default settings may not be as effective as using a gradient. Therefore, it might be beneficial to compute the gradient manually for the current maximum cross-correlation value.

But implementing this in code would add complexity. However, given the time constraints, perhaps it's worth trying.

Alternatively, perhaps the current approach is sufficient, and we can focus on improving the optimization method and initial guesses.

Another idea: the current code uses a lot of initial guesses, but maybe the best way is to start with the initial_h_values and perform a series of refinements. Let's think about the initial_h_values. If it's available, then using that as the starting point, and then performing a number of optimization steps.

For example, the previous code tried:

- Starting with the initial guess, then using SLSQP with different initial guesses.

- Then using differential evolution.

- Then using COBYLA for refinement.

Perhaps the code could be modified to focus more on refining the initial_h_values, using more accurate optimization steps.

Another thought: the code's current C5 is 0.381142. To reach the target of 0.380876, we need a smaller value. So even small improvements in the code could make a difference.

Maybe increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution, or adjusting parameters like mutation rates, population size, etc.

Wait, the current code uses differential evolution with popsize=90 and maxiter=60. That's a lot for a 100s budget. Maybe reducing the popsize and increasing the maxiter can lead to better results, but the time budget is tight.

Alternatively, using a smaller popsize but more iterations.

Alternatively, using a different optimization strategy. For example, using a random restart approach, where random initial points are tried, then optimized, and the best one is kept.

Another idea: since the problem is similar to a sparse signal design, perhaps using a binary step function with certain spacing. For example, placing intervals where h is 1 such that any shift would not cause overlapping.

But how to arrange this?

Let me think of the example: suppose we have two intervals, each of length 0.5, spaced apart by 0.5. This would give a total area of 1. When shifted by 0.5, the overlap would be between the first interval and the second, but since they're spaced, the overlap would be zero. However, for other shifts, like 0.25, the overlap might be more.

But this is a simple example. For more complex cases, finding such a pattern is non-trivial.

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern, like a sequence where the high regions are spaced apart in such a way that their shifted versions don't overlap much.

Another idea is to use a set of intervals that are as spread out as possible. For example, in the case of n_points = 45 (as in the initial_h_values), the total length of intervals where h=1 must be 1 (since sum(h) * dx = 1). For example, if n_points is 45, dx is 2/45 ≈ 0.0444. So each unit of length in the function corresponds to 45/2 = 22.5 samples.

But if the initial_h_values is already a good starting point, perhaps refining it further is the way to go.

Another approach: using a Gaussian mixture model. However, since we need a step function, that might not be directly applicable.

Alternatively, using a piecewise constant function with a certain number of segments, where the segments are optimized for minimal overlap.

But again, the relation to the problem is unclear.

Perhaps the best approach is to take the previous code and tweak it to find a better solution. Let's think about possible improvements.

1. Increase the number of initial guesses with more structured functions. For example, adding more periodic functions with different frequencies and duty cycles.

2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods to improve convergence.

3. Use a more efficient optimization method for the early steps, such as using the SLSQP with a gradient, or using a different starting point.

4. Try to focus on the initial_h_values, and use it as the main starting point, then perform aggressive refinement.

5. Use a combination of methods: start with differential evolution for global search, then use COBYLA for local refinement.

6. Reduce the time spent on each step, allowing more iterations.

Let me try to think through how to implement these ideas.

First, regarding the initial guesses: the previous code includes pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more types of waves or varying the parameters could help.

Second, for the optimization methods: in SLSQP, using the gradient could help. But since the gradient is complex, perhaps using a numerical approximation.

Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradients but can be effective for certain problems.

Third, adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution. For example, using a smaller population size but more iterations, or a different mutation strategy.

Fourth, focusing on the initial_h_values. Maybe using it as the main starting point and trying to refine it with additional optimization steps.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code starts with initial_h_values, then creates a list of guesses including various waveforms and random guesses. It then performs SLSQP on each guess, followed by differential evolution, and refinement with COBYLA.

To improve this, maybe:

- Use the initial_h_values as the primary guess, and perform a more thorough optimization around it, possibly with more iterations.

- Increase the number of random guesses to explore more of the solution space.

- Use different optimization parameters to refine the solution.

Let me outline the changes:

1. Start with the initial_h_values and perform a detailed optimization, using SLSQP with more iterations and a tighter tolerance.

2. Use differential evolution with a smaller population size but more iterations to explore the space around the initial guess.

3. Refine the best solution with COBYLA for more local optimization.

4. Try different initial guesses that are variations of the initial_h_values, perhaps by altering their structure.

Another thought: the previous code uses multiple random guesses, but maybe the initial_h_values is already a good starting point, and focusing on that could yield better results.

So, modifying the run function to prioritize the initial_h_values and refine it, while still including other guesses as a fallback.

Another idea: Since the cross-correlation is a measure of overlap, maybe the solution has a certain symmetry or periodicity. For example, if the function h(x) is periodic with a period of 1, or 2/3, etc. Leveraging this symmetry might help in creating a more structured initial guess.

In the case of the initial_h_values, if it's already structured with some periodicity, perhaps perturbing it slightly and optimizing could yield better results.

In terms of code modifications:

- Reduce the number of initial guesses, focusing on the initial_h_values and a few others.

- Use differential evolution with a more careful parameter selection.

- Allow more iterations for the COBYLA refinement.

But how to implement this concisely?

Another idea: since the previous code's C5 is 0.381142, which is very close to the target of 0.380876, perhaps the next step is to perform a more aggressive optimization, possibly using a combination of methods.

Let me try to outline the modified code.

The code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

- Perform several rounds of differential evolution and SLSQP refinement.

- Use a more efficient optimization method for the initial guess.

- Consider adding more structured initial guesses, such as functions with different frequencies and duty cycles.

But I need to keep the code concise, within the 300 lines and 12k characters limit.

Let me think about the previous code and where to make changes.

In the previous code:

- The guesses include different waveforms. Maybe adding more waveforms or varying the frequencies.

But given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to focus on refining the initial_h_values and using differential evolution with better parameters.

So, in the modified code:

- Keep the initial_h_values as the first guess.

- Use differential evolution with a few iterations and a smaller population size, but more iterations.

- Use a more refined COBYLA step.

Additionally, perhaps using a better way to evaluate the objective function, or using the gradient.

But given the time, perhaps focusing on the initial_h_values and using differential evolution with a higher number of iterations.

Another idea: the current code uses the 'full' mode for cross-correlation, which might be unnecessary. For example, the maximum overlap could occur at certain shifts, like k=0.5, 1.0, etc. Perhaps limiting the shifts to a certain range could speed up the computation.

However, since the integral is over the entire domain, it's necessary to consider all shifts.

Another possible optimization is to precompute the cross-correlation once and store it, but that's not relevant here.

Overall, the most likely way to improve the code is to focus on the initial_h_values and perform more thorough optimization around it, using a combination of global and local methods.

Another thing to consider is the choice of optimization method. In the previous code, the refinement with COBYLA uses maxiter=250. Perhaps increasing this number could lead to better results, but it depends on convergence.

Also, the time budget is 100 seconds. So the code should track the elapsed time and exit when nearing the budget.

Putting it all together, the modified code would:

- Start with the initial_h_values.

- Perform SLSQP optimization on this initial guess, then use differential evolution with some parameters, followed by refinement.

- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution to allow more iterations or finer tuning.

- Use more efficient methods for evaluation.

Now, the code needs to be written in a way that fits within the constraints, with the initial_h_values as a starting point, and a structured approach to optimization.

Perhaps the following steps:

1. Initialize h with initial_h_values.

2. Perform a few rounds of optimization with differential evolution, each time using the best solution from the previous round as the starting point.

3. Use SLSQP for local refinement.

4. Limit the number of iterations based on the time budget.

The code could be modified to focus more on the initial_h_values and use more iterations in the optimization steps.

Another consideration: the current code uses a large number of guesses, which could be time-consuming. By focusing on the initial guess and a few others, we could save time.

Thus, in the code, the guesses list could be reduced, focusing on the initial_h_values and one or two other structured guesses.

But given the time, it's better to proceed with the code modification.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.4))
    for _ in range(2):
        guesses.append(np.clip(np.random.rand(n_points), 0.4, 0.6))

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 1.0), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-8)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```