<think>
Okay, so I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP optimization and differential evolution with some initial guesses. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, let's understand the problem again. We're looking for a step function h on [0,2] that integrates to 1, and minimizes the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x) times (1 - h(x + k)) over x. The goal is to find h that makes this maximum as small as possible.

The previous approach used various guess functions (pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves) and then tried to optimize them with SLSQP and differential evolution. But perhaps there's a better way. Maybe using a more structured approach, like breaking the problem into parts or using a different optimization strategy.

Let me think about possible improvements. The previous code used multiple initial guesses, which could lead to local minima. Maybe using a more diverse set of initial guesses or a different optimization method would help. Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps focusing on the regions where the overlap is largest and adjusting h to reduce that.

Also, the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 45, based on initial_h_values). Maybe trying different n_points could lead to better results. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for speed, but maybe there's a balance between the number of points and the quality of the solution. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps using a larger n_points isn't feasible. But the initial code uses n=45, which is manageable.

Another approach is to use a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe combining them with a better initialization or using Bayesian optimization could help. However, implementing Bayesian optimization might be complex and time-consuming.

Alternatively, considering the structure of the problem, maybe there's a way to model the problem as a convex optimization problem. But since the integral is over the maximum, it's non-convex, so convex methods might not work directly. However, perhaps approximating the problem or using a gradient-based optimization with a good initial guess could improve the result.

Another thought: the overlap integral can be viewed as a convolution. The max over all k of the convolution of h and (1 - h). So, the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum value of the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h. Maybe using some frequency domain analysis? For example, considering the Fourier transform of h and 1 - h, but I'm not sure how to proceed with that.

Another idea is to use a gradient-based method with a better initial guess. The initial guess comes from the provided initial_h_values. Maybe processing that initial guess in a different way. For example, adjusting it to have a more balanced distribution or using a more regular structure.

Wait, the previous code uses a lot of different guess functions (pulse, saw, triangle), but maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a combination of different waveforms, or maybe even using a random initialization with some constraints.

Another approach is to use simulated annealing. However, with the time constraint, simulated annealing might be too slow. The code already uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but perhaps adjusting the parameters could lead to better results.

Also, the previous code uses multiple refinements with SLSQP. Maybe using more iterations or a better convergence criteria could help. Or perhaps using a different optimization method like interior point for the constrained problem.

But considering the time budget, perhaps the key is to find a better initial guess. The initial_h_values given might be a good starting point, but maybe modifying it or using a different construction could lead to better results.

Another idea: the current problem is to minimize the max overlap, which is a maximization of the integral over shifts. So, for each shift k, we have to ensure that the integral is minimized. This is a challenging problem, as it's a min-max optimization.

Perhaps using a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to minimize the maximum value across all k. However, this is complex to implement.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is determined by certain shifts, perhaps focusing on those shifts and adjusting h accordingly. For example, if we can identify the k that contributes the most to the max overlap, maybe we can design h to minimize that particular overlap, which might have a ripple effect on other overlaps.

Another thought: the current code uses the 'full' mode for the correlation, which gives a longer output. But for the problem, we need to compute the integral for all k such that x + k is within [0, 2]. So the valid shifts k would be those where x is from 0 to 2 - k, and x + k is in [0, 2]. Therefore, the valid k ranges from 0 to 2, but since we're sampling, the length of the correlation array would be 2n_points - 1. However, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which might not be necessary. Wait, the code multiplies the result by dx, which is 2.0/n_points. So the correlation is computed over the full range, but the actual integral over each shift k is the appropriate portion.

Wait, the correlation gives the integral over x for each shift. For a given k, the integral is the sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) * dx. The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the correlations for all possible shifts. Then, multiplying by dx gives the integral. So the code computes the maximum of all those integrals.

Now, the problem is to minimize that maximum. So, the code is correct in that approach.

So, perhaps the main improvements could come from better initialization, better optimization algorithm, or better exploration of the search space.

The previous code uses a lot of different initial guesses, but maybe it's possible to generate more effective initial guesses. For example, using a more systematic way to generate initial guesses, such as varying frequencies and duty cycles, or using some other pattern.

Alternatively, using a heuristic that creates a function h which is piecewise constant with certain regularity. For example, a function that has interlaced high and low regions, spaced in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Another approach is to model h as a piecewise function with certain intervals where it's 0 or 1, and then find the optimal intervals. However, this would be a combinatorial problem, which might be too complex for large n_points.

But for the problem of minimizing the max overlap, maybe the optimal h is a step function with a certain structure. For example, with a regular pattern of on and off regions. But how to determine that structure?

Alternatively, considering that the Erdős problem is about avoiding overlaps, perhaps h should have regions where it is high, but not too high, and spaced apart. So perhaps a structure similar to a low-discrepancy sequence or a set of points that are evenly spaced.

Wait, the existing initial_h_values might have some structure. Let's think about what it might be. If the initial_h_values are 45 points, and they sum to 45 / 2 = 22.5. The code uses these as an initial guess, and then optimizes. Maybe the initial_h_values is a certain pattern that's not optimal, but the code tries to improve it.

But how to get a better initial guess? Maybe generating some initial guesses with more evenly distributed 1s and 0s, but with a certain periodicity. For example, a function that has a repeating pattern of on and off regions with a certain period.

Another idea is to use a binary function, where h(x) is either 0 or 1, but this might not be as effective as continuous functions. However, since the problem allows for h(x) to be any step function, maybe allowing some intermediate values could help in reducing overlaps.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral is maximized for certain shifts, the optimal h should have regions where it's high, but when shifted, those regions don't align with the 1 - h(x) regions. So, maybe a highly oscillatory h function?

But how to translate this into a practical algorithm? Maybe generating h functions with specific waveforms, like a square wave with a certain frequency, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Another approach is to use a genetic algorithm. However, implementing a genetic algorithm with the given constraints might be time-consuming, but perhaps manageable.

But given the time limit of 100 seconds and the need to code this efficiently, perhaps the previous code's approach can be modified by focusing on better initialization and optimization.

So, here's a plan:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as the base, but instead of just optimizing it with SLSQP and differential evolution, try to use a different method. For example, using a more robust optimization method that can explore the search space more effectively.

2. Use a combination of different initial guesses, including some that are more structured (like regular patterns) and some random, to avoid getting stuck in local minima.

3. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for more iterations or better convergence.

4. Try using a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is derivative-free and can handle non-smooth functions.

5. Introduce a way to refine the solution more efficiently, perhaps by using a local optimizer after finding a good candidate with a global method.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the key is to balance the overlap across many different shifts. For example, if the function is designed such that for all shifts k, the integral is approximately the same, then the maximum would be minimized. This is similar to the concept of a "balanced" function in some sense.

To achieve this, maybe design h as a function that is uniform in some sense, but with varying regions where it is high. For example, a function that alternates between high and low values with a certain period. However, this might not be feasible with the integral constraint.

Alternatively, considering that the integral of h over [0, 2] is 1, the function must have an average value of 0.5. So, the function should spend half of the time at 1, and half at 0, but with some variations.

Another thought: since the overlap integral for a given k is ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx, which can be written as ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx. Since the first term is 1, the overlap integral becomes 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx over k. So, the problem becomes finding h that maximizes the minimal value of the cross-correlation between h and itself. Wait, not exactly. Because the maximum overlap is the maximum of 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx, so to minimize the maximum, we need to maximize the minimum of ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx over k. Therefore, we need h to have as high as possible cross-correlation for the worst-case shift k. This seems counter-intuitive; perhaps I made a mistake here.

Wait, let's re-derive this. The overlap integral is:

∫ h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) dx = ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx = 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx.

So the maximum overlap is max_k [1 - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx], so minimizing that is equivalent to maximizing min_k [∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx]. But the original problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, which is equivalent to maximizing the minimal cross-correlation over all shifts. Wait, no. The maximum of [1 - cross] is the same as 1 minus the minimum of cross. So, if the cross-correlation ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx is minimized for some k, then the overlap integral is maximized. Therefore, to minimize the maximum overlap, we need to maximize the minimal value of the cross-correlation over all shifts k. Therefore, the problem reduces to finding h that maximizes the minimal cross-correlation across all k. 

This is an interesting perspective. So, perhaps the problem can be rephrased as finding a function h that has the maximum possible minimal cross-correlation with itself for all shifts. This might help in designing the function h. 

In signal processing, cross-correlation is related to how similar a signal is to a shifted version of itself. So, a signal with high cross-correlation for many shifts is one that has a lot of structure in it. However, for our purpose, we need the minimal cross-correlation over all shifts to be as large as possible. So, h should be designed such that when shifted, it has as much overlap as possible with itself. But how to achieve that?

This seems like a tricky problem, but maybe there's a known construction for such functions. For example, periodic functions with certain properties, or functions with high symmetry.

Alternatively, since the integral of h is 1, the average value is 0.5, so perhaps a function that is constant 0.5 would have cross-correlation 0.25 for any shift. However, the function h is a step function, so maybe we can design it to have a certain structure that would have similar average cross-correlation.

But the optimal C₅ is around 0.38, which is higher than 0.25. So, the current approach must be better than that.

Another idea: the optimal h would be such that ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx is maximized for the worst-case k. So, perhaps structuring h such that for any shift k, the overlap is similar. This would ensure that the maximum overlap is minimized.

How can we design such a function? Maybe a function that is "balanced" in some way, ensuring that the overlap doesn't become too large for any shift. For example, using a function with a mix of high and low values, but not too periodic.

Perhaps using a random binary function where h is 1 with probability 0.5 and 0 otherwise. But this would have an expected cross-correlation of 0.25, and the actual cross-correlation might vary. However, for the worst-case shift, the cross-correlation could be higher. But this approach may not be optimal.

However, the constraints require that the integral of h is exactly 1, so if we use a binary function, the number of 1's must be exactly half the length of the array (since sum(h) = 1 * dx * n_points = 2 / 2 = 1). Wait, no. The integral of h over [0, 2] is 1. For a binary function, if h(x) is 1 on a subset of [0,2] and 0 elsewhere, the length of that subset must be 1. So, if we have n_points samples, each sample is 1 for a certain interval. However, this approach might be too restrictive, but could be a starting point.

Alternatively, maybe using a continuous function that is close to 0.5, but with some variations. But again, this is not clear.

Back to the original approach. The previous code's main idea is to generate various initial guesses and then optimize them. Maybe improving the initial guesses by generating more effective patterns.

Another idea: instead of using simple waveforms like pulse, saw, triangle, perhaps using a more complex pattern. For example, combinations of these waveforms or other functions. Alternatively, using a pattern that has multiple peaks and valleys, spaced in a way that shifts don't align them.

But how to generate such patterns algorithmically? Maybe using a sine function with a high frequency and certain duty cycle, or other functions.

Alternatively, using a function that is high in one region and low in another, but with multiple regions. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into several non-overlapping intervals where h is 1 or 0, but arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

Wait, but if we have multiple intervals where h is high, then shifting by the distance between intervals might cause overlaps. So perhaps arranging the high regions in a way that they are spaced apart, maximizing the minimal cross-correlation.

But how to model this? For instance, if the high regions are placed at positions that are spaced equally. For example, placing the regions such that their centers are equally spaced. This way, when shifted by half the spacing, the overlap would be minimized. 

But designing such a function requires knowing the optimal spacing, which is part of the problem.

Alternatively, considering that the function h is a step function with n_points samples, perhaps the optimal h is one where the positions of the high and low values are arranged to avoid overlaps. For example, using a checkerboard pattern where the function is high and low alternately.

But with n_points = 45, which is odd, maybe a pattern where every other sample is high. But this would not satisfy the integral constraint. For example, if n_points is 45, then the sum of h must be 22.5. So, if every other sample is 1, then sum would be 22.5. Wait, for n_points even, this would work, but for odd, we might need to adjust. For example, if the pattern is high for 22 samples and low for 23, or vice versa. 

However, this could be a viable initial guess. Let's think: if h is high for 22 sample points and low for 23, arranged alternately, perhaps. For example, the pattern 1,0,1,0,...,1,0,1. But for 45 points, this would have 23 ones and 22 zeros. Then, the sum is 23, which is more than 22.5. So, to adjust, maybe alternating 1, 0, 1, 0, etc., but with some adjustments. Alternatively, starting with 1 and ending with 1, which gives 23 ones. Then, to meet the sum of 22.5, we could set one of the ones to 0.5. But this is getting complicated.

But if we can generate such a pattern as an initial guess, it might lead to better optimization. For example, having high and low regions alternately placed.

So, the plan is to generate an initial guess that has alternating high and low values, and then optimize from there. This could help in reducing overlaps because shifting by one sample would not align high and low regions.

Alternatively, generating a function that has multiple high regions spaced such that their shifts don't align. For example, three or more high regions, well spaced.

But how to implement this algorithmically? For example, using a function that is high for certain intervals and low otherwise, with the intervals spaced to avoid overlap.

Another thought: the previous code used the initial_h_values, which might be a specific pattern. If I can't access it, but perhaps it's better to generate a new starting point. However, the user said that if there is an initial_h_values, we should reference it directly. So, assuming that the initial_h_values are provided, perhaps modifying them or optimizing them.

But back to the code: the previous code uses multiple guess functions. Maybe replacing some of them with more structured patterns could help. For example, using a function that is high in certain intervals and low in others, spaced to minimize overlap.

But to implement this, I need to generate such functions. For example, for the initial guess, using a function that is high in the first quarter, then low, then high, etc. 

But without knowing the structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the user provided the previous code, and the current task is to improve upon it.

So, the key improvements might involve:

1. Generating more effective initial guesses that have better structures for minimizing overlaps.
2. Using more efficient optimization algorithms or techniques to explore the search space.
3. Adjusting the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.
4. Combining different optimization strategies (e.g., global search followed by local refinement).

Now, considering the time budget of 100 seconds, the code must be optimized for speed. The previous code used differential evolution and SLSQP multiple times, which can be time-consuming. However, with a tight time constraint, perhaps a better approach is to focus on a few high-quality initial guesses and optimize them thoroughly.

Another idea is to use a method that samples possible shifts and focuses the optimization on those shifts. However, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based optimization with a good initial guess. For instance, using the initial_h_values as a starting point and applying a more efficient optimization method.

But how to implement this?

In the previous code, the 'refine' function uses SLSQP with multiple iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the parameters could improve the result.

Another possible optimization: since the problem is to find the minimum of the maximum, perhaps using a more global optimization method like differential evolution with a better population size and mutation settings. The previous code uses popsize=100 and a certain mutation range, but adjusting these could lead to better results.

Also, considering that the initial_h_values might already be a good starting point, focusing on optimizing from there could be more effective than trying numerous random guesses.

But to avoid getting stuck in local minima, it's important to have a good initial guess and diverse exploration.

Another idea: using a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP. For example, using differential evolution to find a good initial candidate, then using SLSQP to refine it.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, but this is complex to implement.

In summary, the plan for the new code is:

- Start with the initial_h_values as the base.
- Generate several structured initial guesses (e.g., alternating patterns, sine waves, etc.).
- Use differential evolution with a larger population and more iterations to explore the search space.
- Follow up with SLSQP optimization to refine the candidates.
- Use various refinement steps to further improve the result.
- Monitor the elapsed time and stop before exceeding the budget.

But to implement this within the code constraints, here's how to proceed:

1. Define the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Generate several other initial guesses, such as alternating patterns, sine waves, triangle waves, etc.
3. Use differential evolution with tuned parameters to find a good candidate.
4. Apply SLSQP optimization on the best candidates found during differential evolution.
5. Perform further refinement with SLSQP.
6. Return the best solution found.

Now, considering the code structure, the previous code used 'gen_pulse', 'gen_saw', 'gen_tri' functions to generate initial guesses. Let's see if those can be improved or optimized.

Another thought: the 'gen_pulse' function creates a pulse with a certain frequency and duty cycle. Perhaps varying the frequency and duty cycle to generate more effective patterns. For example, a higher frequency might lead to more frequent changes which could reduce overlaps.

Alternatively, using a combination of different functions for initial guesses. For example, using a binary pattern with certain periodicity, or a function that is high in overlapping regions.

But for code brevity, the previous code's approach can be followed, but with some adjustments.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the code should focus on using a better initial guess and a more efficient optimization strategy.

Another possible improvement is to use the initial guesses that are more structured. For example, a function that has multiple high regions spaced apart, which could be generated using a sine wave with a certain frequency and phase.

But how to implement this? Let's think.

Alternatively, using a binary pattern where the high regions are placed in a way that their shifts do not overlap. For example, placing high regions at positions that are spaced apart by more than a certain distance.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to implement. However, the code can generate such patterns algorithmically.

For example, generating a binary pattern where the first half of the samples are 1 and the second half are 0, but this might not be optimal. Alternatively, a more complex pattern.

In conclusion, the new code should focus on generating better initial guesses, using more efficient optimization strategies, and refining the solution thoroughly within the time limit. The previous code already does some of this, but perhaps with some tweaks.

One possible change is to use a more aggressive initial guess generation, such as varying the frequency and duty cycle of the generated functions, and also including more structured patterns.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is a non-convex function, the optimization landscape is complex. Therefore, using a global search method like differential evolution followed by local refinement with SLSQP is a good approach. The previous code did this, but perhaps with more iterations or better parameters.

In the new code, I'll try to improve upon this by using a more effective initial guess and adjusting the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.

So, the new code will:

- Use the initial_h_values as the base.
- Generate additional structured initial guesses, such as a square wave with a certain frequency.
- Use differential evolution with a larger number of iterations and better parameters.
- Apply SLSQP refinement in multiple steps.
- Monitor the time and stop early if necessary.

This should lead to a better C₅ bound.

Now, translating this into code.

The previous code uses several custom guess functions, but maybe adding more can help. However, to keep the code concise, perhaps focusing on a few effective guesses.

Another idea is to use a function that alternates between high and low values, but with a certain period. For example, a square wave with frequency 0.5. This would alternate between 1 and 0, which could be a good starting guess.

But for the code, this can be generated with a simple function, like h = np.sin(2*pi*freq*x), then thresholded to 0 or 1. However, this would have an integral that's not necessarily 1, so some adjustment is needed.

But for the initial guess, we can generate a function that is 1 for certain intervals and 0 otherwise, ensuring that the sum is n_points / 2.

But to keep the code simple, perhaps use the existing functions but adjust their parameters.

In the new code, the plan is to use the initial_h_values and generate a few other initial guesses, then optimize them with differential evolution and SLSQP.

Thus, the code will be similar to the previous one, but with some adjustments to the initial guesses and optimization parameters.

Another possible adjustment is to increase the number of iterations in the differential evolution and SLSQP steps, but this might consume more time. However, with the time limit, we can't do too many.

In conclusion, the new code will follow the same approach as before but with tweaks to the initial guesses and optimization parameters to achieve a better result.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_tri(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        wave = np.abs(np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x))
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_binary(shift):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        return np.clip(np.sin(2 * np.pi * shift * x) > 0, 0, 1)

    guesses = [h]

    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 10, 12, 15]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.4))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_binary(0.5))

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 0.99), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-8)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(6):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```