<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and we need to see if we can get lower than that.

First, I need to understand the problem setup. We have to find a step function h over the interval [0, 2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by any k. The overlap integral is calculated as the integral of h(x) times (1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0, 2] is 1, and h(x) is between 0 and 1.

The current approach uses a genetic algorithm with SLSQP refinements, but maybe there's a way to improve this. Let me think about the existing code. It starts with an initial guess, uses differential evolution for exploration, then SLSQP and COBYLA for refinement. However, maybe the initial guess isn't optimal, or the optimization could be more efficient.

One idea: Maybe using a better initial guess. The initial_h_values is given, but perhaps generating different starting points could lead to better results. Alternatively, maybe a different optimization method could be more effective.

Wait, the problem mentions that the user's previous code used SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. Maybe I can try different algorithms or tweak the parameters. For example, using a more global optimization method first, then refining with local search.

Another thought: The problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap. This is a minimax problem, which might be challenging. Perhaps the key is to design h(x) such that it's spread out enough to avoid having high overlaps when shifted. Maybe a more evenly distributed pattern than the previous approach?

The previous code uses pulse, sawtooth, and triangular wave functions as initial guesses. Maybe there are other patterns that could be better. For example, using a combination of pulses with varying frequencies or more complex shapes.

Wait, the constraints require the integral of h to be 1. Since the interval is [0,2], the average value of h is 0.5. So the function must be a "density" that sums to 1 over the interval.

Another approach is to model h(x) as a piecewise constant function with certain intervals. For example, if we can partition [0,2] into segments where h is 1 or 0, but then the sum would be the length of the segments where h is 1. However, the integral must be exactly 1. So the total length of the segments where h is 1 should be 1. But maybe that's too restrictive. Alternatively, h could take on values between 0 and 1, not just binary.

But since we have to represent h as a step function with n_points samples, perhaps the key is to find a structure that balances the overlaps. For example, a function that has multiple "high" regions spread out so that when you shift it, the overlap with itself is minimized.

The previous code uses some generated waveforms as initial guesses. Maybe trying to use a more structured approach, like a combination of multiple pulses or using a Fourier-based method? Not sure.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a game: for any shift k, the overlap is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)), which is the same as the integral of h(x) - h(x)h(x +k). So, the maximum of this over all k. So, the problem is to minimize the maximum of this value. Therefore, the optimal h should be such that it minimizes the worst-case overlap.

Another idea: Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal h is related to equidistribution. For example, distributing the peaks of h as evenly as possible over [0,2] so that when shifted, the overlap doesn't get too large.

But how to translate that into a function? Maybe use a pattern with multiple overlapping regions but designed to not have high overlaps when shifted.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal h is a periodic function with certain symmetry. For example, a periodic function with period 1, but since the interval is [0,2], maybe it's composed of two periods.

Wait, the current best is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, which is quite close to the lower bound of 0.3808... Maybe the optimal solution is already very close to that, and we need a more efficient way to approach it.

Let me think about the previous code's approach. It uses a combination of different initial guesses and then optimizes. The problem with that approach is that it could get stuck in local optima. So, perhaps using multiple different initial guesses and combining the best of them could help.

Another thought: The differential evolution part might not be efficient enough. Maybe using a different global optimization method, or combining it with other techniques. For example, using Bayesian optimization or other metaheuristics, but I'm not sure how to implement that quickly.

Alternatively, maybe the current approach can be optimized by using a better initial guess. The initial_h_values might not be the best starting point. So, maybe generating different starting points, such as periodic patterns or more complex waveforms, and then optimizing from those.

Wait, the problem allows n_points to be small, like less than 1k. The previous code uses n_points=45, which is low. Maybe using a larger n_points could give better results, but the user says that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, the current record is for n_points=45? Not sure. The code provided uses 45 samples as initial_h_values. So perhaps the user can try a different n_points?

But the code is supposed to be written as the run function. So, maybe the initial approach is to use the provided initial_h_values (n=45) and then perform optimizations. However, maybe trying different n_points could help, but the user says smaller is better.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization strategy. The current code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations, differential evolution with certain parameters, then COBYLA refinement. What if we tweak those parameters, or try other methods like genetic algorithms with more diversity?

Another idea: The overlap integral for a given shift k is the same as the integral of h(x) over the region where h(x) is active and h(x +k) is inactive. So, to minimize the maximum overlap, h should be structured so that for any shift, the active regions of h don't overlap too much with the inactive regions of h shifted by k.

This suggests that h should be designed such that its non-zero intervals are spaced in a way that when shifted, they don't align with the non-zero parts of the original h. This is similar to a set of intervals that are as spread out as possible.

Wait, but h is a step function, so maybe it's better to have h take on values in certain intervals, rather than being binary. However, given the constraints of the problem, the function is a step function with n_points samples, so we can't have exact intervals but a sampled approximation.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal h is a binary function (only 0 or 1). If that's the case, then the problem reduces to finding a binary function with integral 1 over [0,2], which would mean that the length of the 1s in the function is 1 (since the integral is 1, and dx is 2/n_points). Wait, no. The integral of h is 1 over [0,2], so if h is binary, the total length where h=1 is 1. So, the function is 1 on a subset of [0,2] of measure 1, and 0 elsewhere.

But in that case, what's the maximum overlap? For any shift k, the overlap would be the measure of the intersection between the set where h=1 and the set where h=1 shifted by k. Since h is 1 on a set of measure 1, then for any k, the overlap would be the measure of A ∩ (A +k), where A is the set where h=1. The maximum of this over all k is then the maximum of the overlap, and we want to minimize that.

This is related to the problem of placing intervals of measure 1 on [0,2] such that the maximum overlap between the interval and its shifted version is minimized. However, since the interval is of measure 1, maybe the optimal arrangement is to have A be an interval of length 1. Then, shifting it by k would result in an overlap of max(0, 1 - |k| / something). Wait, but if A is an interval of length 1, then the maximum overlap with A shifted by k is 1 - |k|, but only for |k| ≤ 1. So, the maximum overlap would be 1 when k=0, which is the case where the function overlaps completely. That's clearly not good, so the binary approach may not be the way to go.

Therefore, the optimal h may not be binary. Instead, it's a more complex function that allows for lower overlaps when shifted. So, the previous approach of using a step function with varying values between 0 and 1 is better.

Now, thinking about the previous code's approach: it starts with an initial guess, then uses differential evolution to explore the parameter space. Then uses SLSQP and COBYLA for refinement. However, the code might need more diverse initial guesses or different optimization strategies.

Another idea: Instead of using a fixed number of initial guesses, generate more diverse initial solutions. For example, create random initial points with different patterns, like periodic functions with different frequencies, or functions with different numbers of peaks.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a combination of genetic algorithms and local optimization. But the current code already uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method.

Wait, the code uses differential evolution with a population size of 90 and maxiter=60. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could lead to better results, but that might take more time. Since the time budget is 100 seconds, we need to be careful about the computational cost.

Alternatively, trying to sample the space more efficiently. For example, using a multi-start approach with different initial points, or using Bayesian optimization to sample promising regions.

But how to implement that in the given time? Maybe the key is to find a better initial guess that is closer to the optimal solution, leading to faster convergence.

Another idea: The previous code uses the initial_h_values, which is provided. Maybe generating a better initial guess by modifying that initial structure. For example, if the initial h has some peaks, maybe adjusting their positions or adding more peaks could lead to a better solution.

Alternatively, using a different starting point. For example, instead of the initial_h_values, generate a random initial h with the required sum. But the initial_h_values might already be a good starting point. However, the user's previous code used it and achieved 0.381142, so there's room for improvement.

Perhaps trying to use a different algorithmic approach. For example, instead of using derivative-based methods, use a simplex method or a different type of metaheuristic.

Wait, the problem constraints are non-convex, so it's possible that the optimal solution is a local minimum, and the code has to find a good balance between exploration and exploitation.

Another angle: The overlap integral for different shifts can be viewed as the convolution of h with (1 - h), scaled by dx. The maximum of this convolution is the value C5. So, the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of the convolution of h with (1 - h). This is a convolutional optimization problem.

So, the goal is to find h such that the convolution with (1 - h) is minimized in its maximum value. This is similar to a deconvolution or inverse problem, but with a maximization constraint.

But how to approach this? Perhaps using Fourier transforms, but since the problem is in a finite domain, the Fourier approach might not be straightforward. However, maybe there's a way to use frequency domain analysis. For example, the maximum value of the convolution is related to the maximum of the product of the Fourier transforms of h and (1 - h), but I'm not sure. This might be too theoretical and hard to translate into an optimization algorithm.

Alternatively, using the fact that the maximum of the convolution is the maximum of the integral over shifts, and trying to design h such that the convolution is minimized. For example, making the convolution as flat as possible, which would reduce the maximum value.

But how to design such a function numerically?

Let me think again about the previous code's structure. The code uses differential evolution as a global search, followed by local refinement with SLSQP and COBYLA. However, maybe the differential evolution is too slow, and we can find a better way.

An alternative approach is to use a genetic algorithm with a larger population and better mutation strategies. However, integrating that into the code might be complex.

Alternatively, adjust the parameters of differential evolution. For example, varying the mutation and recombination parameters could help find better solutions faster.

Another idea: Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is such that for every possible shift k, the overlap is the same. If we can find such a h, then the maximum would be uniform, and perhaps that's the minimal possible.

This would imply that h is a periodic function with certain properties. For example, h(x) = 1/2 for all x, but that would have an integral of 1 over [0,2] if the function is 0.5 everywhere. However, then the overlap integral for any k would be the integral of 0.5*(1 - 0.5) = 0.25. So C5 = 0.25. But wait, this would be perfect, but is this possible?

Wait, the integral of h over [0,2] must be 1. If h is 0.5 on the entire interval, then the integral is 0.5 * 2 = 1, which satisfies the constraint. Then, for any shift k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx is the same as integrating 0.5*(1 - 0.5) = 0.25 over the entire interval. So the overlap would be 0.25 for any k. That's much better than the current value of ~0.38. But why is this not considered? Is there a mistake here?

Wait, the problem requires that h is a step function. If h is a constant function 0.5 everywhere, then it's a step function (as a step function can have constant values). However, in the context of the problem, is the step function allowed to have constant values? The problem says "step function h: [0,2] → [0,1]" but doesn't restrict the number of steps. So, a single step (i.e., constant) function is allowed.

But if that's the case, then the optimal C5 would be 0.25, which is way lower than the current record. However, the problem states that the current record is 0.38085. This suggests that there's a misunderstanding.

Wait, let's re-examine the problem. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. If h is constant 0.5, then this becomes ∫ 0.5 (1 - 0.5) dx = 0.5 * 0.5 * 2 = 0.5. So the C5 would be 0.5. Wait, but that's higher than the current record. So my previous calculation was wrong. What's the correct value?

Ah, the integral over [0, 2] of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. If h(x) = 0.5 for all x, then:

For any k, the integral becomes ∫ 0.5 * (1 - 0.5) dx = 0.5 * 0.5 * 2 = 0.5. So C5 would be 0.5. Which is worse than the current record. So that's not helpful.

So, the initial idea of making h uniform doesn't help. Then what about other patterns?

Let's think again: the user's previous code achieved 0.381142. How can we improve that?

Perhaps by using a more efficient optimization strategy. Let me consider modifying the previous code's approach.

The current code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method. But maybe the initial guesses are not sufficient. For example, generating more diverse initial guesses could help.

Another idea: Instead of using a fixed set of initial guesses, generate them using different patterns that could lead to lower overlap. For example, using a binary pattern with multiple peaks distributed evenly, or using a waveform that has a certain periodicity.

Moreover, the code uses different waveforms as initial guesses. Perhaps generating these waveforms with varying parameters could provide better starting points.

Another possible improvement: Using a more efficient refinement strategy. The current code uses SLSQP and COBYLA for refinement. Perhaps using a different local optimizer or adjusting the parameters for these methods could lead to better results.

Also, the code currently uses a fixed number of iterations for each optimization step. Adjusting these parameters, such as increasing the maxiter for SLSQP or COBYLA, might allow for better convergence.

But time is limited. How can we make the code faster while improving the result?

Another angle: The problem is highly non-convex, and the current approach may get stuck in local optima. To mitigate this, the code could try different starting points more systematically. For example, using a larger number of initial guesses generated with different methods.

Alternatively, using a combination of different optimization algorithms. For instance, using differential evolution for the global search and then switching to a local optimizer once a good solution is found.

Also, considering that the code might be too slow for the current parameters, perhaps reducing the population size or the number of iterations in differential evolution while keeping the quality.

Another idea: Instead of using the initial_h_values, generate a new initial guess with a more structured pattern, such as a periodic function with a certain number of pulses. For instance, creating a function that has multiple regions where h is high, spaced out to minimize overlap.

For example, if the function h consists of K segments where it is 1, each of length L such that K*L = 1 (since the integral is 1), then the spacing between these segments should be such that when shifted, the overlap between them is minimized. However, since h is a step function with limited samples, this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, using a function that has a certain periodicity, like a sawtooth or triangle wave, but with parameters adjusted to fit the integral constraint.

In the previous code, they generate pulse, saw, and triangle functions as initial guesses. Maybe introducing more variance in these functions could help. For example, varying the frequency, duty cycle, or other parameters to create different structures.

Moreover, the current code uses a fixed set of guesses. What if we generate a larger number of initial guesses, but in a more efficient way? For example, by using random perturbations around the initial_h_values or by generating multiple different waveforms.

Another approach is to use a Bayesian optimization method, which adaptively selects the next candidate points based on the previous results. However, implementing this would require more complex code and might be too slow within the time budget.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model to approximate the objective function and guide the optimization steps. But again, this might not be feasible in the given time.

Considering all this, perhaps the best way to proceed is to modify the existing code to generate more diverse initial guesses, improve the optimization steps, and possibly adjust the parameters to find a better solution.

Let me outline the steps for the new code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point, but also generate additional initial guesses with different patterns.
2. Use a combination of optimization methods: differential evolution for global search, followed by SLSQP and COBYLA for local refinement.
3. Increase the number of initial guesses or vary their parameters to explore more of the solution space.
4. Adjust the parameters of the optimization routines to balance exploration and exploitation.
5. Track the best solution found over time and return it within the time budget.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is run with popsize=90 and maxiter=60. Maybe increasing the population size could lead to better exploration, but it might also take more time. However, since the time budget is 100 seconds, we need to balance this.

Another idea: The previous code uses a 'gen_random' function to generate random initial guesses. Perhaps instead of generating random guesses, we can generate more structured ones, like periodic functions with different phases or frequencies.

Additionally, the code uses a 'refine' function with COBYLA. Maybe using a different local optimizer, like L-BFGS-B, could help in some cases.

But since the user wants a concise code, I need to keep it as simple as possible.

So, let me think about the new code structure:

The code should:

- Take the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Generate additional initial guesses using various patterns (like pulse, sawtooth, triangle waves with different parameters).
- Run differential evolution on these guesses.
- Refine the best solutions with SLSQP and COBYLA.
- Track the best C5 value found.

Moreover, the code should be efficient and fit within the time budget.

To improve upon the previous code, perhaps increasing the diversity of initial guesses, and tuning the optimization parameters for better convergence.

Another possible adjustment: Instead of using a fixed number of initial guesses, generate more of them by varying parameters. For example, generate multiple pulse functions with different frequencies, or sawtooth functions with different duty cycles.

In the code, the previous approach generates guesses with frequencies 2,3,...8, each with pulses, sawtooth, and triangle. Maybe increasing the number of frequencies or using different waveforms could help.

Additionally, using more iterations in the differential evolution step could lead to better results, but it needs to fit within the time budget.

Moreover, the code should avoid redundant calculations and optimize the objective function evaluation.

So, the new code would need to include these modifications.

Now, translating this into code.

The main changes would be:

- Generating more initial guesses with varying parameters.
- Adjusting the differential evolution parameters, such as population size and maxiter.
- Possibly changing the local optimization methods or parameters.

But in the existing code, the user already does some of this. However, perhaps the initial guesses could be more varied.

Another possible improvement: Instead of using the initial_h_values as one of the guesses, generate a new initial guess based on it. For example, perturb the initial_h_values slightly to explore nearby regions.

Alternatively, use a different starting pattern based on the initial_h_values, but that might not be helpful.

Another idea: The previous code uses the np.correlate function, but the way it's computed might be time-consuming. However, since the code is memory-constrained, this is acceptable.

In terms of code structure:

The code needs to define the run function, which uses the initial_h_values. Then, generate a list of initial guesses using different patterns, run differential evolution, then refine.

So, in the new code, perhaps the initial guesses should be generated with more variation. For example, using different frequencies, different duty cycles, and different waveforms.

In the previous code, for each freq in [2,3,...8], they generate pulse, saw, and triangle. Maybe expanding this to more frequencies or adding more waveforms (like square, etc.) would help. However, the code may not have enough time to do that, so the user needs to choose a balanced approach.

Alternatively, generate more initial guesses with the same frequencies but varying parameters.

Another possibility: Use a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a combination of the initial_h_values and some randomly generated ones.

In terms of code modifications, here's what I can think of:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses generated by varying parameters more.
2. Use a larger population size in differential evolution to improve exploration.
3. Adjust the number of iterations in differential evolution and refinement steps to balance time and quality.
4. Possibly use a different local optimizer or adjust its parameters.

Also, ensuring that the code stays within the 300-line limit and other constraints.

Considering all this, the new code would modify the initial_guess generation to create more diverse patterns, possibly using more frequencies or different waveforms. It may also adjust the differential evolution parameters, such as increasing the population size or the max iterations, but being careful with the time.

Another possible optimization: Since the objective function is a max over the convolution, it's possible that the maximum occurs at specific shifts. So, in the code, the evaluation of the objective function computes the correlation and takes the max. Maybe optimizing for specific critical shifts could help, but it's unclear.

Alternatively, the code could focus on minimizing the maximum overlap by sampling shifts k where the overlap is likely to be high, but again, this might not be straightforward.

In the end, the most straightforward way to improve the previous code is to generate more diverse initial guesses and possibly tune the optimization parameters to find a better solution.

So, the new code would look similar to the previous one but with additional initial guesses, possibly different waveforms, and adjusted parameters.

Wait, but the user wants the code to be concise. So, perhaps generating a few more initial guesses with different parameters could help.

In the previous code, for frequencies 2 to 8, they generate pulse, saw, and triangle. Maybe adding more waveforms or varying frequencies could help. For example, adding a square wave or using more frequencies.

However, the code may not have enough time to do this. Alternatively, vary the parameters of the existing waveforms.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to generate more initial guesses by varying the duty cycles and frequencies, and possibly adding more frequencies.

Another idea: The previous code uses a 'gen_random' function to generate random initial guesses. Perhaps increasing the number of random guesses could help. But again, the code needs to be efficient.

In conclusion, the main improvements to the code would be:

- More diverse initial guesses generated with different waveforms and parameters.
- Tuned optimization parameters for differential evolution and local refinement.
- Possibly adjusting the number of iterations and the population size to balance exploration and exploitation.

Now, translating these ideas into code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_tri(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty * 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_random():
        r = np.random.rand(n_points)
        return np.clip((r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * 0.5 + 0.5, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.25))
    for _ in range(3):
        guesses.append(gen_random())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=180, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 1.2), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-8)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='L-BFGS-B', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```