<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the goal is to get even lower. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization, starting from an initial guess. But maybe I can do better by changing the approach.

First, I should understand the problem again. The task is to find a step function h over [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum of the cross-correlation of h and (1-h), scaled by dx. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1.

The previous code uses a few predefined shapes (pulse, sawtooth, triangle) and random guesses. Then it uses SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. But perhaps there's a better way. Maybe using more structured approaches, like genetic algorithms, or other optimization techniques. Also, maybe the initial guess could be improved.

Wait, the user mentioned that using a different starting point could prevent getting stuck in local optima. So maybe instead of starting from the initial_h_values, I can try different starting patterns. But how?

Another idea is to model the problem as a constrained optimization problem and use a more efficient solver. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe I can use a better optimization method, like gradient-based methods with more tuning, or perhaps a more effective global optimization approach.

Also, the problem is about minimizing the maximum of the cross-correlation. The cross-correlation can be thought of as a convolution, and the maximum over shifts. So, the function h needs to be arranged such that when shifted, it doesn't overlap too much with itself. This is similar to designing a function that has minimal autocorrelation, which is related to Golay sequences or other codes, but in a different setting.

Another approach could be to use a greedy algorithm. For example, iteratively adjust the function h to reduce the maximum overlap. But how to implement that?

Wait, maybe I can model this as a problem of minimizing the maximum of the integrals over all shifts. Let's think about the cross-correlation. The cross-correlation between h and (1-h) is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. For different k. The maximum over k of this integral is what we need to minimize.

But since the problem is over a continuous interval, perhaps discretizing it with more points could help. However, the constraints say that smaller sequences (under 1k samples) are preferred. The current initial_h_values has 45 samples. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a better approximation. Wait, but the user says to prefer sequences with less than 1k samples. So perhaps the previous code uses 45 points. Let me check: the code says n_points = len(h), and initial_h_values is provided. But the user's initial code is using that initial_h_values, which might be 45 points. Let me think: in the previous code, the initial_h_values is likely a 45-point array because that's a common number for such problems, maybe from prior research.

But maybe using 90 points could give better results. However, the code has to be efficient. So if I can't use too many points, I need to optimize the search within that.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h function has certain symmetry properties. For example, it could be periodic or have some repeating pattern. The previous code tried pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions, which are based on different waveforms. Maybe I can use more complex patterns or combine different shapes.

Wait, the initial approach uses a mix of functions. But maybe a better approach is to model the function as a combination of overlapping intervals. For example, partitioning the interval [0,2] into segments where the function h is 0 or 1, but arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. However, since h is a step function, maybe it's better to have it as a set of intervals where it's 0 or 1, and the transitions are at the boundaries. But the previous code uses step functions represented by samples, so maybe that's already handled.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be transformed into an optimization problem where the variables are the positions and widths of the intervals where h is 1. Then, the goal is to arrange these intervals so that their overlaps with shifted versions are minimized. But that seems complex.

Alternatively, maybe using a dynamic programming approach, but I'm not sure.

Another idea: the maximum of the cross-correlation can be rewritten as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx. For each shift k, this integral can be thought of as the area where h is 1 and the shifted (1-h) is 1. So, when h(x) is 1, then (1-h)(x +k) is 1 only when h(x +k) is 0. So, the integral is the area where h(x) =1 and h(x +k) =0. Therefore, the integral represents the overlap between the regions where h is 1 and the regions where h is 0 shifted by k. So, the maximum over k of this is the worst-case overlap when shifting h.

Therefore, the problem is to arrange h such that no matter how you shift it, the area of overlap between h's 1s and the shifted 0s is minimized. So, the goal is to make sure that h is as "spread out" as possible, such that when you shift it, it doesn't align with itself in a way that causes high overlap.

This is similar to the concept of a low autocorrelation sequence. In fact, the Erdős problem is closely related to the concept of minimizing the maximum overlap, which is similar to the autocorrelation function.

In the context of sequences, the maximum overlap can be thought of as the maximum of the autocorrelation, and the problem is to find a sequence (discretized) with certain properties.

Therefore, maybe there's existing literature or known constructions for such sequences that can be adapted here.

One known construction is the use of alternating signals, like in the case of the Erdős problem on the unit interval, where a periodic function with certain properties is used. However, the problem here is over the interval [0, 2], and the function is step-like.

Alternatively, considering the problem on the interval [0, 2], perhaps a solution involves dividing the interval into two parts, each with a certain structure. For example, using a function that alternates between high and low values in a way that shifts don't cause overlaps.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem?

Let me think about the previous code's approach. It used multiple guesses starting with initial_h_values, then some generated functions, and then some optimization steps. The code then uses SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. But perhaps this is too slow or not effective enough.

An alternative approach is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, instead of using differential evolution, which is global but can be slow, maybe use a combination of local optimization with informed starting points.

Another thing to consider: the function h is a step function, but in the code, it's represented as a sampled array. So, perhaps the optimization can be done in a way that takes advantage of the structure of the problem. For example, if the function h is made up of intervals where it is 0 or 1, then the problem becomes similar to optimally placing these intervals. However, this is computationally more complex, but maybe manageable.

Alternatively, using a more efficient representation of h. For example, instead of using a continuous array, perhaps represent h as a set of positions where it switches from 0 to 1 or vice versa. Then, the problem becomes selecting these switching points to minimize the maximum overlap. However, this approach could be more complex to implement and optimize, especially given the time constraints.

Wait, but the code needs to be efficient. For the current problem, maybe a better approach is to use a different optimization algorithm. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a genetic algorithm could be more effective for exploring the search space. However, genetic algorithms can be slow to converge. But perhaps with some tuning, it could be faster.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach could be effective, but it's not clear how to implement that quickly.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum value of the cross-correlation, perhaps we can use a penalty method. That is, transform the problem into an unconstrained optimization by combining the objective function with a penalty for violating the constraints. However, the main constraints are the integral of h being 1, which is a single equality constraint.

Another thing to consider is that the problem is non-convex, so the optimization may get stuck in local minima. So, the initial guess is crucial. The previous code starts with the initial_h_values, but perhaps generating better initial guesses could help.

For example, instead of just the initial_h_values and some generated functions, perhaps using a more systematic way to generate initial guesses. Like, creating functions that are known to have low overlap properties, or combining them.

Alternatively, trying different waveforms. For instance, a function that is a periodic square wave with certain duty cycles, or other shapes that spread out the 1s and 0s.

Wait, the initial code uses gen_pulse, gen_saw, gen_tri functions. Maybe adding more types of waveforms could lead to better initial guesses. For instance, a function that is a combination of multiple pulses or a more complex waveform.

Another approach is to partition the interval [0, 2] into smaller segments and assign h(x) to be 1 in certain parts. For example, if we can create a function that is 1 in non-overlapping regions that are spread out, but that might not account for all shifts.

Wait, but the problem is over the entire interval, so shifts can be any k. So even small shifts can cause overlaps if the function is not carefully designed.

Let me think about the mathematical formulation. Let’s denote the integral as:

C5 = max_k ∫₀² h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx

But since h is defined on [0, 2], the integral for a given k must consider the overlap of the domain. For example, if k is negative, the integral limits would adjust accordingly. However, when using the numpy correlate function with mode='full', the output includes all possible shifts. So the code's approach of taking the maximum of the correlate result is correct.

But how can I model this more effectively? Maybe using a different optimization method that can handle the constraints better.

Another thought: the constraints are that the integral of h is 1. Since the function is represented as samples with dx = 2/n_points, the sum(h) must be n_points/2. So the code ensures that.

So, perhaps the problem can be rephrased as optimizing h subject to sum(h) = n_points/2 and h_i ∈ [0,1].

Now, the key is to find h that minimizes the maximum cross-correlation. So, perhaps using an optimization library that can handle this more efficiently. For example, using cvxpy with a suitable solver, but non-convex problems may not be handled well. However, given that the objective function is non-convex and the problem is difficult, perhaps using a local optimizer with multiple starting points is the best approach.

The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution. But differential evolution can be slow. Maybe replacing differential evolution with a more efficient global optimizer, like particle swarm optimization (PSO), could help. But I'm not sure if the code can include that.

Alternatively, using a more efficient implementation of the optimization steps. For example, using a faster objective function evaluation, or vectorizing operations to avoid recomputing the cross-correlation each time.

Another thing to consider is that in the previous code, every optimization step recomputes the correlation, which is computationally expensive. Maybe precomputing certain values or using a more efficient way to compute the maximum.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to improve the initial guesses and refine the optimization process.

Wait, the previous code uses some generated guesses, like gen_pulse, gen_saw, gen_tri. Perhaps modifying these to generate better starting points. For example, using different frequencies or duty cycles. Or combining different waveforms.

Alternatively, trying to use a function that is a combination of different waveforms. For instance, a function that has multiple pulses spaced apart to minimize overlap when shifted.

Another idea: considering the problem as a covering problem, where we want to cover the interval [0,2] with regions of 1 and 0 such that their shifts don't overlap too much. This is similar to the problem of placing sensors in a line to cover all points with minimal overlap when shifted.

But how to translate this into code? It's not straightforward.

Another approach is to use symmetry. For example, arranging the function h to be symmetric around the center of [0,2], which is 1.0. So, if h(x) = 1 - h(2 - x), this symmetry might help in minimizing overlaps for certain shifts. However, this is just an idea and not sure if it's optimal.

Alternatively, using a function that has high values in certain regions and low in others, but arranged in a way that when shifted, the high and low regions do not align. For example, a function that has 1s in intervals that are spaced apart with gaps, such that shifting the function by a certain amount would not overlap with the existing 1s.

But again, how to model this in the code.

Alternatively, trying to model the problem as a constrained optimization where the variables are the positions of the 1s in the h function. For example, if h is represented as a set of intervals where it's 1, then the problem becomes selecting these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap. But this is more of a combinatorial problem and may not be tractable for large n_points.

Another idea: Since the problem is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation, perhaps the optimal solution has certain properties. For example, the maximum overlap occurs at certain shifts k, and the goal is to arrange h such that these maxima are minimized.

So, maybe focusing on minimizing the overlap for the most critical shifts. For instance, the shifts that cause the highest overlap. Therefore, an approach could be to iteratively adjust h to reduce the overlap for the worst case (the current maximum), then repeat until convergence.

But this is a heuristic and might not guarantee the global optimum. However, it could be implemented with a local optimization method.

In the previous code, after generating initial guesses, the code performs a few optimization steps with SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe adding more iterations of these steps could help. Or combining them with other steps.

Another possible improvement is to use a better initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values might not be optimal. Perhaps generating a better initial guess by following known patterns.

Wait, the previous code includes the initial_h_values as a starting point. But if that's a suboptimal guess, then the optimization may not find a better solution. So perhaps generating a better initial guess would help.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, creating a function that is a periodic square wave with a certain duty cycle. Or a function that alternates between high and low values in a way that minimizes overlap.

But how to generate such a function in code? Let's think: for example, a function that is 1 for a certain width and 0 otherwise, repeated periodically. But since the interval is [0,2], perhaps dividing it into segments.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals [0, a), [b, c), etc., arranged so that they are spaced to avoid overlap when shifted. But this is similar to the problem of designing a set of non-overlapping intervals that are as spread out as possible.

But how to translate this into code for the optimization? It might be complex, but perhaps for the initial guess, using a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, then let the optimizer refine it.

For example, the initial guess could be a sine wave with certain parameters, but not sure.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial guess can be generated by creating a periodic function with high and low values, such as a square wave. For instance, a square wave that is 1 for half the interval and 0 for the other half, but this might not be optimal. However, the current initial_h_values might be such a pattern, and perhaps modifying it.

Another idea: since the interval is [0, 2], which is twice the unit interval, maybe the optimal function has a certain periodicity. For example, a function that is 1 for the first half of the interval and 0 for the second half, but this might not be good. Or a function that alternates between high and low values every certain interval.

But I need to think of a way to generate such functions in code. For example, a function that is 1 for a certain number of points, then 0, then 1 again, etc., creating a pattern that spreads out the 1s and 0s.

Let me think about how to code that. Suppose we have n_points = 45. To create a periodic pattern, we can tile a small segment across the interval. For example, if the pattern is 1 for a few points, then 0 for a few points, repeating. However, the exact parameters would need to be determined.

But how to implement this in code. Maybe by using a function that generates a periodic pattern, like:

x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
h = np.zeros(n_points)
for i in range(n_points):
    if (int(x[i] * f) % 2) == 0:
        h[i] = 1
    else:
        h[i] = 0

But this is just a rough idea. The frequency f would need to be chosen such that the pattern is spread out. However, this is a possible approach for generating a better initial guess.

Alternatively, using a random permutation of 1s and 0s that meets the integral constraint. For example, ensuring that half of the samples are 1 and half are 0, but shuffled randomly. However, this may not be optimal, but could be a starting point.

But the previous code already has a gen_random function, which generates a random guess. Perhaps that's not the best starting point.

Another idea: since the optimal function might have a certain level of symmetry, perhaps generating functions that are symmetric. For example, constructing a function where h(x) = 1 - h(2 - x), ensuring that the function is symmetric around x=1. This could help in reducing the overlap for shifts around k=0, but it's not clear if it would help for all shifts.

Alternatively, using a function that is a convolution of simpler functions. For example, combining a square wave with a triangle wave to create a more complex pattern.

But again, this is getting too abstract. I need to think about practical code changes to the existing approach.

Let me recap the previous code's steps:

1. Start with the initial_h_values.
2. Generate a set of guesses (some from predefined functions and some random).
3. For each guess, perform SLSQP optimization to minimize C5, with the constraint on sum(h).
4. Use differential evolution with multiple iterations to improve the solution.
5. Perform a few refinement steps with SLSQP.

The current code might not be exploring the search space thoroughly, especially if the initial guesses are not good. So, perhaps the solution is to generate more diverse initial guesses or use a different optimization approach.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed number of initial guesses, generate more guesses with different parameters. For example, varying the frequency and duty cycle of the waveform functions. This could cover more of the search space and lead to better starting points for optimization.

Additionally, the previous code's differential evolution uses a population size of 100 and maxiter=100. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could lead to better solutions, but this may be computationally expensive, especially with the time budget.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where after generating a few good starting points with the waveform functions, perform differential evolution with a smaller population size and more iterations, then refine with SLSQP.

Another thing to consider is the computation of the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient. However, if the number of samples increases, the computation time would also increase. Since the problem allows for n_points up to 1k, but prefers smaller ones, probably keeping around 45-100 points is better.

But the previous code uses 45 points (since initial_h_values is 45 samples). Wait, the code starts with initial_h_values, which is assumed to have a certain n_points. So, if I can't change that, maybe using the same 45 points but improving the optimization steps.

Alternatively, trying with more points, but the user says smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe stick with 45 points.

So, to improve the previous code, perhaps the following steps:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses than the previous code.
2. Use more efficient optimization methods or adjust parameters.
3. Add more refinement steps with different optimization methods.
4. Use a better objective function computation or caching.

Let me think about changing the initial guesses. The previous code generates guesses with frequencies 2,3,4, etc. Maybe expanding the range of frequencies and duty cycles could create better initial guesses.

For example, instead of generating a few guesses per frequency, generate more, or use different types of waveforms.

Also, the current code generates random guesses, which might not be effective. Perhaps using a better random initialization, such as initializing with a uniform distribution but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Another idea is to use a genetic algorithm, where we evolve the function h over several generations. However, implementing a genetic algorithm in Python within the time constraints may be challenging, but let's think.

Genetic algorithm steps:

- Initialize a population of candidate solutions.
- Evaluate fitness (the objective function C5).
- Select the best individuals for breeding.
- Perform crossover and mutation to generate new candidates.
- Replace the worst candidates with the new ones.
- Repeat until a stopping criterion is met.

This approach could explore the search space more effectively, especially if the population is large enough. However, it may be computationally intensive.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps a basic genetic algorithm could be feasible for 45 points. Let me think about how to implement this quickly.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is used, which is a similar idea to genetic algorithms. So maybe a better approach is to use differential evolution with more iterations and better parameters.

Alternatively, using a combination of differential evolution and local optimization.

Another idea: in the previous code, after generating a few guesses and refining with SLSQP, it uses differential evolution. Perhaps changing the order of optimization steps. For example, first do differential evolution, then refine with SLSQP.

Another thought: the max function in the objective function is computationally expensive. Maybe approximating it or precomputing some values could help speed up the optimization. However, the code uses numpy's correlate, which is efficient.

Another possible optimization: since the maximum value is what we're trying to minimize, perhaps we can use a transformation of the objective function. For example, instead of minimizing the maximum, we could try to minimize the objective function by controlling the maximum value through constraints. But this is more complex.

In terms of code changes, what could be done?

Perhaps the main issue with the previous code is that it uses a limited set of initial guesses and may not explore the search space effectively. So, generating more diverse guesses could help. Additionally, using more iterations of differential evolution and refining with more SLSQP steps.

Also, adjusting the parameters of SLSQP and differential evolution. For example, increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerances.

Let me think about how to modify the code:

- Expand the list of initial guesses by generating more pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions with different parameters.
- Increase the number of iterations in the differential evolution steps.
- Use a different starting method, such as starting with a random permutation that satisfies the integral constraint.
- Maybe use a different optimization method, like COBYLA or another SLSQP variant.

But given the time constraints, it's important to make changes that can be implemented quickly and effectively.

Another idea is to use a hybrid approach: first perform differential evolution to find a good solution, then use SLSQP to refine it further. This combination could be more effective.

Alternatively, using a smarter way to generate initial guesses. For example, instead of generating random guesses, creating functions that are known to have good properties. For instance, a function that is 1 on certain intervals to avoid overlap when shifted.

But how to implement that?

Alternatively, given that the problem is about minimizing overlap, perhaps a good starting guess is a function where 1s are placed at positions that are as far apart as possible. For example, a 45-point function divided into two equal parts, with 1s for the first 22 points and 0s for the rest, but this is just a guess. Maybe that's not optimal.

But the initial_h_values might already have such a structure, so perhaps the code is missing better ways to generate initial guesses.

Another possible change: instead of using gen_random, generate functions that have more controlled structures, such as dividing the interval into segments and assigning 1s or 0s in a way that spreads them out. For example, dividing the interval into m segments and assigning 1s and 0s alternately.

But how to implement this? For example, creating a function that is 1 for the first m points, 0 for the next m points, and so on. This could be done with a small m, say m=2, creating a pattern of 1, 0, 1, 0, etc., but ensuring the total sum is 22.5 for 45 points. However, this may not be possible exactly, but can be approximated.

This is a possible approach. For example, a function with a regular pattern of 1s and 0s spaced out. This could be a good initial guess and might lead to a better solution.

But implementing this would require code to generate such functions. For example:

def gen_alternating(n_points):
    h = np.zeros(n_points)
    for i in range(n_points):
        if i % 2 == 0:
            h[i] = 1
    # adjust to ensure sum is n_points / 2
    # but for even n_points, this would work
    return h

But for odd n_points, like 45, this would give 23 ones and 22 zeros. To make the sum exactly 22.5, which is impossible, but we need to approximate. So, perhaps a more sophisticated function is needed.

Alternatively, using a function that divides the interval into alternating 1 and 0 regions with certain widths.

But perhaps this is getting too complex for the time being.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to focus on improving the optimization steps. For example, increasing the number of iterations in the differential evolution and SLSQP steps, and generating more diverse initial guesses.

Let me consider modifying the code:

- Increase the number of guesses generated. For example, instead of generating a few per frequency, generate more.
- Use a different mutation and recombination parameters in differential evolution.
- Increase the number of iterations for differential evolution.
- Increase the number of refinement steps with SLSQP.

Additionally, using more robust initial guesses.

So, in code, the guesses could be expanded by adding more frequencies and duty cycles.

For example, in the previous code, frequencies are 2,3,4,5,6,7,8,10,12. Perhaps adding more frequencies like 1, 9, etc. And different duty cycles, like 0.3, 0.5, 0.7.

Also, for each generated waveform, adding more variations could help.

Another thing to note is that the previous code uses gen_random, which might not be the best starting point. Instead, using a more structured random guess that meets the sum constraint could help.

So, modifying gen_random to generate a random array with sum approximately n_points/2.

For example, in gen_random:

def gen_random():
    r = np.random.rand(n_points)
    # Adjust r to have mean 0.5
    r = (r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * 0.5 + 0.5
    return np.clip(r, 0, 1)

This would ensure that the values are centered around 0.5, which could help in the optimization.

Another possible change is to use a different optimizer. For instance, the previous code uses 'SLSQP' and 'differential_evolution'. Maybe switching the order or using a different method for the initial steps.

But given the code's structure, perhaps the key is to generate more diverse initial guesses and then perform more optimization steps.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values as the first guess, then generate a set of functions with different parameters. For example, for the pulse function, vary the frequency and duty cycle widely. For the sawtooth function, vary the duty cycle. And similarly for the triangular function. This would increase the diversity of initial guesses.

In code:

guesses = [h]
for freq in [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 15]:
    guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.3))
    guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.7))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.7))
    guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.3))
    guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.7))
for _ in range(5):
    guesses.append(gen_random())

This would create more initial guesses, increasing the chances of finding a good starting point.

Another possible change is to increase the number of iterations in the differential evolution phase. For example, increasing maxiter from 100 to 200, and maybe increasing the population size.

Additionally, the refinement step with SLSQP could have more iterations. For example, instead of 6 refinement steps, do more.

But given the time budget, maybe it's better to optimize the code for speed.

In conclusion, the main improvements to the previous code could be:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses with varying parameters for waveform functions.
2. Increase the number of iterations in differential evolution and SLSQP refinement steps.
3. Use more sophisticated random initial guesses.
4. Possibly use different optimization methods or adjust solver parameters.

Now, translating these thoughts into code changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_tri(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.abs(np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x))
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        r = np.random.rand(n_points)
        r = (r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * 0.5 + 0.5
        return np.clip(r, 0, 1)

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 15]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.7))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.7))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.7))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=150,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 0.99), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-8)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(6):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```