<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral, which is given by the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. The current best is around 0.38085, and I need to try to get even lower than that.

First, looking at the previous code: it uses a combination of SLSQP optimization and differential evolution, starting from initial guesses like pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves. It also uses some random guesses. But maybe this approach is getting stuck in local optima.

Hmm, the problem is that the space of possible h functions is huge, and with only 45 points, the search might not be thorough enough. Maybe I need a different approach. Let me think about the constraints. The function h has to integrate to 1 over [0,2], and we want to minimize the maximum cross-correlation.

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is the integral over all shifts, maybe we can model this as an optimization problem where we minimize the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. However, since this is difficult to optimize directly, perhaps there's a way to approximate or decompose the problem.

The previous approach uses a fixed number of points and applies optimization. Maybe I can try using a different starting point. What if I start with a different initial guess, like a more spread-out pattern? Or perhaps a combination of different shapes that modulate the overlap?

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points) and applies optimization steps. Maybe trying different numbers of points could help. However, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, so n_points should be as low as possible but still sufficient for good optimization.

Wait, the current initial_h_values is for 45 points. Maybe trying with 60 points could allow more refined adjustments. But the budget is only 100 seconds. So I need to balance between the number of points and the computational steps.

Another thought: the cross-correlation can be expensive to compute. Maybe I can find a way to approximate or reduce the number of shifts that need to be considered? Or perhaps there's a way to perform the optimization in a more efficient manner.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral is the same as the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. So for each shift k, this is the area where h is 1 (or high) and 1 - h is also high (so h is low). So we want to arrange h such that these regions overlap as little as possible.

Maybe a good approach is to use a pattern that repeats or has a certain symmetry. For example, if h is high in intervals spaced apart, then their shifts would overlap less. But how to model this?

Wait, the problem is similar to designing a function that is as non-orthogonal as possible to its shifted versions. Maybe using a set of points where the function alternates between high and low values in a way that their shifts avoid overlapping.

Alternatively, using a function that is periodic but with some asymmetry. For example, a pulse train with varying duty cycles. But how to optimize that?

Another idea: since the current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, perhaps using a genetic algorithm could help explore the search space more effectively. Or maybe combining multiple optimization strategies.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution for a few iterations and then SLSQP refinement. Maybe I can try different optimization strategies, like using basin-hopping or other global optimization methods. However, with the time budget, this needs to be efficient.

Alternatively, what if I use a different initial guess? Maybe starting with a more optimal configuration. For example, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe starting with other patterns could lead to better results.

Let me think about how the initial_h_values are structured. Suppose they are a period of some function. If I can find a way to adjust the initial guess by adding more variation or symmetry, maybe that could improve the result.

Another approach: using a grid search over certain parameters. For example, if the optimal h has a certain structure (like pulses at certain positions with certain widths), then perhaps I can parameterize the function and optimize those parameters.

But parameterizing the function might be complex. For example, if I have a few pulses, each with a center and width, then the total sum would need to be 1, and the overlap would need to be minimized. However, with the current setup of 45 points, it's not clear how to model this.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to finding a function that is as "independent" as possible from its shifts, maybe using a Fourier approach. Since the overlap integral can be related to the Fourier transform. However, the connection might not be straightforward.

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is involved, perhaps using the fact that the maximum of the cross-correlation can be expressed as the maximum over all shifts. To minimize this, maybe we can model this as a problem of choosing h such that the maximum of all these integrals is minimized.

But how to handle that in optimization? It's a max-min problem, which is challenging. One approach is to use a penalty method, where the objective function penalizes large values of the cross-correlation.

Wait, the current code uses the max of the cross-correlation as the objective. That's correct. So the code is trying to minimize this maximum value. So the optimization problem is: minimize C₅ subject to ∫h = 1 and h ∈ [0,1]. So the previous code's approach is correct in that sense.

So perhaps the issue is that the initial guess is not leading to a good solution. Maybe trying different starting points could help. For example, if the initial_h_values are a certain pattern, but starting from a different pattern could lead to a better result.

Another thing to consider is that the code uses a fixed number of points (n_points). If the initial_h_values has 45 points, but perhaps trying a different number of points (say, 60 points) might allow more flexibility. However, with the time budget, the code needs to be efficient.

Alternatively, the code can be modified to use a different initial guess. For example, instead of starting with the initial_h_values, maybe generate a different initial guess that is more promising. For instance, using a gridding approach where the function is made up of multiple pulses with certain positions and widths.

Another thought: the previous code generates various guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding other types of functions, like square waves with different frequencies or other patterns, could lead to better results.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial guess is too similar to the current best, leading to local optima. So, starting from a completely different initial guess might help.

Another angle: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal solution has a certain symmetry or structure. For example, the function h could be designed to have the same pattern over intervals, such that shifting it by certain amounts doesn't cause significant overlaps.

Wait, considering the interval [0,2], maybe the function h is designed in a way that it's high in certain regions and low in others, ensuring that when shifted, the high regions don't align with the low regions.

For example, if h is a step function that is high in [0, 0.5], low in [0.5, 1.5], and high in [1.5, 2], then shifting by 1 would cause overlap between the first and the third regions. But maybe there's a better arrangement.

Alternatively, using a function with multiple overlapping intervals that are arranged in a way that the overlap with their shifts is minimized.

But how to model this? It's challenging without prior knowledge of the optimal structure.

Another idea: since the current code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help. However, with the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, combining differential evolution with local optimization (like SLSQP) could be more effective. The previous code does this, but perhaps the parameters are not optimal. For example, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters in differential evolution could lead to better exploration.

Alternatively, maybe trying a different optimization strategy, such as using genetic algorithms with specific mutation and crossover operators tailored to the problem.

Another point: the code uses a fixed number of points (n_points) based on the initial_h_values. But perhaps varying the number of points could lead to better results. For example, starting with a smaller n_points (like 50) and then increasing if necessary. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred.

But the initial_h_values has 45 points, which is manageable.

Wait, the code in the previous example used 45 points, and the current target is to improve upon that. Maybe trying with more points could allow for a more precise function, but the time is limited.

Alternatively, maybe the code can be optimized by reducing the number of optimization steps. For example, reducing the number of guesses or the number of SLSQP refinements.

Another idea: the cross-correlation in the code is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), which computes the full cross-correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum of these values multiplied by dx is the C5. But perhaps there's a way to compute only the relevant shifts? For example, considering that the overlap is between [0,2] and [0,2], the shifts would range from -2 to 2, but maybe focusing on certain critical shifts would help. However, this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, perhaps the maximum occurs at certain specific shifts, and we can model the problem to penalize those shifts more. But this would require knowing which shifts are critical, which might not be possible without prior knowledge.

Another approach: since the problem involves minimizing the maximum over all shifts, perhaps using a convex relaxation. For example, if we can find a convex function that approximates the maximum, then we can use convex optimization techniques. However, the cross-correlation is not convex, so this approach may not be directly applicable.

Alternatively, perhaps using a piecewise linear approximation of the function h, allowing for more efficient optimization. However, with the current setup of step functions (discretized as n_points samples), this might not be helpful.

Wait, the function h is a step function, so it's piecewise constant. The optimization is over the values of the steps. So maybe the problem can be viewed as a combinatorial optimization problem where we choose the heights of the steps to minimize the maximum overlap.

But even so, with 45 steps, the search space is large. So the previous approach of using heuristic optimization methods like differential evolution and SLSQP is necessary.

An alternative idea: instead of using the initial_h_values as the starting point, generate multiple initial guesses and evolve them using genetic algorithms or other methods. For example, using a genetic algorithm that evolves populations of h functions, evaluating their C5 values, and selecting those with lower values.

But implementing a genetic algorithm would require more code and may be more time-consuming, especially within the 100-second budget.

Another thing to consider: the code's refinement phase uses SLSQP with a limited number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance parameters could lead to better results. Similarly, adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution could be beneficial.

Also, the code uses a fixed list of guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, creating different pulse patterns with varying frequencies, or random patterns, or combinations of them.

Another thought: the current code uses a small number of guesses, and then applies differential evolution. Maybe adding more initial guesses, especially those that are more spread out or have varying structures, could lead to better exploration of the search space.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial guesses, like using a basin-hopping approach to escape local optima.

But with the time constraints, it's necessary to balance between exploration and exploitation.

Putting this together, perhaps the key is to generate more diverse initial guesses, optimize them using different strategies, and refine them with more thorough local optimization. Additionally, adjusting the parameters of the optimization algorithms (like mutation rates in differential evolution, number of iterations, etc.) could improve the results.

Another possible improvement: using a different initial guess. For example, instead of the initial_h_values, maybe starting with a function that has a certain periodicity. For instance, a function that is high on intervals of length 0.5, spaced 1 unit apart. This could reduce the overlap when shifted by certain amounts.

But how to construct such a function? For example, if h is 1 on [0, 0.5] and [1, 1.5], then shifting by 1 would align the first interval with the second, leading to some overlap. However, maybe this structure can be adjusted to minimize overlaps.

Alternatively, considering the optimal C5 is around 0.38, which is close to 1/2.5. Maybe the function is structured to avoid overlap in certain ways.

Another approach: since the integral of h is 1, over [0,2], the function has a certain average value. To minimize the overlap, the function needs to avoid having high values where 1 - h is also high. This suggests that the function should be spread out so that high regions don't align with their shifts.

So, the goal is to spread out the high regions of h as much as possible. This might be achieved by having the function periodic with a certain period that is incommensurate with the shift lengths. For example, using a function that is high for a certain period and low for another, with the period being a fraction of the interval.

But again, constructing such a function requires a way to model it, which could be challenging.

Given all these thoughts, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use more diverse initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters, and perhaps add more refinement steps. For example, using more initial guesses generated with different patterns, increasing the population size in differential evolution, and allowing more iterations in SLSQP.

Also, maybe using a different starting point. For instance, if the initial_h_values is a certain pattern, but starting from a different pattern (like a random one) could lead to a better solution.

Another idea: since the current code uses a seed, perhaps using a different seed to get different random initial guesses. But the seed is fixed in the previous code.

But in the problem statement, the run function is called with a seed. However, the initial_h_values might be different when a parent construction exists, but the code is supposed to use that directly.

In summary, the previous code's approach is reasonable, but there are several areas where it could be improved:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms (mutation rate, recombination, number of iterations, etc.).
3. Use different optimization strategies for different stages (e.g., more global exploration first, then local refinement).
4. Consider varying the number of points (n_points) to see if a different resolution leads to better results.
5. Use more sophisticated penalty or constraint handling in the optimization.

Considering these, let's think about how to code this. The previous code uses multiple initial guesses and then applies differential evolution followed by SLSQP. To improve, perhaps:

- Add more initial guesses, maybe if the initial_h_values is used, but also generate more random ones.
- Increase the population size in differential evolution.
- Adjust the mutation and recombination parameters in differential evolution.
- Allow more iterations in the differential evolution.
- Increase the number of SLSQP refinements.

Additionally, the code could use different starting points, like generating a more structured pattern (like a pulse wave) and modifying it.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses the initial_h_values as part of the guesses. If that's a good starting point, but maybe starting from other patterns (like a single pulse, two pulses, etc.) could help. However, generating those patterns algorithmically could be done.

For example, creating a function that generates a single pulse of certain width, or multiple pulses spaced out.

But how to do this quickly in code?

Perhaps, for generating initial guesses, using different patterns such as:

- A single pulse centered in the interval.
- Multiple pulses spaced at different intervals.
- A triangular wave.
- A square wave with certain duty cycles.

These can be generated algorithmically, and then added to the list of initial guesses.

So, the code can generate more guesses, like varying frequencies or duty cycles, to explore different structures.

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is dependent on the shape of h, maybe using functions that are designed to minimize autocorrelation, such as those with low correlation coefficients. However, standard low autocorrelation sequences like Barker codes might not apply directly here, but they could inspire the design.

For example, Barker codes have the property that their autocorrelation is minimal, but they apply to binary sequences. Perhaps adapting such concepts to this problem could help.

But given the time constraints, it's better to focus on modifying the code to explore more diverse initial guesses and optimize them more effectively.

So, the modified code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as one guess.
- Generate additional guesses with different patterns (pulses, sawtooth, triangle, random).
- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters to explore the search space more thoroughly.
- Refine with SLSQP with more iterations or tighter tolerances.

Additionally, to improve efficiency, perhaps splitting the optimization into phases:

1. Global exploration phase using differential evolution with a larger population size and more iterations.
2. Local refinement phase using SLSQP with high precision.

By adjusting these parameters, the code might find a better solution.

Now, translating this into code changes.

First, in the previous code, the initial guesses are generated with frequencies from 2 to 12. Maybe expanding this to more frequencies, or adding other patterns.

For example, adding more frequencies or varying duty cycles.

Also, using a larger population in differential evolution.

Another thing: the previous code uses a small number of iterations for differential evolution. Perhaps increasing the maxiter to 200 or so.

Also, after differential evolution, the code runs multiple refinements with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of refinements.

But all of this has to fit within the 100-second time budget.

Another point: the code uses a seed, but when using different initial guesses, it may be better to use different seeds to explore different regions of the search space. However, the seed argument is passed to the run function, so the default is fixed. But the code's current initial_h_values may already be a good starting point.

In the end, to make the code more effective, the following changes could be made:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses.
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP.
- Allow more iterations and better exploration.

So, the revised code would:

- Start with initial_h_values.
- Generate additional initial guesses with various patterns.
- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters.
- Perform multiple SLSQP refinements.

Now, coding this into the run function.

For instance, generating more guesses like:

- More pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves with different frequencies and duty cycles.
- More random guesses.

Also, increasing the population size in differential evolution.

Another possible optimization: using a hybrid approach where after some global search, local optimization is applied.

Here's how the code could be modified:

In the guesses list, include more patterns, such as:

- gen_pulse with different frequencies and duty cycles.
- gen_saw with varying frequencies and duty cycles.
- gen_tri with different frequencies and duty cycles.
- More random guesses.

Then, in the differential evolution phase, use a larger population size and more iterations.

Additionally, increasing the number of refinement steps with SLSQP.

Now, considering the code's structure, the previous approach uses a set of guesses, then differential evolution, then refinement with SLSQP.

So, to implement this, I'll modify the code to:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses.
2. Use differential evolution with higher population size and more iterations.
3. Refine with SLSQP more times.
4. Adjust the optimization parameters for better convergence.

Also, considering that the initial_h_values may have a certain structure, but adding random guesses could help escape local optima.

Testing this approach, the code may find a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_tri(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.abs(np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x))
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        r = np.random.rand(n_points)
        return np.clip((r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * 0.5 + 0.5, 0, 1)

    guesses = [h]
    freqs = [1.5, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, 10.0, 12.0, 15.0]
    for freq in freqs:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.4))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.5))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=150,
                                             mutation=(0.75, 0.95), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-8)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(8):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```