<think>
Okay, I need to find a better upper bound for C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral. The previous code used SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA optimizations starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a way to improve this.

First, the current best is around 0.38085. The target is even lower, like 0.380876. So I need to find a better solution. The initial approach uses multiple guess functions (pulse, sawtooth, triangle) and random guesses. Maybe I can try different starting points or use more sophisticated optimization techniques.

Wait, the previous code used a lot of different guesses, which might be computationally expensive. Maybe instead of generating many different guesses, I can use a more efficient method. Like, using a genetic algorithm or a Bayesian optimization approach. But the problem is time constraints—only 100 seconds. So perhaps a better approach is to use more efficient optimization steps.

Another thought: the problem is to minimize the maximum of the convolution. The convolution is max_k ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. So for each shift k, we need to make sure that h(x) and 1 - h(x +k) don't overlap too much. So maybe the function h should have certain periodicity or symmetry to avoid overlaps. Like, if h is a step function with periodicity, maybe it's better to arrange the steps so that they don't align with their shifts.

The initial starting point is a 45-point function. Maybe using a higher resolution (more points) could help, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are better. Wait, the previous code uses n_points as the length of initial_h_values. So perhaps trying with a higher n_points would be better, but the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe the current n_points is 45. Let me check the initial code: the initial_h_values is 45 samples. But perhaps using more points would allow for more precise optimization. However, with time constraints, maybe sticking to 45 is better.

Another approach: maybe using a permutation of the initial points, or applying some transformation to the initial guess to create a better starting point. For example, using a more uniform distribution or a better structured pattern.

The previous code uses SLSQP to optimize from various initial guesses, then differential evolution, then COBYLA refinement. Maybe I can combine these steps in a different order or tweak the parameters. For example, using a more aggressive differential evolution with parameters adjusted for faster convergence.

Also, the initial code uses a fixed set of guess functions, but perhaps generating more varied initial guesses would help escape local minima. Alternatively, using a different initial guess that's better structured, like a more optimal configuration.

Another idea: the overlap integral for different shifts can be modeled as a function of the shift. To minimize the maximum over all shifts, perhaps the function h should be designed to have low correlation with its shifted versions. So using a function with high periodicity or certain symmetric properties.

Wait, the problem resembles the Erdős problem of finding a function that avoids overlaps, so maybe using a function that's a union of intervals with specific spacing would help. For example, if h is a step function that is 1 on intervals spaced in such a way that shifting them by k doesn't allow them to overlap much.

But how to model that in optimization? Maybe using a binary representation for h, where it's either 0 or 1, but the problem allows h to be any value between 0 and 1. However, the initial code uses continuous variables, which might be better for optimization.

Alternatively, maybe using a piecewise constant function with more intervals, but the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. So perhaps sticking to a fixed n_points and trying to optimize that.

Another idea: using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a trust-region method or a quasi-Newton approach with better convergence. But in the previous code, SLSQP is used, which is a derivative-based method. Maybe switching to a different optimization algorithm, like the Nelder-Mead simplex method, but that might not be as efficient.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the search space more efficiently, especially since the objective function is expensive to evaluate. But given the time constraints, perhaps this is not feasible.

Another thought: the previous code uses the max of the convolution, and the convolution is calculated using np.correlate with mode 'full'. However, the number of shifts k can be up to 2, since the interval is [0, 2]. Wait, the integral is over x in [0, 2], and the shift k can be such that x +k is in [0,2], but since the domain is [0, 2], the maximum k that makes sense is up to 2. But the convolution with mode 'full' would include all possible shifts, and the maximum value would be the maximum over all those.

Wait, but in the code, when you compute np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode 'full'), the result has length len(h) + len(1 - h) -1 = 2n_points -1. So each entry in the correlation corresponds to a shift k. But the maximum k is such that the overlap is non-zero. However, the integral over x is the same as the correlation value multiplied by dx. So the code is correctly calculating the maximum overlap integral.

So, the problem is to minimize the max of these values. Now, the previous code uses a combination of optimization methods and initial guesses, but maybe we can make it more efficient.

What if we use a more structured initial guess, such as a periodic function with specific properties? For example, instead of using random guesses, generate initial guesses based on known optimal configurations for similar problems, or use a more intelligent initialization.

Another idea: since the integral is over the entire domain, perhaps the function h should be designed so that for any shift k, the overlap between h(x) and 1 - h(x+k) is minimized. This suggests that h(x) should be designed such that where it's 1, 1 - h(x+k) is 0, and vice versa. However, since the integral over the entire domain must be 1, it's impossible to have h(x) and 1 - h(x +k) never overlap. So we need a balance.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged such that shifts of these intervals overlap as little as possible. But this is similar to a covering problem, which could be challenging.

Perhaps using a function with periodicity. For example, if the function h is periodic with period 2, then shifting by 2 would give the same function. However, since the domain is [0, 2], shifting by 2 would be the same as no shift. So maybe that's not useful. Alternatively, using a function that is designed for a certain shift.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum over all k of the overlap. So for each shift k, we want the integral to be as small as possible. So, the optimal function would be such that for any k, the overlap is minimized. This is similar to a deconvolution problem.

Another idea: using the fact that the integral is the same for all shifts. So, if we can find a function h that is uniform in some way, perhaps with certain symmetries. For example, if h is a step function with equal intervals, but arranged in such a way that shifting by certain amounts doesn't cause their intervals to overlap much.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem? Maybe by trying different patterns for the step function. For example, using a pattern that alternates between 0 and 1, but with specific spacing.

Alternatively, using a function that is a union of intervals. Let's think about the current initial guess. If the initial_h_values is a 45-point function, perhaps it's structured in a particular way. For example, maybe it's a piecewise constant function with a certain structure. So, if I can generate similar structures with optimized parameters, maybe I can find a better solution.

Another approach: using a metaheuristic such as simulated annealing. However, simulated annealing can be computationally intensive. But given the time budget, perhaps combining simulated annealing with other methods.

Alternatively, maybe using the previous approach but with better parameters. For example, increasing the population size for differential evolution, or adjusting the mutation and recombination rates. Also, using more refinement steps.

Wait, the previous code does differential evolution with popsize=90, maxiter=60. Maybe that's too aggressive. Or maybe reducing the population size and increasing maxiter could be better. But with time constraints, perhaps that's not feasible.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a hybrid approach where we first perform a global search with differential evolution, then refine using a local method like SLSQP.

In the previous code, after differential evolution, they refine using COBYLA. Maybe trying different refinement methods, like using the SLSQP method with tighter tolerances.

Another idea: using the fact that the integral is the same as the convolution. Maybe discretizing the problem into a finite number of shifts, and then formulating the problem as a linear or non-linear optimization problem with constraints on the shifts. However, this seems challenging.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a constrained optimization problem where we want to minimize the maximum of several functions, each corresponding to a shift. This is a semi-infinite optimization problem, but with a finite number of shifts (for discrete x and k), it becomes a finite problem. However, the number of shifts is large, so it's not feasible to consider all of them. But the current code uses the maximum of the convolution values, which is correct.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses the initial_h_values, which might not be the best starting point. If the user allows us to use a different starting point, perhaps generating a better initial guess could help. For example, a starting guess that is more balanced or has a structure that tends to reduce overlap.

Wait, the user says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So, in the current code, the initial guess is based on the initial_h_values. So maybe trying to generate a different starting guess that is better structured could help. For example, using a function that is more spread out in the domain.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of guesses. Maybe dynamically generating different initial guesses based on certain patterns. For example, generating multiple versions of the initial guess with different parameters, or applying transformations like shifting, scaling, or rotating the initial guess.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a perturbed version of the initial guess, adding some noise, or using a different function generation method.

Another idea: using a different optimization algorithm. For example, using the BFGS method if the objective function is smooth and the constraints are manageable. But the problem has constraints (sum(h) = 1/2), but the objective function is the maximum of the convolution values, which is not necessarily smooth. So it's not clear.

Alternatively, using a more efficient implementation of the optimization steps. For example, combining the SLSQP and differential evolution steps with better parameter choices.

Wait, in the previous code, after generating some initial guesses, they perform a differential evolution, then refine with COBYLA. Maybe the refinement steps are not sufficient. Perhaps using more refinement steps, or different refinement methods.

Another approach to improve the code is to reduce the number of evaluations. For example, by using a more efficient initial guess, or by using the initial guess as a starting point for the differential evolution.

Another idea: the previous code uses the same number of points for all runs. Perhaps using a higher number of points allows for better optimization. However, the user prefers smaller sequences. But maybe for the given problem, using a higher number of points could lead to a better bound. For example, using n_points = 60 instead of 45. But the user's code uses the initial_h_values, which has 45 points. If I can generate a different starting point with a different n_points, that might help. However, the user says that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe it's better to stick with that.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial_h_values is not the optimal starting point, and generating a different starting point with more structured patterns would lead to a better solution. For example, creating a starting guess that is a periodic function with specific intervals.

Wait, the problem is similar to the "Erdös problem on overlapping intervals" in some ways. If we can design a function h that avoids overlapping with its shifted versions, that would be ideal. So, perhaps using a function that is a union of intervals with certain spacing. For example, if we have intervals spaced such that shifting them by k does not cause them to overlap. But since k can be any real number, it's challenging. However, the function has to integrate to 1 over [0, 2].

For example, if we divide the interval [0, 2] into equal parts and set h to 1 on certain parts and 0 on others, then perhaps shifting those parts by some distance would minimize overlaps. But with the integral being 1, this requires that the total length of the intervals where h is 1 is 1, since the integral over [0, 2] is 1. Wait, the integral of h(x) over [0, 2] is 1. Since h(x) is in [0, 1], the average value of h is 0.5. So if h is piecewise constant, then the measure (length) of the regions where h=1 would be 1 (since ∫h dx = 1). Therefore, if we create a function h that is 1 on some intervals and 0 elsewhere, the total length of those intervals is 1. So the problem reduces to placing these intervals in such a way that their shifted versions overlap as little as possible.

For example, if we have two intervals of length 0.5 each, placed such that they are separated by a distance of 0.5. Then shifting by 0.5 might cause overlap. But this is just an example. The key is to arrange the intervals to minimize the maximum overlap with their shifted versions.

This seems like a covering problem. But how to model it? Perhaps using a structured approach, like arranging the intervals periodically. However, the problem is to find such an arrangement that minimizes the maximum overlap.

This might be similar to the problem of placing points on a line to avoid overlaps when shifted, which is related to certain packing problems. But again, translating this into an optimization problem is tricky.

Perhaps using a random initial guess with a structured pattern, like placing the intervals at certain positions. For example, if the function h is a step function with n intervals of equal measure, arranged optimally.

But the initial code uses continuous variables, not step functions. However, optimizing over a step function might be easier, but the previous code uses a continuous function. So, perhaps the best approach is to use a continuous optimization method that can find a function with such properties.

Another idea: since the maximum k for overlaps is up to 2 (since the domain is [0, 2]), maybe the key is to minimize the overlap for certain critical shifts. For example, shifts of 1, which would shift the function to the right by 1, or shifts of 0.5, etc.

If the function is symmetric around 1, then shifting by 1 would give the same function, so the overlap would be the same as the overlap of h(x) with 1 - h(x). But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, using a function that is symmetric around the midpoint of the interval, which might reduce overlap for certain shifts.

But again, how to model this in optimization? It's challenging to specify such constraints, but maybe using symmetry as part of the initial guess could help.

Another thought: since the function h is designed to have an integral of 1, perhaps using a function that is uniform in some way, like a triangular wave or a sine wave, which can be optimized for minimal overlap. The previous code uses pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions as initial guesses, which could be a good approach.

But maybe using a more sophisticated initial guess based on a known optimal structure. For example, if the optimal h has certain symmetry properties, or follows a known pattern from literature.

However, without specific knowledge of existing optimal functions for this problem, it's hard to say. So, perhaps sticking to the previous approach but making minor adjustments to parameters or methods.

Another possible improvement: using a better method for the initial guesses. For example, generating random guesses but with a specific structure. For instance, using a function that is 1 with probability p in certain regions, then optimizing. But this is similar to the random guess functions already used.

Alternatively, using a more efficient evolutionary algorithm. For example, using a genetic algorithm with tournament selection and elitism, which might converge faster. However, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm, but with parameters that might not be optimal.

So, the steps I could take:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point, and try to optimize further.
2. Generate more varied initial guesses, including different structures.
3. Adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms used (like differential evolution and SLSQP) for better convergence and performance.
4. Use more refinement steps after differential evolution.
5. Consider other optimization methods or hybrid approaches.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to use differential evolution with a larger population size and more iterations, then refine with COBYLA. But the previous code already did that. To improve, perhaps adjusting the parameters for differential evolution, like increasing the mutation rate or changing the recombination strategy.

Another idea: during the differential evolution step, use a lower tolerance to allow for more exploration. Then in the refinement steps, use a tighter tolerance.

Also, the previous code uses a lot of guesses, which may take up a lot of time. Perhaps reducing the number of guesses, but using better quality ones.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with pulse, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Maybe generating only a few high-quality guesses, such as the initial guess and a few others based on structured patterns, could save time and lead to better results.

Another thing: in the current code, the initial guesses include several generated functions. But maybe using a single initial guess and allowing the differential evolution to explore from there would be more efficient. However, to avoid getting stuck in local optima, multiple initial guesses are useful.

But since the time is limited, perhaps focusing on optimizing from the initial guess with tighter constraints and refined methods.

In conclusion, to improve the previous code, I could:

- Use more efficient optimization parameters for differential evolution.
- Reduce the number of initial guesses to save time.
- Use a better method for refinement steps.
- Generate more intelligent initial guesses.
- Use a different initial guess that is likely to perform better.
- Consider alternative optimization algorithms.

Now, translating this into code. For the given problem, I'll need to write the run function as per the instructions. The previous code uses SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. To improve, perhaps:

- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution (mutation, recombination, etc.)
- Use a higher number of refinement steps.
- Use a better initial guess.
- Save time by reducing the number of initial guesses.

Here's a plan for the new code:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as the primary initial guess.
2. Generate a few additional structured guesses (like triangular, sawtooth, etc.).
3. Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters (e.g., mutation range, population size).
4. Refine using SLSQP with tighter tolerances.
5. Perform multiple refinement steps.

Also, ensure that the code stays within the time budget. The previous code used 2 differential evolution steps and 4 refinement steps. Maybe increasing the number of refinements or adjusting parameters could help.

Another adjustment: in the previous code, the differential evolution uses popsize=90 and maxiter=60. Increasing the maxiter to 100 might give better results. Or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Now, implementing these changes in the code. Let me structure the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_tri(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty * 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_random():
        r = np.random.rand(n_points)
        return np.clip((r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * 0.5 + 0.5, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.25))
    for _ in range(1):
        guesses.append(gen_random())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(1):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=90, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 1.0), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-8)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```