<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and I need to get even lower than that, like 0.380876 or lower. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA optimization methods with some initial guesses based on pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves. The challenge is to improve upon that.

First, I should understand why the previous approach might not have reached the target. Maybe it's getting stuck in local optima, or the optimization methods aren't efficient enough. Also, the initial guess is based on 45 points, which might not be optimal. Maybe starting with a better initial guess or using a different strategy for generating initial points could help.

Let me think about the problem again. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is essentially minimizing the maximum value of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. The constraint is that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So h is a function that's scaled to have area 1.

The previous code tried different waveforms as initial guesses. But perhaps there's a different way to structure h. Maybe using a more regular structure, like a combination of intervals with different values, or a more optimized pattern that balances the overlap.

Another idea is to use a more structured approach, like placing the "1"s and "0"s in a way that the overlapping regions are minimized. For example, if h(x) is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, then the overlap would be when the shifted h overlaps with the 1 - h regions. But since h is a continuous function, maybe a piecewise constant function with multiple segments would be better.

Alternatively, maybe using a symmetric pattern or a periodic function. Since the problem is over [0,2], perhaps a function that repeats every 1 unit, or has some symmetry.

Wait, the previous code used different frequencies for the pulses and sawtooth waves. Maybe trying different combinations or more optimized waveforms could help. But how?

Another approach is to consider that the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx is maximized for some k. To minimize the maximum, we need to arrange h so that for any shift k, the overlap is as small as possible.

This is similar to a packing problem, where we want to arrange h(x) such that overlapping with its shifted version is minimized. Maybe using a structure where the 1s are spread out as much as possible.

But how to translate this into a function? Perhaps using aperiodic distributions with certain spacing. However, creating such a function with optimization might be tricky.

The previous code uses optimization with different methods. Maybe adjusting the optimization strategy could help. For example, using a more efficient global optimization technique, like genetic algorithms, or adjusting the parameters of the existing ones. Also, perhaps using a better initial guess could lead to a better result.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided. Maybe I should start with that and then refine it further. The previous code started with that and did some optimization steps. Perhaps there's a way to perturb the initial guess in a more informed way.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial structure. For example, a binary function with certain intervals. Let's think about the optimal C₅. The current target is 0.38... so maybe the optimal solution is achieved with a function that has a certain regular pattern, like dividing the interval into equal parts with 1s and 0s arranged in a way that the overlaps are minimized.

But since the function is continuous, perhaps using a more complex pattern. For instance, a function that has multiple regions where it is 1, but spaced in such a way that shifting by k causes less overlap.

Another thought: maybe using a function that is 1 in some regions and 0 in others, but with overlapping regions minimized. For example, if h is 1 for a third of the interval and 0 for the rest, then shifting by 1/2 would cause overlap. But this is very simplistic.

But perhaps the optimal h is a more complex function. Maybe using a combination of different intervals with varying lengths. However, how to model that?

Alternatively, using a non-uniform distribution of the 1s. For instance, placing the 1s in a way that they are spread out as much as possible. Maybe using a uniform distribution for the 1s, but that would require the function to be 1 over an interval, which might not be optimal.

Alternatively, if h is a step function with several steps, like a binary function with multiple levels, but that's more complex to optimize.

Perhaps I should think about how the previous code could be improved. For example, using a more efficient optimization strategy. The code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but with parameters that might not be optimal. Maybe adjusting the mutation and recombination rates could help. Also, the previous code uses multiple optimization steps, but maybe combining different methods or using more efficient ones.

Another idea is to use a multi-start approach with different initial guesses. The previous code tried generating initial guesses with different waveforms and random functions, but perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could lead to better results.

Wait, the previous code uses a list of guesses which includes pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Maybe adding more structure to the initial guesses, such as more complex waveforms or specific patterns, could help.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal h might have a certain symmetry or periodicity, perhaps enforcing some structure during the optimization could lead to better results. For example, using a Fourier series approach to model h, which would allow it to have different frequency components and then optimize the coefficients. However, that could be complicated.

Another approach is to use a gradient-based optimizer with a better initial guess. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe combining it with global search methods would help find better solutions.

But considering the time budget of 100 seconds, I need an efficient approach. The previous code already uses differential evolution, but maybe adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution to use a larger population size or more iterations could help, but that might be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, maybe using a hybrid approach where after some global search, a local optimizer is used to fine-tune the solution.

Another thing to consider is the discretization. The current code uses n_points = 45 (from initial_h_values). Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a more precise function, but that would increase the computation time. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, so maybe staying at 45 points is better.

Wait, the initial_h_values has 45 points, so n_points is 45. So the code uses that. The previous code probably uses that. But maybe trying a different starting point with n_points different than 45. However, the user says to use the provided initial_h_values if available, so that's the starting point.

So, perhaps the main improvements would be to optimize the existing approach more effectively.

Let me think about the previous code's structure. It starts with the initial guess, then applies SLSQP optimization on different initial guesses, then uses differential evolution, and finally COBYLA refinement.

Maybe the problem is that the SLSQP optimization is not sufficient to find the global minimum, so using a better global optimization method like genetic algorithms (which isn't used in the previous code) could help. However, implementing genetic algorithms in the code might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, using more efficient settings for differential evolution, like adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters. For example, in the differential evolution step, the mutation is set between 0.5 and 1.0, and recombination is 0.8. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but within the 100-second budget.

Another idea is to use a multi-objective optimization approach, but that's more complex.

Alternatively, considering that the previous code's best solution was around 0.381, which is slightly higher than the target of 0.380876. So perhaps a small improvement is possible. Maybe tweaking the initial guesses or the optimization parameters could help.

Wait, the previous code uses the initial_h_values as the starting point, then tries different guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses that are more varied and informed could help. For example, using a function that is 1 in certain regions, 0 in others, and maybe some intermediate values.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated method for generating initial guesses. For instance, maybe creating functions that have a certain number of segments where the value is 1 or 0, but arranged to minimize overlap.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to the covering problem, where the goal is to cover the interval with certain patterns to minimize overlaps when shifted. So maybe using a specific pattern, like a "pulse" with certain width and spacing.

But how to translate that into code?

Another approach is to use a binary step function with multiple intervals. For example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into m intervals, and assign a value of 1 to some of them, such that the overlap when shifted by any k is minimized. However, this is a combinatorial problem, which is hard to optimize directly.

But perhaps using a greedy approach to choose intervals that minimize the maximum overlap. However, this would be too simplistic for the continuous case.

Alternatively, think of h as a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, which can be represented as a set of intervals. But with continuous optimization, this might not be the best approach.

In the previous code, the initial guesses are generated using sine waves, sawtooth, and triangle functions, which are all continuous. However, maybe the optimal function is not a simple periodic function. Perhaps a combination of different waveforms or more complex patterns.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a convex optimization problem. However, the objective function and constraints are non-convex, so convex optimization methods like interior-point methods may not work well.

Another thought: the key is to minimize the maximum correlation. Therefore, perhaps using a resampling approach, where the function is constructed to have certain properties that automatically reduce the maximum overlap. For example, using a function that has a certain level of "spread" in its values.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral is related to the energy of the function and its shifts. Maybe using a function with low cross-correlation.

But how to model that?

Alternatively, going back to the code structure. Perhaps the differential evolution step is too slow, and using a more efficient method could help. Also, maybe using a better initial guess.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include various waveforms. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different structures would help. For example, a function that is 1 in the first half and 0 in the second, then shifted, or other patterns.

But since the user wants a code block with no long literals and everything algorithmic, how can I generate those initial guesses?

Alternatively, think of the initial guesses as being generated with different frequencies and duty cycles. For example, generating pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions with different parameters. But the previous code already does that.

Another idea: the previous code uses a COBYLA refinement step, but maybe using another method like SLSQP again could help. Or maybe using a hybrid approach.

Alternatively, considering the constraints of the problem, the integral of h is fixed. So, the function is constrained to have a certain area. This is a constraint that can be handled in the optimization process.

Another possible issue is the evaluation of the objective function. The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the cross-correlation of h and 1-h. However, the integral is calculated by multiplying by dx. Maybe double-checking the calculation of the correlation to ensure that it's correctly aligned with the integral.

Wait, the correlation is calculated as np.correlate(h_vals, 1-h_vals, 'full'). The 'full' mode returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum value of this correlation, multiplied by dx, is the C5 value. But the correlation's length is 2n_points - 1, and the integral for shifts from -n_points + 1 to n_points - 1. However, when calculating the integral over the actual domain [0,2], the shifts that are beyond the domain would have zero contribution. Therefore, the calculation is correct.

Another point to consider is that the code uses a fixed dx of 2.0 / n_points. So for 45 points, dx is 2/45 ≈ 0.0444.

Now, looking at the previous code's approach, perhaps the optimization steps are not sufficient. For example, the initial guess is the initial_h_values, which might be a good starting point. Maybe applying more extensive optimization steps on that initial guess.

Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach to find the best h values. But implementing Bayesian optimization might be too complex and time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimizer. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP with some options, maybe adjusting the tolerance or the number of iterations could help.

Another idea: maybe the problem is that the initial_h_values is not optimal, and there's a better starting point. However, the user provides that as initial_h_values, so we should use it.

Alternatively, try to modify the initial_h_values in some way. For example, adding noise or perturbing it slightly. But that would be a form of exploration.

Wait, perhaps the previous code's differential evolution step can be optimized. The code uses a population size of 90 and maxiter=60. Maybe increasing the population size or the maximum iterations would allow for more thorough exploration, but it's time-consuming. For example, with 90 population and 60 iterations, the total time for that step is a fraction of the 100 seconds, but maybe more can be allocated.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the code can be adjusted to use a different optimization strategy that's faster and more effective.

Alternatively, using a different method for the differential evolution, like using a different mutation strategy or recombination operator.

Another possible improvement is to precompute the correlation values during the optimization steps to avoid redundant calculations. However, the code already does that since it's calculating the obj function each time.

Alternatively, consider that the previous code uses multiple optimization steps with different methods. Maybe combining more steps or adjusting the parameters of each step to better balance exploration and exploitation.

In terms of code structure, the previous code first does a few SLSQP optimizations on different initial guesses, then differential evolution, then COBYLA refinement. Maybe adding more refinement steps or modifying the order of these steps.

For example, the code could first perform differential evolution to find a good initial point, then use SLSQP to refine it further. Or vice versa.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses could help, but the problem is that the code is already trying to generate a variety of waveforms.

Alternatively, using a different way to generate initial guesses. For example, instead of generating pulse and sawtooth functions with various frequencies, maybe using a more structured approach like partitioning the interval into segments and assigning values in a way that balances the overlap.

But how to model that algorithmically?

Alternatively, considering that the optimal h may have a specific structure, such as being a combination of several pulses spaced apart. For example, having multiple 1s regions separated by certain distances. Maybe using a genetic algorithm to evolve such a structure.

But again, implementing a genetic algorithm within the code would be complex.

Another approach is to think about the problem as a binary optimization problem, where h is either 0 or 1. However, the problem allows h to take any values in [0,1], so using a binary solution may not be optimal. However, the current code uses continuous variables, so maybe a binary solution could be a starting point.

But binary solutions are less flexible, so the continuous approach is better.

In summary, the possible improvements include:

1. Using a more diverse set of initial guesses, perhaps with different structures.
2. Adjusting the parameters of the optimization algorithms (e.g., mutation and recombination rates in differential evolution).
3. Using a different combination of optimization steps (e.g., more refinement steps or different orders).
4. Increasing the population size or number of iterations in differential evolution but within the time budget.
5. Exploring different optimization methods, such as Bayesian optimization or others, but this may be too time-consuming.

Given the time constraints and the need to fit into a code block, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code's optimization steps, perhaps by adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution and adding more refinement steps.

Another idea is to use a more efficient local optimizer after the global search. For example, using SLSQP with higher precision settings.

Additionally, the previous code's refine step uses COBYLA, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a better local optimizer like SLSQP with tighter tolerances could yield better results.

In the code, the refine function calls optimize.minimize with method 'COBYLA', but perhaps using 'SLSQP' with more iterations could help.

Another point: the code uses a fixed number of iterations for each optimization step. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for some steps, but ensuring that the total time remains within the budget.

Alternatively, the code could prioritize more aggressive optimization steps early on, then refine with fewer steps later.

Considering all this, here's a plan for the new code:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as the base.
2. Generate initial guesses using different waveforms with varying parameters.
3. Perform differential evolution with adjusted parameters for better exploration.
4. Use a combination of SLSQP and COBYLA for refinement.
5. Add more refinement steps with different optimizers.
6. Ensure that the code stays within the time budget by carefully managing the optimization steps.

Now, translating this into code:

- The initial_h_values is provided.
- Generate a list of initial guesses with different waveforms, maybe more of them.
- Use differential evolution with higher population size and more iterations (within budget).
- Perform multiple rounds of refinement with different optimizers.
- Monitor the time and stop when the budget is near expiration.

Additionally, adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution, like increasing the mutation range or recombination rate. Also, increasing the number of generations.

But how to do this in code? Let's think.

The previous code uses:

res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=90, maxiter=60,
                                     mutation=(0.5, 1.0), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-8)

Maybe increasing the popsize and maxiter, but within 100 seconds.

But the code has to track the elapsed time and stop before the budget is exhausted. So perhaps increasing the maxiter and popsize would take more time, but the code has a budget of 100 seconds, so it's manageable.

Alternatively, decreasing the popsize and increasing maxiter for a better exploration.

Another idea is to use a hybrid approach where after differential evolution, the code does multiple COBYLA refinements.

Also, the code's initial guesses include pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves with specific frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe varying these parameters could generate better initial guesses.

In the previous code, the frequencies are 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. Maybe trying other frequencies or different duty cycles could help.

Another thing to consider: the code uses a random function gen_random(), which could generate diverse initial points. Perhaps using more such random functions could help.

Putting this together, the new code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate more initial guesses with different waveforms and parameters.
- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters.
- Perform refinement with multiple optimizers.
- Track time and stop before the budget is reached.

Now, I need to implement this in code, ensuring that it fits within the constraints.

Another possible change: using different initial guesses with different waveforms. For example, adding more frequencies and duty cycles.

Also, the code may benefit from using a different mutation strategy, like using a fixed mutation factor instead of a range.

But in the code, the mutation parameter is (0.5, 1.0), which allows any mutation factor between 0.5 and 1.0. Maybe using a fixed value like 0.8 could be more effective.

Additionally, adjusting the recombination rate, which is currently 0.8. Perhaps changing it to 0.9 or another value.

Another optimization: the code's refine step uses COBYLA, which is a local optimizer. Perhaps using SLSQP with more iterations would be better.

In the previous code, the refine function has a maxiter of 250. Maybe increasing that to 500, but if time permits.

But given the time constraints, it's better to balance the number of iterations and the number of refinement steps.

Also, the code's last step is to do multiple refine steps. Maybe increasing the number of refine steps.

Another possible improvement: using the best_h from the differential evolution step as the starting point for the refine steps.

Another thing to consider: the code's obj function is the maximum correlation multiplied by dx. Maybe there's a way to vectorize this or precompute it more efficiently, but the code already does that.

In the previous code, the obj function is computed as the maximum of the correlation, which is correct.

Now, putting all these thoughts into the code.

The new code could:

- Use more initial guesses.
- Adjust the differential evolution parameters.
- Use more refinement steps.
- Use a different optimizer for refinement.

But the code has to be concise and fit within the 12,000 character limit and 300 lines.

Given all that, here's a possible approach for the new code:

- Keep the initial_h_values as the base.
- Generate more initial guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles.
- Use differential evolution with more iterations and a larger population.
- Refine with SLSQP multiple times.
- Track time and stop when close to the budget.

Now, writing the code:

I'll start by importing necessary modules. The initial code has already imported numpy and scipy.optimize, so I'll build on that.

The initial guesses in the previous code are generated with gen_pulse, gen_saw, gen_tri, and gen_random. I can increase the number of these guesses or vary the parameters.

Here's an approach to generate more initial guesses:

For example, for each frequency in a range, generate pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions with different duty cycles.

Alternatively, generate more random functions.

Then, in the code, perform optimization with these guesses.

Also, adjust the parameters of differential evolution and refine steps.

Finally, ensure the code returns the best solution found within the time.

Considering all these factors, the new code would be a modified version of the previous one with these adjustments.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_tri(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty * 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_random():
        r = np.random.rand(n_points)
        return np.clip((r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * 0.5 + 0.5, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
        for duty in [0.4, 0.6]:
            guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, duty))
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
            guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, duty))
    for _ in range(3):
        guesses.append(gen_random())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=90, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 1.0), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-8)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```