<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. My previous code used a combination of optimization methods—SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA—but maybe I can do better by changing the approach.

First, let's think about the problem. The goal is to find a step function h over [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over all shifts k of the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h(x) is between 0 and 1.

The initial construction uses initial_h_values with n=45 samples. Maybe starting from that could help, but perhaps a different starting point or a better optimization strategy is needed.

The previous code uses SLSQP with some initial guesses, then differential evolution, then COBYLA refinement. But perhaps other optimization methods could be more effective here. For example, using genetic algorithms might explore the search space more thoroughly, but they might be slow. Alternatively, maybe a more informed gradient-based method could work better if the objective function is smooth enough.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a more structured optimization problem. Since the overlap integral depends on shifts, perhaps there's a way to model this as a quadratic optimization problem or use some symmetry.

Another thought: the current approach uses a fixed number of points (n_points). Maybe using different numbers of points could lead to better results. For example, trying smaller n_points (like 100 or 200) might allow more efficient exploration. However, the problem mentions that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred for speed.

Wait, but the previous code uses n=45, which is under 1k, so maybe that's okay. However, maybe trying larger n_points would allow for more precise optimization. However, the time budget is tight, so balancing between n_points and the number of iterations is important.

Another idea: the overlap integral is the same as the cross-correlation of h and 1-h, scaled by dx. So perhaps there's a way to model this as a convolution problem. But I'm not sure how that helps directly.

Looking at the objective function: it's the maximum over all shifts k of the integral. To minimize this maximum, perhaps I need to find a h that is as uniform as possible, with minimal overlap between itself and its shifted versions. Maybe a step function with multiple levels or alternating regions could help. For example, a function that has high values in regions that are spaced apart to minimize overlap when shifted.

Another approach could be to use symmetry. Since the problem is over [0,2], maybe designing h to have symmetry might help. For instance, making h periodic or mirrored around certain points.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more sophisticated initialization. The previous code generates guesses with pulses, staircases, and random functions. Maybe trying more structured initial guesses, like a combination of pulses or using a wavelet-like structure, could lead to better starting points.

Also, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimizer, but it's a bit slow. Maybe using a combination of different optimization strategies, like starting with a global search and then refining with local methods, could be more effective.

Wait, but the time budget is 100 seconds. The previous code uses multiple iterations of different methods. Maybe optimizing the hyperparameters for differential evolution or SLSQP could help. For example, adjusting the mutation rate or population size in differential evolution to balance exploration and exploitation.

Another possible improvement is to use a different objective function. For example, using a more accurate approximation of the integral or considering the overlap for specific shifts. However, this might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, maybe using a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to minimize the maximum overlap while also ensuring the integral constraint is met. However, this might not be straightforward.

Another angle: the current code uses scipy.optimize's SLSQP and COBYLA. Maybe switching to another method, like a Bayesian optimization with a surrogate model, could be more effective. However, implementing that within the given time constraints might be challenging.

Alternatively, considering the constraints, perhaps using a Lagrange multiplier method for the integral constraint. But again, how to integrate this with the optimization of the overlap integral.

Wait, the integral constraint is ∫h(x)dx = 1. So, when optimizing, this is an equality constraint. The previous code uses SLSQP with this constraint. Maybe there's a way to combine this with other constraints or use a more efficient method.

Another thought: since h is a step function, perhaps modeling it with a set of intervals where h is 0 or 1, and then determining the optimal positions and widths of these intervals. However, this could become combinatorial and difficult to optimize directly.

Alternatively, for the step function, maybe we can use a grid-based approach where the function alternates between 0 and 1 at certain points spaced in a way that minimizes the overlap. For example, if the function has high values in regions that are spaced apart by a certain distance, shifting the function would cause the overlap to be minimized.

Wait, the overlap integral for h and 1-h is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. This is equal to the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x)h(x+k) dx. Since ∫h dx = 1, the first term is 1. So the overlap integral becomes 1 - ∫h(x)h(x+k) dx. The problem is to minimize the maximum of this over all k. Therefore, the problem is equivalent to minimizing max_k [1 - ∫h(x)h(x+k) dx], which is equivalent to maximizing min_k ∫h(x)h(x+k) dx. So, the problem reduces to finding a h that maximizes the minimal overlap integral over shifts k, which is the same as the original problem.

This suggests that the key is to maximize the minimum of the overlap integrals over all shifts. So, perhaps focusing on maximizing the minimal cross-correlation between h and itself.

But how does that help with the optimization? Maybe by considering the cross-correlation function and aiming to make it as flat as possible, so that the minimum is maximized.

Another approach is to consider the Fourier transform. The cross-correlation of h with itself is related to the square of the Fourier transform. However, since we're dealing with a step function, maybe this is not directly applicable. But perhaps using Fourier analysis to construct h.

Alternatively, thinking in terms of signal processing, designing h to have a flat Fourier transform over certain frequencies would help minimize the maximum overlap when shifted. However, this is a bit vague.

Let me think about the initial approach. The previous code tried several initial guesses, including pulses, staircases, and random functions, then optimized them with SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe the key is to generate better initial guesses. For example, using structured patterns or more informed initial conditions.

Alternatively, instead of using differential evolution, which can be slow, perhaps using a more efficient global optimization method. However, given the time constraints, differential evolution might already be as good as possible.

Another possibility is to use a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral. For example, instead of using numpy.correlate, which might be slow for large n_points, but since n_points is around 100-200, it's manageable.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed n_points (45). Maybe trying with a larger n_points could allow for a better approximation. For example, using n_points=100, which would give more flexibility in the function's shape.

Wait, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. But maybe using a higher n_points could allow for more precise optimization within the time budget.

Alternatively, trying a combination of different n_points. For example, starting with a lower n_points, then refining with a higher one. But I'm not sure if that's feasible.

Let me think about how to structure the code. The current approach uses multiple stages: initial guesses with SLSQP, then differential evolution, then COBYLA refinement. Maybe the order of these steps can be adjusted. Alternatively, using a different sequence of optimizers.

Another idea: since the objective is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe using a multi-start optimization with different initial points, and then selecting the best result. But this is similar to the current approach.

Alternatively, using Bayesian optimization with a Gaussian process surrogate to guide the search. However, implementing that within the time constraints might be complicated.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient local optimizer. For example, using L-BFGS-B or another method that can handle constraints.

Another possible improvement is to use a better initial guess. The initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which might be a good starting point, but perhaps generating other initial guesses that are more tailored towards minimizing the overlap could help.

For instance, generating initial guesses that are periodic or have certain symmetries. For example, a function that has high values in regions spaced apart by a certain period. For example, alternating between 0 and 1 in a way that when shifted, overlaps are minimized.

Wait, the problem is similar to a covering problem, where we want the function to be as non-overlapping as possible when shifted. So, perhaps designing the function to have regions that are spaced in a way that shifting by certain distances doesn't overlap much.

For example, if the function has high values in intervals that are separated by at least a certain distance, then shifting by that distance would cause minimal overlap. So, perhaps a pattern like a square wave with specific duty cycle and period.

But how to model this as a step function over [0,2]? For instance, if the function is 1 on intervals that are placed periodically. However, the integral over [0,2] needs to be 1. So, if we have intervals of length l, spaced in such a way that the total length is 1.

Alternatively, considering that the function is a step function, maybe using a set of intervals where h is 1, and the rest is 0. Then, the integral constraint is the sum of the lengths of those intervals equals 1. Then, the problem becomes to place these intervals in [0,2] such that the maximum overlap with shifted versions is minimized.

This seems like a discrete optimization problem. But with the continuous case, the function is defined by the positions and lengths of intervals. However, solving this optimally would be computationally intensive.

But for the purposes of optimization, maybe generating such a pattern could yield a better result. For example, placing intervals such that they are spaced away from each other, and the shifts that could cause significant overlap are avoided.

Another idea: using a greedy approach. Start with the initial_h_values and iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, for each shift, the overlap is calculated, and the function is modified to reduce the overlap. However, this could get stuck in local optima.

Alternatively, using a simulated annealing approach, which could potentially escape local optima. However, implementing this with the given time constraints might be challenging.

Back to the previous code. The current code starts with initial_h_values and then tries different guesses. Maybe the initial_h_values are not the best starting point for the optimization. Perhaps generating a different initial guess that's more structured could lead to better results.

For instance, if we start with a function that has multiple regions where h is 1, placed in such a way that their overlaps when shifted are minimized. For example, placing the regions symmetrically or in a staggered pattern.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess with a different distribution. But the previous code already uses random guesses.

Another possible improvement is to adjust the parameters of the optimization. For example, in the SLSQP method, increasing the maxiter or adjusting the tolerance parameters might allow for better convergence.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of guesses (like pulses, staircases, and random). Maybe generating more varied initial guesses could help. For example, combining different waveforms or patterns.

Another idea: since the overlap integral involves multiple shifts, perhaps focusing on the shifts that are most critical. For example, determining the shifts k that contribute the most to the maximum overlap and then focusing the optimization on those. However, this would require analyzing the problem beforehand, which might not be feasible during optimization.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with better mutation and crossover strategies. For example, using a tournament selection and specialized crossovers to maintain diversity in the population.

But given the time budget, implementing a genetic algorithm might not be efficient enough. However, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm. Maybe tweaking the parameters of differential evolution, like the mutation and recombination rates, could help.

In the previous code, differential evolution is called with popsize=100, maxiter=30, mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-8. Maybe adjusting these parameters could lead to better results. For example, increasing the popsize or maxiter, but this might take more time.

Alternatively, using a smaller popsize with more iterations could balance exploration and exploitation.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed n_points (45). Maybe trying different n_points, such as 100 or 200, could yield better results. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. But if the time budget is 100 seconds, it might be possible to try with a higher n_points. For example, n=100, which is still under 1k, and could allow for more precise optimization.

Wait, the problem mentions that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So using n=100 would be acceptable. But how does the integration work? The dx would be 2.0 / n_points, and the sum of h must equal n_points / 2. So if I increase n_points, I can have more precise control over the function.

Perhaps the previous code's initial_h_values are for n=45, but trying with larger n_points could allow for a better solution. However, this would require modifying the code to handle different n_points. But given the current code's structure, it uses a fixed initial_h_values, so the code needs to be adjusted.

Alternatively, perhaps generating a starting point with a higher n_points. But the problem states that the initial_h_values is provided, so maybe using that as the starting point is fixed.

Wait, the initial_h_values are provided by the harness, and the code should reference it directly. So for example, the initial_h_values is a numpy array of size 45. If I decide to use a different n_points, perhaps I need to create a different initial guess based on that.

But the user's current code uses n_points as the length of h. So perhaps adjusting the code to use a different n_points would require changing the initial_h_values. However, the problem says that the user may want to start from the current construction (initial_h_values) which has n=45 samples. So maybe using a higher n_points isn't feasible if the initial construction is for lower n_points.

Hmm. This complicates things. The initial_h_values is fixed with n_points=45, and the user's code uses that. So trying a different n_points might not be possible unless we create a different initial guess. However, the user is allowed to use any starting point, not necessarily the initial_h_values.

So, perhaps the code can start with a different initial guess for a higher n_points. For example, generating a starting point with n=100 samples. But how?

Alternatively, the code can be modified to allow for different n_points, but this would require changing the code structure. However, given the time constraints, it's not clear.

Another idea: since the current code uses SLSQP with initial guesses and then differential evolution, perhaps the key is to refine the optimization process. For example, by using more sophisticated constraints or adjusting the optimization parameters.

Also, in the previous code, after differential evolution, there's a refinement with COBYLA. Maybe using different refinement strategies, like a more aggressive local search, could improve the result.

Another thing to consider: the objective function is non-convex, so the optimization is likely to get stuck in local minima. Therefore, using multiple starting points and a combination of optimization methods is important. The previous code does this by generating various initial guesses.

Perhaps generating more varied initial guesses could help. For example, using different waveforms or patterns that might lead to better results.

Let me think about what the initial_h_values might look like. If it's a constructive initial guess, maybe it's a periodic function or a staircase-like pattern. The code then tries to refine it with optimization.

In any case, to improve the code, perhaps the following steps could be considered:

1. Use a more effective initial guess, such as structured patterns that are likely to be good candidates.
2. Use a more efficient optimization method or combination of methods.
3. Adjust hyperparameters of the optimization algorithms to achieve better convergence.
4. Explore different n_points and possibly use a higher n_points for better precision.

But given the time constraints and the need to fit within the code structure, let's focus on modifying the existing code.

Looking at the code, the initial guesses include pulses, staircases, and random functions. Maybe adding more structured guesses, such as a combination of multiple steps or more complex patterns, could help.

Another possible improvement is to replace the differential evolution with a more efficient global optimization method. For example, using genetic algorithms with specific parameters, but since scipy doesn't have built-in GA, maybe using a different approach.

Alternatively, using the particle swarm optimization (PSO) method. But again, scipy doesn't have a built-in PSO, so that would require implementing it, which might not be feasible within the time.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization framework, but again, this would require more code.

Another idea: since the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation, perhaps using a surrogate model to approximate the cross-correlation and optimize that. However, this is complex.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum correlation is over all shifts, perhaps focusing on shifts that are most critical. For example, determining the shifts that are likely to give the highest overlap and optimizing those.

But how to determine these shifts? It would require prior knowledge or a heuristic.

Another approach is to use the fact that the maximum overlap is likely to occur around certain shifts. For example, shifts of 1, 2, or other distances that are significant in the interval [0,2]. But this is not guaranteed.

In any case, within the given code structure, the main ways to improve are:

- Generating better initial guesses.
- Tuning the optimization parameters for each method.
- Using more effective optimization methods.

Looking back at the previous code, the initial guesses are generated with pulses, staircases, and random functions. Let's think about the pulse function. The pulse function uses a sine wave to generate a waveform with a certain frequency and duty cycle. This could create a more structured pattern, which might be a good initial guess.

Similarly, the staircase function creates a stepwise pattern. Maybe using a combination of these could help.

Another idea: instead of using fixed frequencies for pulses, maybe varying the frequencies or using multiple pulses in the initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, including multiple pulse shapes with different frequencies and duty cycles.

Alternatively, generating a grid of pulse frequencies and duty cycles for initial guesses, but this might be too time-consuming.

Another possible improvement: in the code's differential evolution step, it's called with a population size of 100, maxiter=30. Maybe increasing maxiter or adjusting the mutation parameters could allow for a better exploration of the search space.

Alternatively, combining differential evolution with another method, like using the results of differential evolution to guide the SLSQP optimization.

Another thing to consider: the objective function for the optimization is the maximum of the cross-correlation. This is a non-smooth function, which might make the optimization challenging. Using methods that handle non-smooth objectives better could help.

In the previous code, the optimization methods used are SLSQP and COBYLA, which are gradient-based methods. These might struggle with non-convexity. However, the differential evolution is a global optimization method that may find better solutions.

But given that the differential evolution is already part of the code, maybe the main area for improvement is in how the initial guesses are generated and how the optimization steps are structured.

Another possible improvement: instead of using random guesses for the initial steps, perhaps using a more systematic approach to generate initial guesses that are likely to be good candidates.

For example, creating initial guesses based on known optimal structures or patterns that have been theoretically studied for similar problems. However, since I'm not familiar with such patterns, this might be challenging.

Alternatively, using a simplified version of the problem to generate initial guesses. For instance, solving a simpler version with fewer shifts or constraints.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is the maximum over all k, perhaps the key is to minimize the overlaps for shifts that are most critical. For example, for the interval [0,2], the most critical shifts are those that overlap regions where the function is densely packed.

But without knowing which shifts are critical, this is speculative.

In conclusion, the primary areas for improvement are:

1. Generating better initial guesses (e.g., more varied or structured patterns).
2. Adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods for better convergence.
3. Exploring different optimization methods like Bayesian optimization or other global optimizations.

However, given the time constraints and the need to fit within the code structure, I'll focus on modifying the existing approach to generate better initial guesses and adjust the optimization steps.

So, the improved code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate additional structured initial guesses, such as different pulse and staircase functions.
- Tune the optimization parameters to allow more iterations or better convergence.
- Use multiple optimization methods in a more effective sequence.
- Possibly explore different n_points if feasible.

The main changes would involve modifying the initial guesses and the optimization steps to find better candidates.

Now, translating this into code, the previous code already uses several initial guesses. To improve, maybe adding more structured patterns, such as a combination of pulses with different frequencies, or a more complex staircase pattern.

Another thing to consider: the code uses the same n_points as the initial_h_values. Maybe trying with a different n_points, like doubling the initial n_points, could help. For example, using n_points=90 or 100. But this would require modifying the code to generate a different initial guess, which might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, using the existing n_points and improving the optimization steps.

In the existing code, the initial guesses include pulses and staircases. Perhaps adding more pulse-based guesses with different parameters, or combining them with random guesses, could help.

Also, in the code's refinement phase, after differential evolution, it uses COBYLA with 200 iterations. Maybe increasing this number or using a different local optimizer could yield better results.

Another possible change is to adjust the mutation rate and population size in differential evolution to balance exploration and exploitation.

Additionally, using more aggressive constraints during optimization, such as tighter tolerances, might help.

In terms of code changes:

- Modify the guesses to include more structured patterns.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods.
- Use a more effective sequence of optimization steps.

So, here's the plan for the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generate additional initial guesses by varying the frequency and duty cycle of the pulse functions, and adjusting the staircase parameters.
3. Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters to explore the search space more thoroughly.
4. Refine with a local optimizer (like SLSQP) with more iterations.

Now, implementing these changes in the code.

The previous code's gen_pulse function generates a pulse with a given frequency and duty cycle. To generate more initial guesses, I can vary the frequency and duty cycle. For example, including higher frequency pulses, different duty cycles, or multiple pulses.

Similarly, for the staircase function, varying the frac and width parameters could help.

Additionally, adding more random guesses with different parameters could help explore the search space.

The code already includes a few guesses, but perhaps adding more would be beneficial.

Also, adjusting the parameters for differential evolution: increasing maxiter, or changing the mutation parameters.

Another possible change is to replace the COBYLA refinement with a different method, such as SLSQP with more iterations.

In the current code, after differential evolution, there are multiple refinements with COBYLA. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or using different optimization methods could help.

Additionally, in the initial phase, generating more guesses could help find a better starting point.

Another thing to consider is that the previous code uses a fixed n_points (45). If increasing n_points to 90, for example, could allow for more precise optimization, but this would require creating a different initial guess. However, the problem states that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, so 90 is acceptable.

But implementing this would require creating a new initial guess for n_points=90. However, since the initial_h_values are provided, perhaps the code should use the same n_points as the initial_h_values to maintain consistency.

In conclusion, the primary changes will be:

- Generating more varied initial guesses.
- Tuning the parameters of the optimization methods.
- Possibly adjusting the refinement steps.

Now, implementing these in code.

The code can be modified to include more initial guesses, for example, adding more pulse and staircase functions with different parameters. Also, adjusting the differential evolution parameters.

Another improvement is to use a more efficient way to generate initial guesses, such as using a grid of parameters for pulses and staircases.

But given the time constraints and the need to keep the code concise, the modifications will focus on adding more initial guesses and adjusting the optimization parameters.

So, the revised code will include more initial guesses and adjust the differential evolution parameters for better exploration.

Additionally, the refinement step can be adjusted to allow more iterations or use a different local optimizer.

In the end, the code will likely be similar to the previous, but with more varied initial guesses and optimized hyperparameters, leading to a better C₅ bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_staircase(frac, width):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        h = np.zeros_like(x)
        for i in range(n_points):
            if (x[i] < 0.5 * frac * width or
                x[i] > 0.5 * (1 + 2 * (frac - 1)) * width):
                h[i] = 1.0
        return h

    def gen_random(frac=0.5):
        r = np.random.rand(n_points)
        return np.clip((r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * frac + 0.5, 0, 1)

    guesses = [h]
    freqs = [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]
    for freq in freqs:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.7))
    for frac in [0.5, 0.7, 1.0]:
        guesses.append(gen_staircase(frac, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_staircase(frac, 0.4))
    for _ in range(3):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=40,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-8)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 5:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```