<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get even lower, like 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of different guesses and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But perhaps there's a better way.

First, let me think about what the problem requires. The goal is to find a step function h over [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, for each shift k, we need to minimize the maximum value of this integral. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1.

The previous code starts with an initial guess and uses various functions to generate different initial points, then optimizes them with SLSQP and differential evolution. However, maybe that approach isn't efficient enough. Let me think about alternative strategies.

One idea is to use a more structured approach. The Erdős problem is related to covering the circle with intervals in a way that overlaps as little as possible. Maybe a symmetric or periodic structure could help. For example, using a pattern that repeats every certain interval, ensuring that shifts don't cause large overlaps.

Another thought: since the problem involves maximizing the integral over k, which is the same as finding the worst-case shift, maybe we can model this as a optimization problem where we minimize the maximum over k. However, directly optimizing over all k might be complex. Instead, perhaps we can sample a discrete set of k values and optimize for those, which could be more tractable.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a convex optimization problem. Wait, but the integral is non-linear and the max over k complicates things. Maybe we can use a relaxation, like a semidefinite program or something else. But given the time constraints and the need for a Python implementation, that might not be feasible.

Another angle: the initial guess uses a 45-point sample. Maybe using a larger n_points could help, but the user prefers smaller ones. The current code uses n=45. But maybe there's a smarter way to structure the function h to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, using a function that has aperiodic regions or specific patterns that reduce overlaps when shifted.

Wait, perhaps using a function that's made of pulses or steps arranged such that when shifted, the overlap between the pulses is minimized. For example, if the function h is a union of intervals that are spaced apart enough that shifting them doesn't cause much overlap. However, since the total area is 1, the number of such intervals is constrained.

But how to model this? Maybe using a non-uniform spacing of intervals. For example, placing intervals at positions that are spread out in a way that their shifts don't align with each other. However, the exact arrangement would need to be optimized.

Alternatively, using a function that has a certain symmetry. For instance, if h is symmetric around 1 (since the interval is [0, 2]), maybe that could help in balancing overlaps. But I'm not sure.

The previous code tried different waveforms like pulses, sawtooth, and triangles. Maybe trying other waveforms or combining them could lead to better results. Also, maybe using a more targeted approach, such as gradient-based optimization with a specific structure.

Another idea: since the problem involves minimizing the maximum correlation, maybe the optimal function h is a periodic function with certain properties. If I can find a periodic function that meets the integral constraint and has minimal maximum overlap, that would be ideal. But how to find such a function?

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm approach. The previous code uses differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm. Maybe increasing the population size or varying parameters could help, but the time budget is tight. Also, the current code uses multiple initial guesses, which is a good idea to avoid local optima.

Wait, in the previous code, after generating some initial guesses, it uses differential evolution to refine them, then further refines with SLSQP. Perhaps the optimization could be improved by using different methods or adjusting the parameters. For example, using a combination of methods: first using a global optimization to find a good starting point, then using local optimization to refine it.

Another thought: the problem can be viewed as a game between two players. The function h is chosen to minimize the maximum overlap, which is equivalent to the adversary choosing the worst shift k. Therefore, the function h should be designed to have balanced overlaps for all shifts. However, this is abstract.

Let me think about how to structure the code. The previous code uses a fixed initial guess and then several other guesses. Maybe we can start from the initial_h_values but also try other initial guesses. However, the problem states that if initial_h_values are available, we should use them directly. So the code should start with that.

But perhaps the initial guess isn't optimal. The previous code's initial guess could be improved. For example, the current code's initial h_values are obtained from an initial construction, which might not be the best. However, the user says to start from the current construction, which is available via initial_h_values.

So, the plan is to start with the initial_h_values, then perform optimization steps to improve it. The question is how to optimize it better.

In the previous code, they tried several different initial guesses (pulses, sawtooth, triangle, random), and then used differential evolution and SLSQP to refine. But perhaps the key is to find a better initial guess or a better optimization strategy.

Another approach could be to use a more efficient optimization method, or to use a different constraint handling. For example, the previous code uses equality constraints, which might make the problem harder. Alternatively, could we use a penalty method or other heuristic?

Another thing: the objective function is the maximum correlation over all k. Evaluating this is computationally expensive, especially for large n_points. Since we want to keep n_points small (under 1k), perhaps using 50 or 100 points is better.

Wait, the code uses n_points=45. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a better approximation. However, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. But given the time budget, maybe a moderate number like 100 points is acceptable.

But given that the previous code's initial guess is 45 points, perhaps the code should stick with that. Let me think about optimizing the function h with a better approach.

Maybe using a gradient-based method with more efficient step sizes. However, the function to minimize is the maximum of several integrals, which is non-smooth and thus hard to optimize with gradient methods. However, if we can approximate the maximum with a differentiable function, perhaps using a smoothed max function, we could use gradient-based optimization.

Alternatively, using a block-coordinate descent approach, where we optimize each point of h while keeping others fixed, but this might not converge well.

Another idea: instead of considering all k, perhaps focus on the most critical shifts. For example, the shifts that correspond to the maximum overlap. However, without knowing which shifts are critical, this is difficult.

Alternatively, since the integral is over the entire x interval, the overlap for different k values can be related to the structure of h. For example, for k = 0, the overlap is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx, which is the same as the variance of h(x). However, this is just one of many possible shifts.

Wait, maybe the worst-case shift is when k is such that the shift causes the maximum overlap between the regions of h and the complement of h. So, designing h to have regions that don't overlap much with their shifted versions.

This seems similar to a covering problem, where the goal is to cover the space with intervals such that any shift doesn't overlap too much. However, the exact connection isn't clear.

Perhaps a better approach is to sample key shifts and optimize for those. For example, if we can determine a set of shifts that are likely to be the worst-case, then we can optimize the function h to minimize the maximum over those shifts. However, finding those shifts is challenging.

Alternatively, using a metaheuristic approach like simulated annealing, which could avoid local optima better than differential evolution. But implementing that may be time-consuming.

Another thing: in the previous code, after generating several guesses, it uses differential evolution with a population size of 100 and maxiter=80. Maybe reducing the number of shifts from the initial guesses could help, but perhaps increasing the mutation rate or other parameters would be better.

Also, the code uses multiple passes of optimization. Maybe the refinement steps can be improved. For example, performing more iterations of SLSQP after finding a good initial guess.

But given the time constraints, the previous code already tries several methods. What can be improved?

Let me think about the objective function. The integral is calculated using np.correlate with mode 'full'. For a given h, the correlation is computed for all possible shifts k. The maximum of these is what we want to minimize.

The current code's approach is to sample different initial points and optimize them. However, perhaps there are more efficient ways to generate initial points. For example, using a pulse-based structure with specific spacing.

Another idea: use a function that is symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], which is 1. This symmetry could help in balancing the overlaps. For example, h(x) = h(2 - x), which might reduce the maximum overlap for shifts that are symmetric.

Alternatively, create a function that is a union of intervals spaced with certain gaps. For example, placing intervals at positions where their shifts would overlap minimal.

But how to model this?

Another approach is to use the fact that the maximum overlap integral can be related to the convolution of h and 1 - h. The maximum value of the convolution corresponds to the overlap. Therefore, minimizing the maximum value of the convolution is the goal.

Thus, the problem becomes minimizing the maximum convolution of h with 1 - h over all shifts. This seems like a problem that could be approached with a filter design, where the filter h is designed to minimize the maximum convolution with its complement.

However, I'm not familiar with specific methods for this. Alternatively, thinking about this as a Chebyshev approximation problem, where the function h is designed to minimize the maximum deviation over certain shifts. However, this is more abstract.

Alternatively, since the integral is over [0,2], and the shift k can be any real number, but in the code, the discrete shifts are considered. The correlation is computed for all possible shifts, which is equivalent to considering all possible k such that x + k is within [0,2].

But in the discrete case, the code uses the full mode of np.correlate, which gives the correlation for all shifts. However, perhaps the critical shifts are those where k is small, like k in [0, 1], since beyond that, the shifts could be considered modulo 2 due to the periodicity.

Wait, the integral is over x in [0,2], and k can be any real number, but in the discrete case, the code considers all possible shifts. However, for the maximum overlap, the critical shifts are those that cause the most overlap between h and 1 - h. For example, if h has a peak at x=0.5, then shifting by k=0.5 might cause significant overlap. But without knowing the structure of h, it's hard to predict.

Another thought: perhaps the optimal function h is one that is a combination of pulses spaced in a way that their shifts don't align. For example, using a function that has a certain number of pulses, each spaced apart such that the distance between them is chosen to minimize overlap. But how to model this.

Alternatively, use a greedy approach: start with a function that has a single pulse (area 1), but that would have overlap with shifts. Then, add more pulses in positions that reduce the maximum overlap. However, this is a heuristic and might not work optimally.

But given the need for code, perhaps the best approach is to build upon the previous code, but with some modifications. For example, using more efficient initial guesses, adjusting the optimization parameters, or using a different optimization algorithm.

Looking at the previous code:

1. It uses an initial guess.
2. Generates several other guesses with different waveforms.
3. Uses SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize each guess.
4. Performs refinement steps with SLSQP.

To improve this, perhaps:

- Use a more sophisticated initial guess based on the initial_h_values.
- Use a different optimization method, such as a hybrid approach of differential evolution and SLSQP.
- Increase the number of iterations or adjust parameters to find better solutions.
- Consider different ways to generate initial guesses, like combining multiple pulses or other structured patterns.

Another possibility is to use a MIP (Mixed Integer Programming) approach, but that's not feasible with the given time constraints and libraries. The previous code uses scipy.optimize, which includes SLSQP and differential evolution.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, perhaps we can approximate this as minimizing the average of the integrals, but that's a heuristic. However, the maximum may be more sensitive to certain shifts, so focusing on those could be better.

Alternatively, use the fact that the maximum overlap is equivalent to the L-infinity norm of the convolution. Therefore, the problem is to minimize the L-infinity norm of the convolution of h with 1 - h.

To minimize this norm, we might need to design h in such a way that the convolution is as flat as possible, but I'm not sure about the exact method.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to adapt the previous code. For example, in the previous code, after generating the initial guesses, it uses differential evolution to refine them. Maybe that's not efficient enough. Or perhaps the code could try more initial guesses, but again, time is limited.

Wait, in the code, the guesses are generated by pulsing, sawtooth, triangle, and random functions. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different frequencies or duty cycles could help. For example, adding more random guesses.

But perhaps the code could use more structured initial guesses, such as combining multiple pulses with different spacing.

Another thing: the previous code's objective function is based on the maximum of the correlation. However, this is computationally intensive. Maybe we can approximate it by evaluating only a subset of shifts, but that could lead to suboptimal results.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model to approximate the maximum value, but this is more complex.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values have 45 samples. Maybe using a larger n_points (like 100) would allow for better resolution, but the user says smaller sequences are preferred. So perhaps keeping n_points at 50 or 100 is better.

But given the current code's n_points=45, maybe trying to optimize that.

In the code, the initial_h_values are used, then the code generates multiple guesses. However, perhaps the initial guess is already good, and the code should focus on refining it more, rather than generating many guesses. For example, only use a few initial guesses and apply more robust optimization.

Another possible improvement: during the optimization steps, use a more efficient method. For example, in the differential evolution step, increasing the mutation parameter or decreasing the tolerance.

Alternatively, after generating an initial guess, perform a series of local optimizations with different starting points.

But considering all these possibilities, the code may need to adjust the number of guesses, the optimization parameters, and the steps for refinement.

So, to sum up, the plan is to modify the previous code by possibly:

1. Using a more efficient initial guess, perhaps improving on the initial_h_values.
2. Adjusting the optimization parameters for SLSQP and differential evolution.
3. Refining the refinement steps.
4. Possibly using a different set of initial guesses, like more structured functions.

But since the user said to start with the initial_h_values, and not to paste its values, we have to use it directly.

Another idea: in the previous code, the function gen_random generates a random distribution and scales it to have the correct area. However, this might not be the most effective initial guess. Perhaps using a different method to generate initial guesses, like placing pulses in specific positions.

Alternatively, creating a function that is a union of non-overlapping intervals, scaled to have area 1. For example, placing n intervals with certain widths and positions. This could be structured to minimize overlaps.

But how to implement that? For example, placing intervals such that they are spaced apart. However, the exact positions would need to be optimized.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to proceed with the existing code but enhance it.

One thing I noticed in the previous code is that the initial_h_values is used as the first guess. Then, other guesses are added. However, maybe the initial_h_values is already a good candidate, and the code could focus on refining it rather than generating many other guesses. For example, the code could focus on a few initial guesses, like the initial_h_values and a few others, and perform more intensive optimization on them.

Another thought: the evaluation of the objective function in the previous code is expensive, especially for larger n_points. However, the code uses n_points=45, so it's manageable.

So, to improve the code, perhaps:

- Use the initial_h_values as the main guess.
- Refine it with more aggressive optimization steps.
- Use a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP.
- Possibly add more specific initial guesses that are tailored for the problem.

In the current code, after generating the initial guesses, it uses differential evolution and then SLSQP. However, the number of guesses is limited. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help escape local minima.

But given the time budget, it's better to focus on refining the existing guesses.

Another plan:

1. Start with the initial_h_values.
2. Use a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP to optimize.
3. Use a more aggressive parameter tuning for the optimization methods.
4. Use more refinement steps.

Alternatively, the code can use a hybrid approach, such as using differential evolution to find a good solution and then refine it with SLSQP.

But the previous code does something like this.

Another thing to consider is that the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 45. Maybe changing the n_points could help. For example, using a different number of points, like 100, might give better results. However, the problem prefers smaller sequences for speed.

But the previous code's n_points is 45, which is acceptable.

Another possible improvement: use a more effective optimization algorithm. For example, instead of using differential evolution, use a genetic algorithm. But scipy doesn't have a genetic algorithm implementation, but there's a genetic algorithm in scipy.optimize, but maybe it's not optimized. Alternatively, use the Basin Hopping algorithm, which is a global optimization method. However, I'm not sure if it's available.

Alternatively, use the Nelder-Mead simplex method, but it's not guaranteed to find the global minimum.

Another approach: since the objective function is the maximum of several integrals, which are smooth functions of h, perhaps the problem can be transformed into minimizing one of them, but that's not directly helpful.

In summary, the plan is to enhance the existing code by:

- Improving the initial guesses by adding more structured patterns.
- Adjusting the optimization parameters for better convergence.
- Increasing the number of refinement steps.
- Using a more efficient method for the initial optimization.

For example, perhaps adding initial guesses that are more tailored, like a function that is a combination of pulses with specific spacing.

Given that I have to write the code, here's how I can proceed:

Modify the previous code to generate more sophisticated initial guesses, perhaps using a pattern that alternates between high and low values, or uses a more precise structure.

Alternatively, since the initial_h_values is available, perhaps it's better to refine it thoroughly without generating many other guesses.

But to adhere to the problem's instructions, the code should use the initial_h_values as a starting point.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses or varying the parameters of the generated functions (like frequencies and duty cycles) could lead to better initial points.

For example, in the previous code, the guesses include pulses with frequencies from 3 to 10, and sawtooth/triangle with duty cycles of 0.2 to 0.6. Perhaps adding more frequencies or other types of functions could help.

Alternatively, using more steps in the initial guesses, like generating random guesses with better properties.

But given the time constraints, the code could be modified to generate more initial guesses or adjust the existing ones.

In the code, the guesses are generated with functions like gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, and gen_random. Maybe adding more of these functions with different parameters could help.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess, like a function that has a specific pattern, such as a sine wave with certain frequencies.

But the code already includes some of that.

Another thing to consider is the use of constraints. The previous code uses an equality constraint on the sum of h. However, the SLSQP method might be sensitive to this constraint. Perhaps adding bounds and constraints more effectively.

Alternatively, in the objective function, instead of evaluating the maximum correlation, we can try to minimize the maximum correlation by using a penalty method. But this is more complex.

In the previous code, the objective function is the max correlation multiplied by dx. However, during optimization, the code may get stuck in local minima. To avoid this, using a global optimization method like differential evolution could be better.

But given that the previous code uses differential evolution, it's already using that.

Another idea: during the initial optimization steps, use a larger population size and more iterations to find better initial solutions, then refine them.

In the previous code, the differential evolution uses popsize=100 and maxiter=80. Maybe increasing the popsize could help, but with the time budget, this might be too slow.

Another thing: the code tracks time and stops before exceeding the budget. So, in the refinement steps, perhaps using more iterations but with a time limit.

Overall, the previous code is a good start, but perhaps the following changes can be made:

- Use the initial_h_values as the main initial guess, generating fewer other guesses.
- Increase the number of refinement steps.
- Adjust the mutation rates and other parameters in differential evolution.
- Use a more effective way to generate initial guesses, like using more structured functions.

Given that the user's code already includes these steps, perhaps the best way is to improve the code by making the initial guesses more targeted and using more efficient optimization steps.

In conclusion, the improvements to the code would include:

1. Using the initial_h_values as the main guess.
2. Generating more diverse and possibly better initial guesses.
3. Adjusting the optimization parameters for better convergence.
4. Refining the solution with more SLSQP steps.

Thus, the code would be structured to start with the initial guess, then generate a few more structured guesses, optimize them, and refine the results.

Now, implementing this in code.

First, load the initial_h_values and use them. Then, generate more initial guesses. For example, adding more pulses, sawtooth, etc., but also possibly other functions.

Alternatively, use a better way to generate initial guesses based on the initial_h_values.

But since I can't modify the initial_h_values, I'll proceed as before.

The code would then proceed to refine these guesses.

Another possible optimization: in the previous code, the differential evolution is called five times, but maybe increasing that number could help, but within the time budget.

Also, after the initial guesses, the code performs several refinement steps with SLSQP. Increasing the number of refinement steps could help.

Therefore, the code could be modified to have more refinement steps, and possibly use more initial guesses.

Another thing to consider is the use of different optimization methods in combination. For example, after differential evolution, use SLSQP with more iterations.

In the previous code, the refinement steps have 10 iterations. Maybe increasing that number.

Also, using more precise settings for SLSQP, like lower ftol and higher maxiter.

However, with the time constraint, these changes must be balanced.

Putting it all together, the final code would use the initial_h_values, generate additional structured guesses, perform optimization steps with differential evolution and SLSQP, and then refine the solution to achieve a better C5 bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 6):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.25, 0.35, 0.45, 0.5, 0.55]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.25, 0.35, 0.45, 0.5, 0.55]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(4):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=120, maxiter=60,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```