<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. So, I need to find a better h function that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. 

The previous code used SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA optimization methods with different initial guesses. But maybe there's a way to optimize further. Let me think about what could be improved.

First, maybe the initial guesses are not sufficient. The code generates some pulse and staircase functions, but perhaps more diverse initial guesses could lead to better results. Also, the current approach uses a fixed set of guesses, which might not explore the search space enough.

Another idea: maybe using a different optimization algorithm that can handle constraints better. The previous code uses SLSQP and COBYLA, but perhaps a gradient-based method with better convergence properties? Or maybe a more efficient global optimization approach like genetic algorithms or Bayesian optimization?

Wait, the time budget is tight—only 100 seconds. So I need the code to be efficient. Differential evolution is a global optimizer but might be slow. Maybe parallelizing the optimization steps could help, but with only one CPU available, that's not feasible.

Alternatively, maybe using a more sophisticated heuristic for the initial guess. For example, the current initial guess is based on a given initial_h_values. If I can generate better initial configurations, perhaps by using some structure that's known to be good for the problem.

The problem involves minimizing the maximum overlap. So perhaps a structure where the function h(x) is periodic or has some symmetry. For instance, maybe a piecewise constant function with certain intervals set to 1 and 0 in a way that the overlap is minimized when shifted.

Another thought: the overlap integral can be thought of as the maximum of the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)) over all shifts k. To minimize this maximum, the function h should be such that when shifted, the overlap is as small as possible. This is similar to designing a function that's as "spread out" as possible, avoiding peaks that overlap when shifted.

So perhaps the optimal h function is a step function with certain intervals set to 1 and 0, arranged to avoid overlapping when shifted. For example, a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged so that the shifted versions don't overlap much.

The initial code tried generating staircase functions, which are piecewise constant. Maybe using more complex structures, like multiple overlapping steps or more optimal spacing.

Another angle: the problem is similar to the binary code design problem, where you want codes with certain correlations. In that case, using binary sequences with low autocorrelation is similar. However, here it's a continuous function with integration over shifts.

Wait, the integral is over all x in [0, 2], and over all k. But in the problem, it's maximized over k. So perhaps the worst-case shift is when the overlap between h and 1-h is maximized.

Another idea: since the integral is over x, and h(x) is between 0 and 1, maybe the maximum overlap occurs when the shift k is such that the region where h(x) is 1 and 1 - h(x +k) is 1 (i.e., where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0) is maximized.

So, the overlap for a shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum of this, h(x) should be designed to minimize this integral for all k.

One approach could be to model this as a problem of minimizing the maximum of these integrals using an optimization framework. However, since it's a non-convex problem, finding the global minimum is challenging.

The previous code tried various optimization methods, but perhaps the way the objective function is evaluated can be improved. For example, using a more accurate approximation of the integral. Wait, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation. But the integral is over x, and the cross-correlation for shift k would be the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. However, when we compute the cross-correlation, the result is the sum over all positions, so perhaps the code is correctly approximating the integral.

But maybe using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. However, the code already uses numpy's correlate, which is efficient.

Now, thinking about the previous code's structure: it starts with the initial_h_values, then tries different initial guesses. Then uses SLSQP to optimize each guess, followed by differential evolution to explore more, and then COBYLA for refinement. But maybe the sequence of optimization steps could be adjusted for better convergence.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of initial guesses, generate them more systematically. For example, using a grid of different pulse widths, step positions, and duty cycles. Or using a randomized initial guess generation that explores more of the search space.

Alternatively, consider that the problem is similar to designing a function that is "balanced" in some way. The integral of h is 1, so over [0,2], it's like a probability distribution. The overlap for a shift k is the expected value of h(x)*(1 - h(x +k)) over x. So, perhaps designing h to be as "uniformly distributed" as possible, avoiding sharp peaks that could cause high overlaps when shifted.

Another approach: because the integral over x is fixed, maybe the optimal h is a piecewise constant function with certain intervals. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 1 or 0, arranged to minimize the maximum overlap.

For example, if the function h(x) is 1 on intervals of length t and 0 elsewhere, arranged in a way that when shifted by k, the overlap is minimized. However, for a single interval, shifting would cause overlaps. But perhaps using multiple intervals.

Alternatively, thinking of the problem as a game between two players: one chooses h, and the other chooses k to maximize the overlap. The goal is to choose h such that the worst-case k gives the smallest possible overlap.

This resembles the minimax problem. So, how to design such an h?

Another idea: for the minimal maximum overlap, the function h(x) should be designed such that the overlap is the same for all shifts. However, this might not be possible, but striving for that could help.

Alternatively, perhaps using a Fourier-based approach. Since the integral over x involves shifts, which are translations in the time domain. The Fourier transform of the function h(x) would have properties that could be used to analyze the overlap. But I'm not sure how to apply this directly.

But maybe considering the Fourier transform of the function 1 - h(x), and then the cross-correlation would correspond to the product of the Fourier transforms. However, integrating over x, and the maximum over k might be related to the maximum of the product of the Fourier transforms. But I'm not certain how to use this for optimization.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum cross-correlation between h and 1 - h, perhaps using techniques from signal processing that minimize the maximum cross-correlation between two signals.

In that context, the optimal h would be such that the cross-correlations with 1 - h are as small as possible. So, perhaps using a set of pulses that are orthogonal or have low cross-correlation.

But again, how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem.

Back to the code. The current code uses a fixed initial guess, some generated functions, and then optimizes. But perhaps the initial guess is not optimal. The previous code uses initial_h_values, which is provided. If that's not the best starting point, perhaps generating better initial guesses would help.

For example, using a randomized initial guess that's more uniformly distributed. The current code's gen_random function tries to generate a random-like function. Maybe instead, using a more structured approach, like generating a periodic function with certain frequencies, or using a histogram that's spread out.

Another thought: the problem can be rephrased as a constrained optimization problem. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the integrals over k of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx, subject to the integral of h(x) dx = 1, and h(x) ∈ [0, 1].

But since this is a maximin problem, it's difficult to handle directly. However, for the purposes of optimization, we can use a numerical approach that approximates the maximum over k by evaluating it for a discrete set of k values. For example, discretizing the shifts k into a grid and computing the maximum over those k.

The code does this by evaluating the cross-correlation, which effectively computes the integrals for all possible shifts. However, the maximum over all shifts is the one we want to minimize.

But in the current code, the cross-correlation is computed for the full mode, which gives all possible shifts. The maximum of that would be the C5 value.

So, in the previous approach, the code computes the cross-correlation, then takes the maximum, which is the value of C5. So the code is correctly evaluating the C5 value.

Now, to improve upon that, perhaps using a different optimization method. For example, instead of using SLSQP and COBYLA, using a more efficient method that can handle the constraints better. Or combining multiple optimization steps.

Another idea: using an evolutionary algorithm with a more efficient mutation strategy. However, the code already uses differential evolution, which is an evolutionary method.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to find the best h function. But implementing that from scratch might be time-consuming and may not fit within the time budget.

Wait, the code uses SLSQP for optimization, but perhaps with better constraints handling. The constraints are that the sum of h is fixed, which is equivalent to a single equality constraint. The bounds are on each h[i].

Alternatively, maybe the problem is more amenable to a gradient-based method, but since the objective function is non-convex, it's possible that the gradient-based methods get stuck in local optima.

Maybe using a more robust optimization method like genetic algorithms. But again, with time constraints, it's tricky.

Another approach: instead of using the initial_h_values, generate a better initial guess by using some analytical insight. For example, if we suppose that the optimal h is a periodic function with certain symmetries. For instance, a function that is 1 on intervals of length t, and repeats every a certain period. But the interval is [0, 2], so the period would need to fit within that.

Alternatively, consider that for the minimum overlap, the h function should be such that when shifted by k, the overlap is minimized. If the function h is designed such that for any shift k, the overlap is equal to a certain value, that would be ideal. However, achieving this might not be possible.

Another idea: the problem is similar to the concept of a "universal" function in signal processing, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, perhaps using a greedy algorithm: iteratively adjust the function h to reduce the maximum overlap. But this might be challenging to implement efficiently.

Back to the code structure. Let me think about the previous code's steps:

1. Starts with initial_h_values.
2. Generates various initial guesses (pulse and staircase functions).
3. Uses SLSQP to optimize each guess, keeping the best result.
4. Uses differential evolution to explore more, then refines with COBYLA.

The current code might not be exploring enough different regions of the search space. Perhaps introducing more diverse initial guesses would help.

Another thing to consider: the number of samples (n_points). The previous code uses n=45 samples. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a more precise h function, but with more computational cost. However, since the user prefers smaller sequences, perhaps keeping n_points at 45 or similar is better.

Another idea: use a more sophisticated initial guess. For example, generating a function that is 1 on certain intervals, spaced in such a way to minimize overlap. For instance, if h is 1 on three intervals of length 2/3, separated by gaps. This might spread out the 1s, making the overlap with shifted versions smaller.

Alternatively, using a function with more complex structure, like a combination of different patterns.

Alternatively, using a combination of different frequencies. For example, a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a certain pattern.

But how to generate such functions algorithmically?

Another thought: the current code uses a random guess, which might not be the best. Maybe using a more structured approach for the initial guess could lead to better results.

For example, generating a step function that is 1 on certain intervals, calculated based on some criteria like minimizing the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, using an initial guess based on the current best known solution. But since the user is trying to find a better solution than the current record, perhaps starting from the initial_h_values provided is a good way.

But maybe the initial_h_values is not the best possible. So, perhaps generating a better initial guess is key.

Another angle: the current code uses different methods, but perhaps the order of optimization steps can be improved. For example, perhaps using differential evolution first to explore the space, then SLSQP to refine the results.

But the code already does that. Let me check the code again.

The code first uses SLSQP on initial guesses, then differential evolution to find better solutions, then COBYLA for refinement. So maybe the order is good.

Another idea: maybe the problem can be approximated by considering only a subset of possible shifts k, instead of all k. Since computing the cross-correlation for all shifts is computationally intensive, but the maximum might be achieved for certain specific shifts. However, this could miss the actual maximum, leading to suboptimal results.

Alternatively, the code could sample a set of k values and evaluate the maximum over those, but that might not be accurate. However, given the time constraints, this could be a trade-off for faster computation.

But the current code uses the full cross-correlation, which is efficient in numpy.

Now, considering the current code's performance, it's possible that the initial guesses are not leading to the optimal solution, and the code's optimization steps might not be sufficient. So, perhaps switching to a different optimization method or adjusting the hyperparameters could help.

For example, the SLSQP method has parameters like maxiter and ftol. Maybe increasing the maxiter or adjusting the tolerance could allow for better convergence. However, the previous code uses ftol=1e-10, which is quite tight, and maxiter=300.

Another thought: using a hybrid optimization approach. For example, using differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then using SLSQP to refine it. This is what the previous code does, but perhaps with different parameters.

Also, in the current code, the differential evolution uses a popsize of 100, which might be too large for the time budget. Reducing the popsize could speed up the process.

Another idea: since the problem has a single equality constraint (sum h = target_sum), perhaps using a method that incorporates this constraint more efficiently. For example, using a penalty method in the objective function, but that's typically handled by optimization algorithms like SLSQP.

Alternatively, using the Lagrange multiplier method, but again, this is handled by the optimization algorithms.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing all necessary values or vectorizing the operations. But the current code uses numpy's correlate, which is already optimized.

Another thing to consider: the initial guess might be too close to the previous solution, leading to local optima. So, generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using different pulse widths, duty cycles, or staircase configurations.

In the previous code, the guesses include:

- The initial h_values
- Pulses with frequencies from 2 to 8, duty 0.5
- Staircase functions with different parameters

Maybe generating more types of initial guesses. For example, including random functions with different variance, or functions that have multiple peaks.

Alternatively, creating a new initial guess that's a combination of different patterns.

Another idea: the current code's gen_random function uses clipping to ensure the values are within [0,1]. However, perhaps generating a more balanced random function could help. For example, generating a random function with a mean of 0.5 and variance adjusted to spread out the values.

But this is already attempted.

Alternatively, using a different method for generating initial guesses, such as using a histogram that's uniformly distributed.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a binary sequence with low correlation. For example, using a de Bruijn sequence or other combinatorial designs. However, since the function is continuous, this might not apply directly.

But perhaps using a binary sequence as a basis for the function h(x). For example, if h(x) is 1 on certain intervals corresponding to the binary sequence.

But again, how to generate such a sequence that minimizes the overlap.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal h might be a binary step function, and try to find the best such function. However, with the given n_points, it's unlikely to be perfect, but perhaps this approach can be used.

But given the time constraints and the complexity of the problem, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to generate more diverse initial guesses, use more efficient optimization steps, and refine the parameters for the optimization algorithms.

So, here's a plan for modifying the previous code:

1. Increase the diversity of initial guesses by generating more types of functions. For example, adding more staircase configurations, different pulse functions, and perhaps some more complex functions.

2. Use differential evolution with a smaller population size and more iterations, but also try different mutation and recombination strategies to explore the search space more efficiently.

3. Adjust the optimization parameters for SLSQP and COBYLA to allow for better convergence. For example, increasing the maxiter or adjusting the tolerance.

4. Include additional refinement steps, such as using more iterations of COBYLA or other local optimizers.

5. Try starting with different initial guesses, such as using the current best solution or other known constructions.

But since the user wants the code to be concise and within the time constraints, I need to make sure that the modifications are efficient and don't add unnecessary complexity.

Another thought: using the initial_h_values as the starting point, but generating a few variations of it. For example, adding small perturbations to the initial guess to explore nearby regions.

Also, the current code uses a fixed set of guesses, which might not be sufficient. Generating more initial guesses could help in finding better solutions.

In the previous code, the guesses include pulses, staircases, and random functions. To diversify further, perhaps adding more types of functions, like triangle waves, or multiple overlapping pulses.

Alternatively, using functions that are combinations of different patterns.

But given the time, it's better to focus on the code's structure.

Another idea: the code uses SLSQP with some initial guesses, then differential evolution. But perhaps switching the order: first using differential evolution to explore the search space, then using SLSQP to refine the best solution found.

Also, in the previous code, the differential evolution runs for 30 iterations with a population size of 100. To speed up, perhaps reducing the population size but increasing the number of iterations. Or using a different mutation strategy.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient objective function evaluation. For example, precomputing the required values for the cross-correlation.

But the current code already uses np.correlate, which is efficient.

Given all these thoughts, here's a plan for the revised code:

- Start with the initial_h_values.
- Generate additional initial guesses, such as different types of binary patterns, pulsed functions, staircases, and random functions.
- Use differential evolution with a smaller population size and more iterations to explore the search space effectively.
- Apply SLSQP refinement on the best solutions found, using tighter constraints and more iterations.
- Additionally, implement a more efficient refinement step with COBYLA or another local optimizer.
- Monitor the time and stop early if the budget is nearing.

But to fit within the code's structure and token limits, I need to code this in a concise manner.

Another thing to consider: the current code's random generation uses clipped random values with mean 0.5 and some scaling. Maybe adjusting the parameters here could lead to better initial guesses.

In the previous code, the gen_random function is defined as:

def gen_random(frac=0.5):
    r = np.random.rand(n_points)
    return np.clip((r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * frac + 0.5, 0, 1)

This creates a random function with a certain fraction of the range. Maybe varying the 'frac' parameter could generate different types of random functions.

Incorporating this into the guesses could help.

Now, to code this into the run function, I need to modify the initial guesses to include more diverse patterns.

So, in the guesses list, I can add more functions, like different pulse frequencies, different staircase configurations, and more random functions with varying parameters.

Additionally, adjusting the differential evolution parameters to use a smaller population size and more iterations, but within the time budget.

Also, in the previous code, the differential evolution is run three times with different initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters could lead to better results.

Another possibility is to use a Bayesian optimization approach, but that might be too complex to implement within the time constraints.

In conclusion, the key improvements would be:

- More diverse initial guesses to explore different regions of the solution space.
- Tuning the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.
- Efficient use of available time by adjusting the number of iterations and population sizes.
- Refinement steps using more accurate local optimization methods.

Now, translating these thoughts into code changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_staircase(frac, width):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        h = np.zeros_like(x)
        for i in range(n_points):
            if (x[i] < 0.5 * frac * width or
                x[i] > 0.5 * (1 + 2 * (frac - 1)) * width):
                h[i] = 1.0
        return h

    def gen_random(frac=0.5):
        r = np.random.rand(n_points)
        return np.clip((r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * frac + 0.5, 0, 1)

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_staircase(1.0, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_staircase(2.0, 0.4))
    for _ in range(3):
        guesses.append(gen_random(0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_random(0.7))
        guesses.append(gen_staircase(1.5, 0.35))

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=80, maxiter=20,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-8)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 5:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```