<think>
Okay, let's see. The task is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to minimize the overlap integral by finding the optimal step function h(x) over [0,2] that satisfies the integral constraint. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA optimization methods, starting from an initial guess. The current best record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876.

Hmm. The previous approach generated several initial guesses with different waveforms (pulse, sawtooth, triangle) and random perturbations, then optimized them. To improve upon that, maybe we can explore different strategies.

First, maybe the initial guess is not the best. The initial_h_values provided might be a local minimum. Perhaps starting with a different initial guess could lead to a better solution. But since the user says to use the initial_h_values if available, we have to use it. So maybe we can enhance the search by combining multiple initial guesses more effectively.

Another idea: the problem is a constrained optimization. The constraints are the integral of h(x) over [0,2] equal to 1. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap integral over shifts. The overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. So for each k, we're trying to minimize the maximum of these values across all k.

But the current code uses a step function, which is a piecewise constant function with certain values. The problem is to optimize these step values. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, which might get stuck in local minima. So perhaps using a global optimization approach first, then refining with local methods could be better.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution for some steps. Differential evolution is a global optimizer, which can explore the search space more thoroughly. But maybe we can adjust the parameters of the differential evolution to make it more efficient.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a different approach. For example, since the overlap integral for different shifts k can be considered, perhaps there's a way to model this as a sparse optimization problem where we try to spread the function h(x) such that it doesn't overlap too much with its shifted versions.

Another thought: the problem resembles the "coin problem" or covering problems. The optimal h(x) should be designed such that when you shift it, the regions where h(x) is high and (1 - h(x +k)) is high are minimized. So maybe the function should have a structure that avoids high values over overlapping intervals.

But how to model that? Maybe using a periodic or quasi-periodic structure. For example, if h(x) is constructed with certain repeating patterns that minimize overlap. But how to translate that into a numerical optimization problem?

Another idea: since the exact function is a step function with n_points samples, maybe we can use a more structured approach. For example, grouping the samples into regions where h(x) is 0 or 1, or some other pattern. However, the previous code uses a step function with values between 0 and 1, which is a bit more flexible.

Looking back at the previous code: the initial guesses included pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves. The optimization then tried to improve these. But maybe there are better initial guesses. For example, using a combination of different waveforms or more complex patterns.

Wait, perhaps the initial_h_values is not the best, but we have to start from it. So maybe the previous approach is already using that. But perhaps there's a way to generate better initial guesses by considering the problem structure.

Alternatively, since the overlap integral is maximized over k, maybe the problem can be transformed into a problem where we want to minimize the maximum value of the correlation. Therefore, perhaps using a different optimization approach that directly targets this maximum.

But the previous code uses the max over the correlate result. The correlate function with mode 'full' gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum of these is what we need to minimize.

So the key is to find a function h that when cross-correlated with 1 - h, the maximum of these values is minimized.

But since the problem is constrained, maybe using surrogate models or other techniques to approximate the objective function could be useful. However, given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to stick with existing methods but optimize their parameters.

Another angle: the previous code tried several initial guesses and then used differential evolution. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or varying the parameters of the differential evolution could help. However, the budget is tight. The previous code uses differential evolution with a population size of 90 and 60 iterations. Maybe adjusting these parameters could be more effective.

Also, the refinement steps after differential evolution use COBYLA. Maybe using another local optimizer like L-BFGS-B could be better.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP for some steps, which handles bounds and constraints, but maybe COBYLA is more suitable for the constraints here. Alternatively, using a different method.

But the main challenge is to find a better initial guess. Perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, adding more frequencies or different waveforms to the initial guesses.

But the previous code already added several pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more complex patterns, such as combinations of different waveforms or more irregular patterns.

Another idea: since the problem is over [0,2], perhaps using a function that has specific periodicity. For instance, if the function h(x) has a period of 1, then shifting by 0.5 could be critical. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral for different shifts k is involved, perhaps the function should be designed such that it's sparse over the interval. For example, placing the high values of h(x) in non-overlapping regions when shifted. But with the integral constraint, this might not be possible unless the function is very spread out.

Alternatively, the function could be designed to be a combination of multiple intervals where it's 1 and 0, but with some minimal overlap. However, this is similar to the initial approach.

Another thought: the problem might benefit from a more structured optimization approach. For example, using a genetic algorithm to evolve the function h over time. However, genetic algorithms can be slow, especially given the time budget. The previous code uses differential evolution, which is more efficient than genetic algorithms, but maybe with different parameters.

Alternatively, perhaps using a combination of global and local optimization. For instance, first using differential evolution to find a good candidate, then refining with SLSQP or COBYLA.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses a fixed n_points. The previous initial_h_values is for n=45. But maybe using a larger n_points could give a better approximation, but the user prefers smaller sequences (less than 1k samples). However, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe using a smaller n_points than the initial guess could be better. But the user's previous code used n_points=45, which is 45 samples. But is that the best choice?

Alternatively, perhaps experimenting with different n_points. However, changing n_points would require adjusting the code accordingly. Since the user says that the previous code uses initial_h_values (n=45), maybe we can stick with that.

Another point: the code uses the 'correlate' function with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation for all shifts. However, for the overlap integral, when the function is shifted by k, the overlap is integrated over the interval where both h(x) and h(x + k) are defined. So for k in [0, 2], the overlap integral is computed over x where x +k is between 0 and 2, i.e., x ∈ [-k, 2 -k], but since x is in [0,2], the actual integral is over x where x and x +k are both in [0,2]. Therefore, the cross-correlation is computed for all shifts k, and then the maximum is taken.

But the code is using the full cross-correlation, which for all k, which is correct.

So the main issue is to find a good h that minimizes this maximum. The previous code attempts to find this by starting from various initial guesses and optimizing them.

To improve upon that, perhaps we can try a more diverse set of initial guesses. For example, instead of using fixed waveforms, generate a variety of patterns based on different frequencies and duty cycles. Also, perhaps use more sophisticated initial guesses, such as those that have been found in literature or prior work.

But since we don't have access to prior work, maybe we can think of other ways. For example, using a random initial guess with some structure, or a combination of different functions.

Another idea: the previous code uses 2 iterations of differential evolution with a population size of 90. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could lead to better results, but within the time budget. However, the time budget is tight (100 seconds), so increasing the population size may not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'nelder-mead' simplex method. However, simplex methods can be slow and may not handle constraints well.

Hmm. Another approach is to use a reduced model: for example, instead of optimizing over all n_points, maybe find a way to structure the function h to minimize the overlap. For example, using a function that has certain properties, such as placing the high values in a way that when shifted, they overlap as little as possible with the regions where h(x) is high.

But how to translate that into a numerical approach? Maybe using an optimization framework that can exploit these properties, but I'm not sure.

Another thought: the problem's objective function is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). This can be viewed as a Chebyshev-like problem, where the maximum deviation is minimized. Perhaps using a method similar to Chebyshev approximation, where the function is designed to have equal maximum deviations.

But I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Alternatively, consider that the maximum overlap integral is minimized when the function h(x) is as flat as possible. Wait, but the integral constraint requires the total area to be 1. So the function can't be too flat. Maybe a more uniform distribution of h(x) values would help.

Wait, the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1. So the average value is 0.5. Therefore, the function h(x) is such that its average is 0.5. If it's a flat function (constant 0.5), then for any shift k, the overlap integral would be the integral of 0.5*(1 -0.5) dx = 0.5*0.5*2 = 0.5. So C_5 would be 0.5. But the current record is much lower, so the optimal function must be more structured, with regions where it's higher and lower.

So the idea is to have regions where h(x) is higher and lower, but arranged so that when shifted, the overlaps between high and low regions are minimized.

This seems similar to designing a signal that has minimal cross-correlation with its time-shifted versions. In signal processing, this is related to designing codes with low auto-correlation, such as in spread-spectrum communications. Perhaps techniques from that field could be applied here.

In that context, the optimal function would have the property that its cross-correlation with itself (but in this case, the cross-correlation with 1 - h(x)) is minimized. So maybe using a function with low auto-correlation.

But how to construct such a function? One approach is to use a periodic function with a certain period. For example, a function that repeats every 1 unit, with a duty cycle that is carefully selected. However, the specific value of the period and duty cycle would need to be optimized.

Alternatively, using a function that is sparse in time, such that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much with itself. For example, if h(x) is non-zero only in certain intervals, then shifting it by a certain amount would place the non-zero regions in different parts of the interval.

But given that the integral is 1, the non-zero regions can't be too large. For example, if h(x) is 1 over a length L and 0 elsewhere, then L*1 = 1 => L=1. But then shifting it by k would cause overlaps with other intervals. However, since the interval is [0,2], shifting by k would mean that the overlap between the original and shifted regions depends on the shift. For example, if the original function is 1 on [0,1], then shifting by k=0.5 would result in an overlap of 0.5 over [0.5,1], leading to an overlap integral of 0.5*1*1 = 0.5. But again, this is worse than the current best.

So, using a step function with more intervals might be better. For instance, splitting the interval into multiple regions where h(x) is 1 or 0, but arranged to minimize overlap. However, with the integral constraint, the total area must be 1. So if we have multiple regions where h(x) is 1, each of width w, then the number of such regions multiplied by w equals 1.

Perhaps using multiple intervals and spacing them apart to minimize overlaps. But the exact structure is not clear.

Alternatively, using a function that has high values in non-overlapping regions when shifted. For example, designing h(x) such that when it's shifted by certain amounts, the overlapping regions are minimized. This sounds like problem similar to pattern matching or avoiding certain overlaps, which might be modeled using a genetic algorithm or other heuristic methods.

But again, with the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the previous code by exploring more diverse initial guesses and optimizing the parameters of the optimization algorithms.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code starts with initial guesses, then applies SLSQP, then differential evolution, then COBYLA refinement. The code could be improved by:

1. Generating more diverse initial guesses.
2. Tuning the parameters of the optimization methods to find better candidates.
3. Using different optimization strategies in different stages.

For example, instead of using fixed frequency waveforms for initial guesses, maybe generating random patterns with different characteristics. Or perhaps using a combination of different waveforms and more complex patterns.

Another idea: the current initial guesses include pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions. Maybe adding more complex waveform generators, such as square waves with various frequencies or modified versions.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initial guess generation, such as starting with a uniform distribution and then perturbing it to avoid local minima.

Another point: the code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could lead to better results, but this increases the computation time. However, the code already has a loop over several guesses, so perhaps adding more is feasible.

But given the time constraint, perhaps it's better to focus on optimizing the existing steps. For example, reducing the number of differential evolution iterations but using a higher population size, or using a better local optimizer.

Another possible improvement: instead of using the 'correlate' function with the full mode, maybe the overlap integral can be approximated or computed differently to speed up the evaluation. However, I'm not sure how that would help with the optimization.

Alternatively, perhaps precomputing the correlation for all possible shifts and ensuring that the maximum is minimized. But that's what the code already does.

Another idea: due to the periodic nature of the problem, perhaps using a function that is symmetric or has other symmetries might lead to better results. For example, a function that is symmetric around 1.0 in the interval [0,2]. However, I'm not sure how to implement this.

Another approach: considering that the overlap integral is the same for shifts k and 2 -k (since the interval is [0,2]), perhaps the function can be designed to have certain symmetry properties, which might reduce the number of shifts to consider. However, this is more of a theoretical consideration and might not directly translate into a numerical method.

In any case, given the time constraints and the need to improve upon the previous code, I think the best path forward is to enhance the initial guess generation, optimize the parameters of the optimization methods, and possibly use a combination of global and local optimization techniques.

So, how to modify the previous code?

The previous code generates several initial guesses based on different frequencies and duty cycles. Perhaps generating more initial guesses by varying the frequencies and the duty cycles. For example, adding more pulses, triangles, and sawtooth functions with different parameters.

Also, the differential evolution step uses a mutation range of (0.5, 1.0) and recombination of 0.8. Maybe adjusting these parameters could lead to better exploration of the search space.

In addition, after differential evolution, the code uses COBYLA for refinement. Perhaps using a different local optimizer, such as L-BFGS-B, might yield better results. However, L-BFGS-B may struggle with the constraints, so it's unclear.

Alternatively, using a different local optimizer like SLSQP for refinement might be better.

Another idea: the previous code uses the SLSQP optimizer with 'maxiter' of 250 and 'ftol' of 1e-10. Maybe adjusting these parameters to allow more iterations or a higher tolerance for the local optimization.

Additionally, the code uses 'gen_random' to generate random initial guesses. However, this might not be very effective. Perhaps using a more structured random generation, such as a sine wave with random parameters, or a Gaussian-like function.

But given the time constraints, the best way to proceed is to implement some of these changes. For example, generating more diverse initial guesses, adjusting the differential evolution parameters, and modifying the refinement steps.

Let me outline a possible code modification:

- Increase the number of initial guesses by adding more varieties of waveforms (like different frequencies and duty cycles).
- Adjust the differential evolution parameters (e.g., population size, maxiter, mutation, recombination) to find better candidates.
- Use a different optimizer for refinement steps, such as SLSQP with adjusted options.
- Possibly add more refinement steps or different optimization phases.

But how to implement this in code?

In the previous code, the initial guesses are generated with a loop over certain frequencies and waveform types. We can expand this by adding more frequencies and waveform parameters. For example, adding different duty cycles or more frequencies.

Also, the code uses 'gen_random' twice. Maybe generating a few more random guesses with different patterns.

Another thing to note: the initial_h_values is given as a starting point. But the code starts by using it as the first guess. However, the previous code may be getting stuck in a local minimum. Perhaps varying the initial guess more thoroughly could help.

So, in the code, the initial guesses are generated with various waveforms and random functions. To improve, we can generate more of these.

Another idea is to use the initial_h_values as one of the initial guesses and then generate more guesses based on varying the initial_h_values. For example, tuning the initial_h_values with different parameters to create new guesses.

But perhaps the key improvement is to adjust the parameters of the optimization steps. For example, using a more aggressive differential evolution with higher population size and more iterations, but within the time budget.

In summary, the plan is:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses by adding more frequencies and waveform types.
2. Adjust the parameters of differential evolution to explore the search space better.
3. Optimize the local refinement steps to further minimize the objective function.
4. Use more efficient optimization methods where possible.

Now, implementing this in code. Let's think about the code structure.

The previous code has:

- An initial guess from initial_h_values.
- Several generated guesses (pulse, sawtooth, triangle) with different frequencies and duty cycles.
- Then two random guesses.

To expand this, perhaps adding more frequencies (like up to 10 instead of 7), and various duty cycles.

Also, the gen_pulse function takes a frequency and duty. Maybe different duty cycles (e.g., 0.3, 0.5, 0.7) could yield better results.

Similarly for the other waveforms.

Another thing: the gen_random function is called twice. Maybe increasing that to 3 or 4 could help, but again time is a constraint.

In terms of code, perhaps expanding the guesses loop to generate more initial guesses with different parameters.

Regarding the parameters of differential evolution: the previous code uses popsize=90, maxiter=60, mutation=(0.5, 1.0), recombination=0.8. Maybe increasing the popsize or reducing the maxiter could be better. However, with a time budget of 100 seconds, we need to estimate how long these steps take.

Another idea is to use a more efficient optimizer for the initial steps, like the differential evolution with better parameters, then proceed to refinement.

Also, the refinement steps use COBYLA, which might not be the best. Switching to SLSQP or another method could help.

Now, translating this into code changes.

For the code:

- Expand the guesses list by adding more waveforms and frequencies.
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution (increase popsize, decrease maxiter?).
- Use SLSQP for refinement steps.

Additionally, the code could use a different initial guess generation, such as using a combination of different waveforms with varying parameters.

Another thing: the current code uses the full cross-correlation, but for the optimal function, maybe certain shifts are more critical. For example, shifts of 1.0 or other values. However, the code already considers all shifts.

Overall, the key steps are to:

- Make the initial guesses more diverse.
- Adjust the optimization parameters to find better candidates.
- Refine more effectively.

Now, let's try to adjust the code accordingly.

First, expand the guesses loop to generate more initial guesses. For example, adding more frequencies and more duty cycles.

Modify the loop that generates guesses:

Original code:
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.25))

We can expand this to include more frequencies and different duty cycles.

For example:

for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
    guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.3))
    guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.7))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.2))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.7))
    guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.2))
    guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.8))

This would generate more initial guesses with different parameters. However, this increases the number of initial guesses and may take more time. But since the time budget is 100 seconds, it's worth trying.

Another change: in the differential evolution step, increase the population size to 120 and reduce maxiter to 50? But it's unclear. The previous code uses popsize=90, maxiter=60. Maybe increasing popsize to 100 and maxiter to 70.

Also, in the refinement steps, instead of using COBYLA, perhaps using SLSQP with more iterations.

Additionally, in the refinement steps, after refining with COBYLA, we can do another round of differential evolution with a smaller population size.

But again, given time constraints, it's better to adjust the parameters and expand the initial guesses.

Another thing to consider: the code uses the same initial_h_values as the first guess. Maybe using a perturbed version of the initial_h_values as another guess to explore nearby regions.

Alternatively, generating more guesses based on the initial_h_values.

In the end, the code needs to be concise, so perhaps the best way is to add more initial guesses and adjust the parameters of the optimization steps.

Putting it all together, here's how the code might look:

Modify the guesses generation to include more frequencies and duty cycles.

Adjust the differential evolution parameters to be more aggressive.

Use SLSQP for refinement steps.

So, the final code would have:

- A larger number of initial guesses with various frequencies and duty cycles.
- Differential evolution with adjusted parameters.
- Refinement steps using SLSQP.

Another possible optimization is to use a different objective function evaluation. For example, precomputing the correlation values for all shifts, but the code already does that.

Given all these considerations, here's the modified code that should improve upon the previous one by exploring more diverse initial guesses and optimizing the parameters.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_tri(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty * 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_random():
        r = np.random.rand(n_points)
        return np.clip((r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * 0.5 + 0.5, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.7))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.2))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.7))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.2))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.8))
    for _ in range(3):
        guesses.append(gen_random())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=70,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 1.0), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-8)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```