<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code uses an initial construction with 45 samples and tries various optimization methods like SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. The current best is around 0.381142, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876.

First, I should understand what the problem is asking. The goal is to find a step function h over [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The constraints are that h(x) is between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. The discretization uses samples with dx = 2/n_points.

The previous approach uses several initial guesses, like pulse, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random, then applies optimization methods. But maybe this isn't sufficient. To improve, perhaps I need to explore different initial constructions or optimization strategies.

One idea is to consider different shapes for h. For example, using a piecewise constant function with more segments or different periodic patterns. But the problem states that the previous code uses n_points=45. Maybe increasing the number of samples could allow for a better approximation, but the user prefers smaller sequences. So perhaps I should stick with around 45-100 points.

Wait, the previous code uses 45 samples. But maybe using a different initial construction could help. The initial_h_values are provided, but maybe starting with another pattern, like a more periodic or symmetric function, could lead to a better minimum.

Another thought: the current approach uses SLSQP for local optimization. Maybe using a different method, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, could escape local minima. However, the time budget is tight (100 seconds), so the code needs to be efficient.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method. Maybe using a combination of different optimization strategies could help. Also, the code sometimes refines the solution with COBYLA, which is a local optimizer.

Another idea is to consider the structure of the problem. The overlap integral depends on the correlation between h and 1 - h shifted by k. To minimize the maximum overlap, h should be designed such that shifting it doesn't significantly overlap with its complement. This might suggest that h should be structured to avoid having large areas where h is high and then h is low, which could create overlaps when shifted.

Perhaps using a more uniform distribution of the 1's in h. For example, instead of a single block, splitting the interval into multiple segments. But since it's a step function, maybe using a periodic pattern with specific spacing.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a certain pattern. If I could figure out the structure of that initial H, maybe I can modify it. But since I can't access it directly, I need to create a different starting point.

Alternatively, maybe a better initial guess is to use a function that is more evenly distributed. For example, a function that alternates between high and low values in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Another approach is to think about the problem as an optimization over h, where the objective is to minimize the maximum of the correlation. This is a non-convex problem, so it's challenging. Maybe using a different objective function or constraints could help. But I need to stick to the given constraints.

I should consider adjusting the optimization process. For example, instead of using multiple optimization methods, perhaps focus on a few with better parameters. Also, the current code uses a relatively high number of iterations, but maybe tuning the parameters (like mutation rate in differential evolution) could improve efficiency.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution with popsize=90 and maxiter=60. Maybe increasing the population size or adjusting the mutation/recombination parameters might help, but I have to balance the time budget. Also, the code may be spending too much time in certain parts.

Another idea is to use a hybrid approach. For example, start with a few different initial guesses (like the initial_h_values, a random pattern, a pulse, etc.), then apply differential evolution with a smaller population size and fewer iterations, then refine with COBYLA. This could be more efficient.

Also, the current code uses several guesses, but maybe some of them are redundant. For instance, generating multiple pulse, saw, and triangle functions with different frequencies. Maybe that's overcomplicating.

Alternatively, perhaps generating initial guesses using a more structured approach. For example, using a grid of parameters for amplitude and duty cycle for different waveforms, but that's also time-consuming.

Another point: the code checks the best solution after each optimization step. But if the initial guess is poor, maybe the optimization gets stuck. So, maybe using more diverse initial guesses could lead to better results.

Wait, the user said that the initial_h_values are provided when available. So if I can use that, perhaps I should start with that and then apply some transformation. But the previous code already starts with initial_h_values. Maybe trying to improve it by adding more variation in the initial guesses?

Alternatively, considering that the lower bound is 0.38085, perhaps there's a specific pattern or structure that achieves this. For example, using a function with a certain symmetry or periodicity that minimizes the maximum overlap.

Let me think about the structure of the optimal h. If h is such that it has multiple segments, maybe arranged periodically. For instance, a pattern that repeats every certain interval, which when shifted, the areas where h is high and low are not overlapping much.

For example, a function that is high for 1/5 of the interval, then low, then high again, etc., but arranged in a way that overlaps with the shifted version are minimized. Maybe a 5-periodic function? However, the integral over [0,2] is 1, so the average value would be 0.5. So each period's integral would need to be 0.5 / (number of periods).

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of multiple rectangular pulses with different spacing and widths. The idea is to arrange them such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

But how to model this? Maybe using a more complex initial guess with several pulses. However, generating such a guess algorithmically is challenging.

Alternatively, perhaps using a random initialization but with some constraints. For example, generating a random permutation of sample points that sum to the required total, then optimizing from there.

Another idea is to use the fact that the overlap integral can be thought of as the area under the curve of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) for each k. To minimize the maximum over k, the function h should be such that it is "spread out" enough that shifting it doesn't cause significant overlap with its complement.

So perhaps a function that has a uniform distribution of 1's and 0's, but arranged in a way that no two 1's are too close together. But since it's a step function, maybe arranging the 1's in regular intervals.

Alternatively, using a function that is high in regions where the shifted version is low, leading to lower product. But how to achieve that.

Given the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to improve the previous code by:

1. Using a better initial guess. For example, starting with the initial_h_values but also trying other patterns like random, pulse, etc.

2. Adjusting the optimization steps. For example, using a combination of differential evolution for global search, then local refinement with COBYLA.

3. Tuning the parameters of the optimization methods to make them more efficient, such as reducing the number of iterations but with better parameters.

4. Adding more diversity in the initial guesses to avoid local minima.

Another consideration: the current code uses np.correlate with mode='full' which gives the correlation for all possible shifts. But the integral is over all k, which corresponds to all shifts. However, the integral is computed as the maximum over k of the correlation multiplied by dx. So the code is correct.

But maybe using a different way to compute the maximum over k could be more efficient? Not sure.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the solution is a function that is as close as possible to a constant function, but with the integral of 1. However, that's not possible since a constant function would have h(x) = 0.5 everywhere, and then h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) would be 0.5 * 0.5 = 0.25 for all k, so the maximum would be 0.25. But this is impossible because the integral of h(x) is 1, which for a constant function would be 1 over [0,2], so h(x) = 0.5, which gives integral of 1. However, the overlap integral would be 0.25*2 = 0.5? Wait, no. Wait, the integral is over x, and for each x, the product h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) is evaluated. But for k varying, the integration over x would depend on how x +k falls into the domain.

Wait, the original problem defines the overlap integral as the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. The integral is over x, and for each x, the x +k may be outside the [0,2] interval. Wait, no, because the original problem says that the integral is over x in [0,2], but h(x) is defined on [0,2], and h(x +k) would be undefined if x +k is outside [0,2]. However, in the code, the np.correlate function computes the full correlation, which shifts the array. So the code is treating the function as periodic? Or is it zero-padded?

Actually, in the code, the correlation is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'). The mode 'full' returns the cross-correlation over all possible shifts, and for shifts where the indices go out of the original array, the values are filled with zero. So the code is effectively computing the integral for all possible k such that x +k is in the domain. However, the integral over x for each k is the sum over all x where x +k is within [0,2] of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) * dx. But the code uses the full correlation, which is the same as what the integral would be for each possible shift k. However, since the function is defined on [0,2], the maximum k for which x +k is still in [0,2] would be k ≤ 2. So the code is effectively computing the maximum over all k in [-2, 2] of the integral for that shift. But since the problem defines k as an integer shift? Or is it over real numbers?

The problem statement says "for all k", which is a bit ambiguous. However, in the code, the correlation is computed in the discrete domain, which might be the same as considering shifts in the discrete grid of samples.

But for the purposes of the code, the current approach is to compute the discrete correlation and take the maximum. So the code is correctly modeling the problem as per the discrete samples.

Given all that, the previous code's approach is correct. To improve it, perhaps the key is to find a better initial guess and optimize more effectively.

So, perhaps starting with different initial functions, like a sine wave or a triangular wave, could yield better results. But the user has a small time budget, so the code must be efficient.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP and differential evolution, maybe using a more efficient method like genetic algorithms, which can explore the search space more effectively. However, the scipy's differential evolution is already a global optimizer, so perhaps that's sufficient.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods with different parameters. For example, using differential evolution with a smaller population but more iterations, followed by refinement with another method.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations for each optimization step. Maybe adjusting the parameters, like increasing the mutation rate in differential evolution, or the number of iterations, but without exceeding the time limit.

Wait, the previous code runs differential evolution for 60 iterations with popsize 90. That might be computationally expensive. Maybe reducing the popsize and/or the number of iterations would help, but at the cost of exploring the search space less thoroughly.

Alternatively, using a smaller population and more iterations. But again, time is limited.

Another idea: instead of generating various initial guesses, focus on the initial guess (initial_h_values) and use a more aggressive optimization. For example, apply differential evolution with a higher number of iterations but fewer generations, then refine.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the starting point and applying a series of local optimizations.

But since the user wants to avoid getting stuck in local optima, generating multiple diverse initial guesses is better. So perhaps the code should generate more diverse initial guesses, or use more sophisticated initialization.

Another approach is to use a combination of different waveforms for initial guesses. For example, a mixture of pulse, triangle, and random functions, but with different parameters.

Wait, in the previous code, they generate guesses like pulse with frequency 2, 3, ..., 8, saw with 0.3 duty, etc. That's a lot of functions, which could be time-consuming. Maybe reducing the number of initial guesses could speed things up.

Alternatively, generating a few initial guesses and then using them to seed the optimization.

Another idea is to use the initial_h_values as the first guess, then generate other guesses based on that, like modifying it with random noise, or applying transformations.

But how to do that in code. For example, take the initial_h_values and add a small perturbation, then use that as another guess.

Alternatively, generate a few different patterns, such as a periodic function with certain parameters, and use them as initial guesses.

But given the time constraints, it's important to make the code as efficient as possible.

Another thought: the current code has a nested loop where it generates multiple guesses and tries to optimize them. But if the initial guesses are poor, this could be inefficient. Perhaps focusing on a few high-quality initial guesses would be better.

In the previous code, the guesses include the initial_h_values, and a few generated with different frequencies. Then, they apply SLSQP with these guesses, then differential evolution with random guesses, and then some refinements.

Maybe this approach can be optimized by using more refined initial guesses or by using a different optimization strategy.

So, modifying the code to generate a different set of initial guesses, possibly more focused on specific structures.

Another possibility is to use more advanced optimization techniques, such as Bayesian optimization, but this requires more complex setups and may not fit within the time constraint.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is to minimize the maximum value of the correlation, which is non-convex, but perhaps some relaxation or approximation could help. However, this is not straightforward.

In conclusion, the key points for improvement could be:

1. Using more effective initial guesses.
2. Optimizing the parameters of the optimization methods to balance exploration and exploitation.
3. Reducing redundant steps in the optimization process.
4. Improving the refinement steps after initial optimization.

Let me try to outline a revised approach.

First, the code starts with the initial_h_values. Then, generate a few more initial guesses, such as a pulse wave and a random pattern. Then, use differential evolution with these as starting points, followed by local refinements.

Additionally, perhaps the differential evolution can be run for more iterations with a smaller population to make it faster, but this needs to be balanced.

Also, the code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe using other methods like L-BFGS-B with bounds could be more efficient.

Another idea: Instead of using multiple methods, focus on differential evolution for a longer time, then use COBYLA for refinement.

But I need to code this into the run function.

Now, considering the previous code's structure, perhaps modifying the number of initial guesses and the way they are generated.

In the previous code, they generate guesses with different frequencies, but perhaps generating a few more varied patterns.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess, like a random function that's more globally optimal.

Another thing to note: the previous code's initial_h_values may have a certain structure that can be improved by applying transformations, like smoothing or adding randomness.

But without knowing the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. So perhaps the approach is to generate a diverse set of initial guesses, including the initial_h_values, and then optimize them.

In the code, the initial_h_values are used as the first guess, then other generated guesses. However, perhaps adding more initial guesses based on different patterns.

Alternatively, generate a few different waveforms (like pulse, triangle, sawtooth) with varying parameters.

But given the time, the code should be as efficient as possible.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code uses a function gen_pulse, gen_saw, gen_tri to generate different waveforms. Maybe generating these with different parameters could help.

But perhaps the previous code is already generating enough guesses. The issue may be in the optimization parameters.

Alternatively, adjusting the parameters for the optimization. For example, in the differential evolution, changing the mutation and recombination probabilities to explore the search space better.

In the previous code, differential evolution is called with popsize=90, maxiter=60, mutation=(0.5, 1.0), recombination=0.8.

Maybe adjusting the popsize to 50 or 60, and maxiter to 50 to save time. Or using a smaller popsize with more iterations.

Also, the code uses the initial_h_values and then generates other guesses. Perhaps it's better to use the initial_h_values as the first guess and then run differential evolution once, then refine with COBYLA, instead of multiple steps.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values as the starting point for differential evolution, and then run it for more iterations, then refine with COBYLA.

In terms of code changes, perhaps reducing the number of initial guesses and focusing on a few more thorough optimizations.

So, modifying the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.
2. Run differential evolution with more iterations but fewer population size to save time.
3. Refine the result with COBYLA multiple times.
4. Possibly add a few other initial guesses, like a random function.

But how to implement this in code.

Another point: the current code uses multiple function calls to optimize, which might be redundant. Perhaps focusing on a few key optimization steps.

In terms of code structure, I'll need to refactor the previous code to implement these changes.

So, here's a plan for the new code:

- Start with the initial_h_values.
- Run differential evolution with the initial guess, using parameters that balance exploration and time.
- After finding a good solution, use COBYLA to refine it.
- Maybe add a few other initial guesses (like random or pulse) to improve the search space.
- Use the best solution found so far.

Additionally, maybe use a different optimization method for certain steps.

Another thing to note: the previous code uses a for loop to generate multiple guesses and optimize each. This may be time-consuming. Instead, perhaps focusing on a few optimized guesses and running more thorough optimizations on them.

So, the revised code would:

1. Generate a few initial guesses (initial_h_values, a random pattern, and maybe a few waveforms).
2. For each guess, run differential evolution and then COBYLA to refine.
3. Track the best solution found.
4. Use the best solution as the final result.

But how to implement this.

Another idea: since the user is allowed to use different starting points, perhaps generating a better initial guess than the initial_h_values could be beneficial. For example, using a function that has a more uniform distribution of 1's and 0's.

But generating such a function algorithmically is challenging. For example, placing the 1's at certain positions that avoid overlap when shifted.

Alternatively, using a function that is high for a certain fraction of the domain, then low, then high again, etc., arranged periodically. For instance, a 5-periodic function with 1/5 of the domain at high, but this would require the number of samples to be a multiple of 5. However, the initial code uses 45 samples, which is a multiple of 5, so maybe this is possible.

But again, without knowing the exact structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, perhaps generating such a pattern could help.

In code, for example, generate a function that has high values for certain intervals. For example, divide the [0,2] interval into 5 equal parts, and have 1's in one part, then 0's, etc. But the integral must be 1, which for 45 samples would be 45/2 = 22.5. So if we have 1's in a certain number of samples, say m, we need m / 45 * 2 = 1 → m = 22.5, which is not possible. So maybe alternating 22 and 23 samples of 1 and 0.

But this is getting too detailed. Perhaps the initial approach should be adjusted by using more efficient optimization parameters and perhaps a different initial guess.

In conclusion, the new code should:

- Start with the initial_h_values.
- Use differential evolution with a moderate number of iterations and population size.
- Refine the result with COBYLA.
- Maybe use a few other initial guesses to diversify the search.

Perhaps the key difference is in the optimization parameters and the number of iterations, and focusing on a fewer number of initial guesses to save time.

Another possible optimization is to use a more efficient method for the initial steps, like using a hybrid approach with differential evolution and local search.

Now, translating this into code:

The new run function will start with the initial_h_values, then perform differential evolution with a certain number of iterations, then refine with COBYLA.

Also, generate a few other initial guesses and try to optimize them.

But due to time constraints, the code must be efficient. So, limiting the number of guesses and iterations.

The code will need to:

- Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.
- Run differential evolution once with that guess.
- Refine the result with COBYLA.
- Maybe generate another guess (like a random one) and optimize it, then compare.

Thus, the revised code may look like this:

- Generate a few initial guesses.
- For each, run differential evolution with parameters that balance exploration.
- Use the best result and refine with COBYLA.

Implementing this in code, the revised run function would:

1. Define the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Generate a few other initial guesses (e.g., a random function).
3. For each guess, run differential evolution, then COBYLA.
4. Choose the best result.

This approach reduces the number of optimization steps, focusing on a few key guesses.

Additionally, adjusting the parameters for differential evolution (like mutation and recombination) to explore the search space more effectively.

In code, this could mean:

- Using a smaller popsize (like 50) and more iterations (like 80).
- Or using a higher population size but fewer iterations to balance time.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses the same n_points for all optimizations. So, the code is fixed to the initial_h_values' length, which is 45. This is acceptable as per the problem's preference for smaller sequences.

So, putting this together, the new run function would:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting guess.
- Generate a random initial guess.
- Run differential evolution on both, then refine with COBYLA.
- Select the best result.

Also, in the previous code, the refine step is called multiple times. Maybe performing a few iterations of refinement could help.

Thus, the code would look something like this:

- Generate initial guesses (initial_h_values, random).
- For each, run differential evolution with certain parameters.
- Refine with COBYLA.
- Track the best C5 value.

This would be more efficient than the previous approach, which uses many guesses and multiple optimization steps.

Now, coding this in Python, adhering to the constraints of the problem.

The final code would need to be concise, use scipy.optimize, and fit within the 100-second budget.

Another idea: in the previous code, the differential evolution is run twice, but maybe running it once with more iterations and then refining it is better.

In conclusion, the revised code would focus on fewer initial guesses, use more efficient parameters for differential evolution, and apply multiple rounds of refinement with COBYLA to improve the result.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_random():
        r = np.random.rand(n_points)
        return np.clip((r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * 0.5 + 0.5, 0, 1)

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    guesses = [h, gen_random()]
    for g in guesses:
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        h_opt = res.x
        if obj(h_opt) < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, obj(h_opt)

    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=60,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 1.0), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-8)
        h_opt = refine(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```