<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for C₅, which is the Erdős minimum overlap problem. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The current best is around 0.38085, and I'm supposed to find a better one, possibly lower than 0.380876. 

The previous approach used a combination of different initial guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random) and then optimized using SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. But maybe there's room for improvement. Let me think about how to approach this differently.

First, I should consider the constraints. The integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So each sample h[i] must sum up to n_points / 2. The overlap integral is the max over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This is equivalent to the maximum correlation between h and 1 - h, scaled by dx. 

The previous code used a lot of different guess functions, but maybe there's a better way to generate initial points. For example, maybe using more structured patterns or leveraging symmetry. Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization strategy. 

Wait, the problem says that lower C₅ is better. So I need to find a function that has low maximum overlap with its shifted versions. Maybe using a more regular structure could help. For example, periodically varying h with certain periods that avoid alignment with shifts. 

Another thought: the problem resembles the concept of set cover or something similar. Maybe using a greedy approach where we try to place intervals in h such that they don't overlap too much with their shifted versions. But how to translate that into an optimization problem?

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a convex optimization approach. However, since the maximum function is non-convex, that might not be straightforward. So maybe using a heuristic with more effective search strategies.

The previous code used differential evolution with some parameters. Maybe tweaking those parameters could help. For example, increasing the population size, adjusting mutation rates, or changing the recombination strategy. But with the time budget, perhaps differential evolution is too slow. Maybe using a combination of local and global search methods would be better.

Another idea: perhaps using a genetic algorithm with a better mutation mechanism. Or maybe starting from the initial_h_values and applying some local perturbations. But again, the previous code already tried several optimizations.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given, and the current approach starts from that. Maybe we can improve upon that by specializing the optimization steps. For example, if the initial_h_values are already a good starting point, maybe focusing on refining it with more efficient local search methods.

Alternatively, I could consider that the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts k. Maybe analyzing the problem by fixing k and trying to minimize the integral for those k. But since it's the maximum over all k, it's challenging.

Another approach is to use a more efficient optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP, COBYLA, and differential evolution. Maybe using a different method, like gradient-based, but with careful handling of the constraints. Or perhaps using a Bayesian optimization approach with a surrogate model.

But given the time constraints, maybe focusing on the initial steps. Let me think about the code structure. The current code has multiple steps: generating initial guesses, then using SLSQP to refine them, then differential evolution, then COBYLA. Maybe the different methods can be combined more effectively, or the parameters tuned.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a lot of maxiter steps. Maybe that's computationally expensive. Maybe reducing the number of iterations but using more effective steps.

Alternatively, perhaps using an alternative initial guess. For example, using a piecewise constant function with more regular intervals. Like, if the initial_h_values are structured in certain ways, maybe adjusting them to have more balanced intervals.

Another idea: since the integral is over [0,2], and the function h is a step function, maybe designing h to have a specific structure, such as two intervals with certain lengths. But for the given problem, it's a step function with multiple points.

Alternatively, maybe using a more sophisticated initialization. For example, using a Fourier-based approach or some other structured method. But perhaps that's getting too complex.

Wait, the problem allows n_points to be smaller than 1k, so maybe using a larger n_points could help, but the time is limited. However, the previous code uses n_points from the initial_h_values, which is 45. Maybe increasing n_points could allow for more precise optimization. But the time budget is 100 seconds, which might be tight.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess. For example, instead of generating pulses and sawtooths, perhaps using a more optimal structure. But how to determine that?

Another point to consider: the previous code uses a lot of functions to generate initial guesses, but maybe some of them are not useful. For example, the saw and triangle functions might not be effective. Maybe generating random initial guesses with some regularization.

Alternatively, using a random start, but with a more structured approach. For instance, starting with a uniform distribution and then adjusting.

Another thing: the objective function is the maximum of the correlation. Since the maximum over k is hard to optimize, maybe the code could focus on specific k values that are likely to be the maximum, but that's unclear.

Hmm, thinking about the code again, the key steps are generating initial guesses, then optimizing them with different methods. Maybe the current approach could be improved by using more effective initial guesses and optimizing with a better method.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) might be more effective for this problem. But the code needs to be within the time constraints and use available libraries.

Wait, the user has access to scipy.optimize, which includes differential evolution, SLSQP, COBYLA, etc. Maybe the choice of method could be optimized. For instance, using differential evolution with a more efficient setup.

Another angle: the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap. The current approach uses the max of the correlation, but perhaps the maximum occurs at a specific shift. If we can find the shift that gives the highest value, then focus the optimization on that.

But how to determine which shift to target? Perhaps during the optimization, the code could track the values and adjust accordingly.

Alternatively, could the code use a multi-objective approach, where it minimizes the maximum of several shifts? But that might complicate things.

Looking back at the previous code, the function obj computes the max of the correlation. So the code is correct in that aspect. However, perhaps the way the initial guesses are generated could be better.

Wait, the user can start from the initial_h_values. Maybe the previous code uses that, but maybe there's a way to modify the initial guess to be better. For example, if the initial_h_values are not optimal, maybe applying some transformations to them.

Another thought: the problem is similar to the covering problem. Maybe the optimal function h has certain properties, like being periodic or having a specific symmetry. So designing h with such properties could help.

Alternatively, considering that for the interval [0,2], the function h is a step function. If we can divide the interval into regions where h is 1 or 0 in such a way that shifting doesn't cause too much overlap. For example, arranging the 1s in non-overlapping regions when shifted.

Wait, but the function is allowed to have steps, so maybe arranging the intervals of h(x) = 1 in such a way that when shifted by any k, the overlap with 1 - h(x +k) is minimized. 

This seems similar to a scheduling problem. For instance, arranging the 1s in such a way that they don't align with the gaps when shifted. 

However, how to translate this into an optimization problem? Maybe using a greedy approach: start with an initial partition, then adjust the positions and lengths of the intervals to minimize the maximum overlap.

But since the problem requires a step function, this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, using a more mathematical approach. For example, the overlap integral for a given shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. To minimize the maximum over k, we can think of this as minimizing the maximum of the sum over all x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx.

But this is still abstract. 

Perhaps trying to use more efficient optimization methods. For example, using a combination of differential evolution and local refinement. The previous code did that, but maybe adjusting parameters like the population size and max iterations could help.

Another idea is to use the fact that the maximum can be found for certain shifts. For example, if we can find the shift k that gives the maximum overlap, and then focus on minimizing that. But how to determine which k's are critical?

Alternatively, maybe the maximum occurs when k is such that the shift aligns with the structure of h. So for the function h, the shifts that are multiples of some fundamental period might be critical. 

But without knowing the structure of h, this is difficult.

Given that time is limited and the code needs to be efficient, perhaps focusing on the optimization step. For example, using a more efficient method for the local optimization. The previous code uses COBYLA for refinement. Maybe switching to a different method or adjusting the parameters.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach with a surrogate model to guide the search, which can be more efficient.

But considering the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to optimize the existing code's parameters. For example, using a higher population size in the differential evolution step, but with fewer iterations. Or using a different mutation strategy.

Another point: the previous code uses the initial_h_values and a few other guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses based on different patterns could lead to better results. For example, generating squares, rectangles, etc., with different parameters.

Alternatively, using a more mathematical approach. Let me think about the integral. The overlap integral for a shift k is the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. 

This can be rewritten as the integral over x of h(x) dx - integral over x of h(x)h(x +k) dx. Since the first term is the integral of h(x), which is 1. So the overlap integral is 1 - integral h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap is equivalent to maximizing the minimum integral of h(x)h(x +k) over k. 

So the problem becomes: find h that maximizes the minimum over k of the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. 

This transformation might help in the optimization, but I'm not sure how. However, it's interesting. So instead of minimizing the maximum of (1 - integral ...), it's equivalent to maximizing the minimum of integral ... 

But how to use this? Maybe this perspective could lead to a different optimization objective, but I'm not sure.

Another thought: using a dual formulation. Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum, maybe a Lagrangian relaxation approach. But again, this is complex.

Alternatively, considering that the function h is a step function, the integral h(x)h(x +k) can be thought of as the overlap between the intervals where h is 1. So for a given k, the integral is the measure of x where both x and x +k are in the regions where h is 1. So to minimize this overlap, we need to arrange the regions so that when shifted by k, the overlap is as small as possible.

This is similar to the problem of placing intervals on the line such that their overlaps with shifted versions are minimized. 

For example, if we place the intervals such that they are as spread out as possible. However, since the total length is fixed (the integral of h is 1), this is a constraint.

This is similar to a covering problem or a scheduling problem. For instance, if the intervals are placed in a way that they are non-overlapping at certain shifts.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? Maybe by using a greedy approach: place intervals such that adding a new interval minimizes the maximum overlap with existing intervals and their shifts.

But this is more of a heuristic and might not be directly applicable.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the existing code's parameters and methods. For example, using a more efficient optimization method or adjusting the initial guesses.

Looking back at the previous code, the initial guesses are generated with various functions, including pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different parameters could help.

Another idea: instead of generating so many guesses, focus on the initial ones and iterate more. For example, the current code generates a few guesses and then uses differential evolution. Maybe reducing the number of guesses but focusing on more promising ones.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the primary guess and then perturbing it. But how to do that effectively?

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP, which might get stuck in local minima. Maybe switching to another method, like genetic algorithms, which can explore the search space more thoroughly. However, the code is supposed to use scipy.optimize, which includes differential evolution, which is a global optimization method.

Another point: in the current code, the differential evolution is applied to the initial guesses. Maybe using a more efficient setup for differential evolution. For example, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters, or using a higher population size.

But with the time budget, even more iterations could take more time. So perhaps using a moderate population size and fewer iterations, but with better parameters.

Another thing: the code uses several refinement steps with COBYLA. Maybe that could be optimized. For example, reducing the number of iterations in COBYLA, but ensuring that the local search is effective.

Hmm. Also, the code uses the initial_h_values, but perhaps that initial guess is not the best. For example, if the initial_h_values are constructed with some specific pattern, but the optimal solution has a different pattern. Maybe modifying the initial construction could help.

But the user says to start from the current construction given by initial_h_values. So that's fixed. So the code must start from that.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values are used as one of the guesses. So the first refinement is with that guess. Maybe that's a good starting point.

So, putting it all together, perhaps the key steps are:

1. Start from the initial_h_values.
2. Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters to explore the search space.
3. Use local optimization methods (like SLSQP or COBYLA) to refine the solution.
4. Generate other initial guesses that are structured differently, like using known patterns or parametric functions.

But how to implement this effectively?

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code uses multiple steps of guessing and refining. Maybe reducing the number of guesses to focus on more effective ones, or generating guesses with different patterns.

Alternatively, using a different approach to generate the initial guesses. For example, instead of using pulse and sawtooth functions, generate a set of structured patterns based on specific frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe using a more systematic approach.

Another idea: since the problem is over [0,2], maybe the optimal solution has a certain periodicity. For example, if the function h has a period of 1, then shifting by 1 would not change the function. But that's unlikely to be optimal. However, considering shifts of 1. 

But without knowing the structure, this is speculative.

Given all this, I think the best course of action is to adjust the optimization parameters and the initial guesses. Perhaps using a more efficient method for the differential evolution, and focusing on refining the solution more effectively.

Another thing to note: the current code uses a lot of functions to generate guesses, but maybe some of them are not contributing. For example, the gen_tri function might be less effective. Removing some of the guess functions and using more effective ones could help.

Alternatively, using a combination of structured and random initial guesses. For example, generating a few structured guesses based on different patterns and a few random ones, but not too many to keep the computation time manageable.

In terms of code, the previous code uses 'gen_pulse', 'gen_saw', 'gen_tri', and 'gen_random' functions to generate initial guesses. Perhaps modifying these to generate more effective patterns.

Alternatively, for the initial guesses, use more structured patterns like placing intervals in such a way that they are spread apart. For example, using a regular pattern of intervals spaced evenly, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

But how to generate such patterns algorithmically. For example, splitting the interval [0,2] into equal parts and assigning h(x) = 1 in some of them.

For instance, if the total integral is 1, then the total length of the intervals where h(x)=1 should be 1. So if we have m intervals each of length L, then m*L = 1. But since the function is a step function, each interval is a segment where h(x)=1.

But arranging these intervals to minimize overlap when shifted. This seems like a classic covering or packing problem. 

For example, placing intervals so that when shifted by any k, the overlap between the intervals of h(x) and h(x +k) is minimized. 

This is similar to the problem of scheduling jobs to avoid overlaps, but I'm not sure how to translate that into a mathematical model.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the most feasible approach is to refine the existing code by optimizing the differential evolution parameters and adjusting the number of iterations and population size. Also, perhaps reducing the number of initial guesses to focus on more promising ones.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses, but maybe it's better to generate more initial guesses with different patterns. For example, using different frequencies for the pulses or adjusting the duty cycles.

Wait, in the previous code, the 'gen_pulse' is used with frequencies from 2 to 8 and duty 0.5, and 'gen_saw' with duty 0.3, etc. Maybe adjusting those parameters could lead to better initial guesses.

Alternatively, generating more pulses with varying frequencies and duty cycles. But again, this is just tweaking parameters.

Another possible optimization is to use a different initial guess based on the current best. For example, after each refinement, the current solution becomes a new guess for the next steps.

In terms of code, the previous code uses several steps of generating guesses and refining them. Maybe changing the order of the steps to first use differential evolution on a more focused set of guesses, then applying COBYLA refinement.

In conclusion, the key improvements to the previous code could involve:

- Tuning the parameters of differential evolution (population size, maxiter, mutation, recombination).
-Reducing the number of initial guesses to focus on more promising ones.
-Using more effective initial guesses based on structured patterns.
-Optimizing the local refinement steps with better parameters.

Implementing these changes in the code would likely improve the performance and lead to a better C₅ value.

Now, translating these ideas into code. Let's think about modifying the previous code.

First, perhaps reducing the number of initial guesses. For example, removing some of the functions that generate guesses and keeping only the most promising ones. 

Alternatively, using a different approach for generating initial guesses. For instance, instead of generating random ones, using a structured pattern like evenly spaced intervals.

But since the initial_h_values are given, perhaps focusing on refining that. 

Another approach is to use a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, starting with the initial_h_values and applying a more effective local optimization.

But I'm not sure. Given the time, I'll proceed to code these changes.

The key parts of the code are the initial guesses and the optimization steps. So, modifying the code to generate fewer initial guesses, but with more effective patterns.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with various functions. Maybe removing some of the less effective functions and focusing on structured ones.

Additionally, adjusting the parameters in the differential evolution step. For example, increasing the population size to 100, but reducing maxiter to 50 to save time.

Also, in the refinement steps, using fewer iterations of COBYLA.

So, in the code, perhaps the guesses are generated with only a few functions, and the differential evolution is run for fewer steps, but with a better population size.

Another idea: using a combination of different initial guesses and focusing on the most promising ones. For example, using the initial_h_values and a few other structured guesses.

In terms of code, I'll make the following adjustments:

- Reduce the number of initial guesses by removing some functions like gen_tri.
- Adjust parameters in differential evolution (e.g., popsize=100, maxiter=50).
- Refine with COBYLA for fewer iterations.
- Use only the initial_h_values and some other structured patterns as initial guesses.

This should save some time while still exploring a variety of initial guesses.

Also, for the initial_h_values, if they are not the best, maybe perturbing them slightly and using that as an initial guess.

But how to implement this in code.

Another thing: in the previous code, the first guess is the initial_h_values. Then, for frequencies 2-8, generate pulses, saw, and triangles. Then, add some random guesses.

But perhaps generating just the pulses and saw functions for a few frequencies, and then the random guesses.

Alternatively, maybe using the initial_h_values as the primary guess and using the random guesses as secondary.

Now, let me draft the code with these considerations.

The code should start with a seed, generate initial_h_values as a guess, then generate other guesses with structured patterns.

Then, optimize with SLSQP, then differential evolution, then COBYLA refinement.

But how to code this in Python.

Also, need to ensure that the code is under 300 lines and 12,000 characters.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated in a loop. Let's adjust that loop to generate fewer guesses, maybe only pulsing and sawtooth functions for certain frequencies.

Also, adjust the parameters for differential evolution, for example, using a higher population size and fewer iterations.

Another thing: the evaluation uses np.correlate, which might be slow for large n_points. But since the code is allowed up to 1k samples, but the initial_h_values is 45, which is manageable.

But the time is limited to 100 seconds, so the code must be efficient.

In summary, the changes to the code would be:

1. Reduce the number of initial guesses.
2. Adjust differential evolution parameters.
3. Refine with fewer COBYLA iterations.
4. Optimize parameters for faster convergence.

Now, implementing these changes in the code.

For example, in the previous code, the guesses are generated with:

for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
    guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
    guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.25))

But this creates 7 frequencies * 3 functions = 21 guesses, plus the initial guess and some random ones.

Maybe reducing this to 2-3 frequencies and 1-2 functions.

Alternatively, removing some functions.

Also, for the random guesses, generating fewer.

Another thing: the current code uses a lot of functions, but maybe the gen_pulse and gen_saw are the most relevant.

So, perhaps modifying the guesses to include only pulses and saw functions for a few frequencies, and some random guesses.

Additionally, adjusting the differential evolution parameters. For example, changing the mutation and recombination parameters.

Another possible optimization is to use the 'bounds' parameter in differential evolution more effectively.

In the code, the differential evolution is called as:

res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=90, maxiter=60,
                                     mutation=(0.5, 1.0), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-8)

Maybe changing 'popsize' to 100 and 'maxiter' to 50 to save time.

Also, the mutation parameter can be adjusted to (0.7, 1.0) for example.

In the refinement steps, the code uses COBYLA with 250 iterations, but maybe reducing to 100.

These adjustments should help in getting a better solution within the time limit.

Finally, testing these changes in the code.

So, the revised code would:

- Generate fewer initial guesses with structured patterns.
- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters.
- Refine with COBYLA for fewer iterations.
- Use the initial_h_values as a primary guess.

This should make the code more efficient and potentially find a better solution.

Now, translating this into the code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_random():
        r = np.random.rand(n_points)
        return np.clip((r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * 0.5 + 0.5, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [5, 6, 7]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.4))
    for _ in range(2):
        guesses.append(gen_random())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def de_guess(g):
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 1.0), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-8)
        return res.x
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess(best_h)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```