<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is around 0.38085, and my previous attempt achieved 0.381142. The goal is to get lower than that. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, I remember that the problem involves finding a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. Lower C₅ implies a better upper bound for the Erdős constant.

The previous code used SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA optimizers, starting from an initial guess. It tried various pulse, sawtooth, and triangular wave functions as initial guesses. However, it might be getting stuck in local minima. Maybe I need a different approach.

One idea is to use a more systematic method, like genetic algorithms or Bayesian optimization, which can explore the search space more effectively. Alternatively, maybe using a different kind of initial guess that's more promising. For example, instead of random guesses, maybe use a structured pattern that's known to be good for similar problems.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points). Maybe using a larger n_points could lead to better results, but the budget is tight. However, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So perhaps 45 points is acceptable if it's efficient.

Wait, the initial_h_values is available (n=45 samples). Maybe I can start from there and apply some refinement. But perhaps the initial guess isn't optimal. Maybe there's a way to improve the initial guess by adding more structure.

Also, the previous code used several optimization steps, but maybe the order or the choice of optimizers could be adjusted. For instance, using a more global optimization method first, then local refinement.

Another approach is to model the problem as a constrained optimization where the variables are the step function values. The constraints are that the integral of h is 1. The objective function is the maximum overlap integral. However, maximizing over k complicates the problem. Since the overlap integral is a function of the shift k, we need to find the maximum over all k, which might be computationally expensive. 

But in the code, they calculate the correlation using np.correlate, which is efficient. So the objective function is manageable.

Wait, in the previous code, they use differential evolution with a large population size, but perhaps that's too slow. Maybe using a more efficient global optimizer, or reducing the population size while keeping enough diversity.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a multi-objective approach where we try to balance the overlaps over different shifts. However, that's more complex.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a gradient-based approach with some smart initialization. For example, using a random Fourier series or other basis functions to parameterize h(x), which might allow for easier optimization.

Wait, the problem requires step functions, but the code uses a sampled version. So the function h is a piecewise constant function over the interval [0,2], with samples at n_points intervals. So each sample is a step value.

Maybe the key is to find a h that is periodic or has some symmetry properties. For example, if the function h is designed to have minimal overlap when shifted by certain distances, like the optimal solution might be constructed using a periodic pattern that minimizes the maximum overlap.

But how to translate that into code? Maybe trying different structured patterns, like a combination of pulses, or a more complex waveform that balances the integral.

Another thought: the current code uses several initial guesses, but perhaps adding more structured patterns as initial guesses could help. For example, using a binary step function with certain spacing, or a sinusoidal function with specific frequencies and duty cycles.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess can be modified by adding some randomness or perturbation, and then applying the optimizers.

But considering the time budget, perhaps the code should focus on a more efficient optimization strategy. For example, using a combination of differential evolution for global search followed by local optimization with SLSQP or COBYLA.

Wait, in the previous code, they tried multiple initial guesses and then used differential evolution, but maybe the initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, using different initial guesses based on varying frequencies, duty cycles, etc., could help.

But how to generate these initial guesses efficiently? The code already uses pulse, sawtooth, and triangular functions. Maybe adding more variations or using different parameters for these functions.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of initial guesses, maybe generate a few different types of initial patterns and optimize them. For instance, generate a few different periodic functions, and then let the optimizer refine them.

Moreover, the code uses a fixed n_points of 45. What if we try with a different number of points? For example, maybe a smaller n_points allows for faster optimization but might not capture the optimal structure. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, so perhaps 45 is acceptable.

Wait, the problem says the initial_h_values is available. Let me check what that is. But since I can't see it, I'll assume it's a rough initial guess. Maybe the initial guess isn't optimal, so refining it with better optimization techniques could help.

Another approach: since the problem is constrained, maybe using a penalty method in the optimization. However, the code already uses constraints with SLSQP.

Another thought: the overlap integral is calculated for all shifts k. The maximum over k is the bottleneck. So, perhaps the function h(x) should be designed such that for any shift, the overlap is minimized. This sounds like a problem where the function h(x) should avoid overlapping with itself when shifted by any k. 

To do that, maybe h(x) should be a function that's almost non-overlapping with itself when shifted by any k. This could be achieved by designing h to have certain properties, like being sparse or having gaps. For example, a function that is high in some intervals and low in others, spaced in a way that shifting doesn't cause significant overlap.

But how to model that into an optimization problem? It's challenging because the maximum over all k is a difficult constraint to handle.

An alternative approach could be to approximate the maximum by evaluating over a grid of k values, but this is what the current code does using the correlation function.

Hmm. Let's think about the current code. It uses a combination of different optimizers and initial guesses. But maybe the order of optimization steps can be adjusted. For example, perform a global search first with differential evolution, then refine with local methods.

Wait, the previous code does differential evolution for a couple of iterations, then COBYLA refining. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution, or using a more efficient algorithm like genetic algorithms.

But given the time constraints, I need to make sure the code runs within 100 seconds. So, perhaps the code can be optimized to use faster methods, like using a smaller population size for differential evolution or using a different optimizer.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a multi-start approach with different initializations, combining them with optimization steps. But again, time is limited.

Alternatively, could we use a Bayesian optimization approach that samples the search space more intelligently, but that might be more complex to implement.

Wait, maybe using a different initial guess. For example, starting from the initial_h_values and applying a perturbation, then optimizing. Or, instead of random guesses, generating structured patterns like binary sequences with specific properties.

For instance, a binary step function with alternating high and low regions. For example, if the function is designed to have high values in intervals separated by certain distances, which might minimize overlap when shifted.

Alternatively, using a binary function with periodicity that's related to the shift distances. For example, if the function is periodic with period T, then shifting by T would not cause overlap, but other shifts might.

But designing such a function would require careful analysis of the optimal shift.

Another angle: the current code uses a fixed n_points of 45. Let me check the initial_h_values. If it's 45 points, then dx is 2/45 ≈ 0.0444. Maybe trying a different n_points could help. However, the problem says to prefer smaller sequences, so 45 is acceptable. But perhaps increasing the n_points to a slightly larger number could allow for a better approximation of the optimal function. However, the code must run within 100 seconds. So, if the initial code uses 45 points, changing to a higher number might require more computational resources, but given the time budget, it's risky.

Alternatively, using a different approach for the initial guess. For example, instead of generating random functions, using a more systematic approach like a Fibonacci sequence or some other pattern that's known to distribute points evenly.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given. If I can't see it, maybe it's a basic pattern that's not optimal. For example, perhaps a uniform distribution or a simple pulse train. So, if I can generate a better initial guess based on known optimal structures, that could help.

But since I don't have access to initial_h_values, I need to rely on the code to generate it. However, the user mentioned that when initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So I should assume that the initial_h_values is provided, and I need to work with that.

In the previous code, the initial guess is used as one of the starting points. Maybe the initial_h_values is already a decent start, but it can be refined further.

Another idea: during the optimization, use a more efficient method for the local refinement. For example, instead of COBYLA, use SLSQP with more accurate settings, or use a method that handles box constraints better.

Wait, in the previous code, after differential evolution, the code uses COBYLA for refinement. COBYLA is a local optimizer that can handle bounds. Maybe using a different local optimizer, or adjusting the tolerances and max iterations, could lead to better results.

Also, the previous code used a fixed number of iterations for each step. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in the optimization steps could help, but that would require more time.

Alternatively, perhaps the code can prioritize the most promising initial guesses and focus the optimization steps there.

Another thought: the current code uses multiple initial guesses, which may not be efficient. For example, generating a few good initial guesses and then optimizing them. This reduces the number of initial guesses and focuses the search on promising areas.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the code can be optimized to use a more efficient global optimization method, and then refine with a better local method.

Let me think about possible changes to the code. For example, instead of using differential evolution with a large population, maybe using a more efficient method like the basin-hopping algorithm, which combines local optimization with random perturbations. However, I'm not sure if scipy has an implementation of basin-hopping.

Alternatively, using a combination of differential evolution and COBYLA with better parameter tuning. Also, adjusting the population size and mutation parameters in differential evolution to balance exploration and exploitation.

Another possible improvement: instead of generating random guesses, use a grid of structured initial guesses. For example, for the same n_points, generate a few different periodic functions with varying frequencies and duty cycles.

Moreover, the code could use more efficient ways to generate the initial guesses. For example, generating a few different periodic functions (pulse, sawtooth, etc.) with varying parameters and adding them to the initial guesses.

Another thing: the current code uses a limited number of initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could lead to better results, but that would increase the computation time. However, since the code has a time budget, it's a trade-off.

Alternatively, the code can use the initial_h_values as the first guess and perturb it slightly to generate a few different starting points for the optimization.

In conclusion, the main ideas for improvement would be:

1. Use more efficient optimization methods for the global search, like differential evolution with adjusted parameters.
2. Explore more diverse initial guesses, perhaps by generating structured patterns.
3. Refine the local optimization steps with better settings.
4. Adjust the balance between global and local optimization to avoid local minima.
5. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point and try to improve it with better optimization steps.

Now, translating these ideas into code. The previous code uses several initial guesses, but perhaps generating more of them. However, the code has a time budget, so it's important to not generate too many.

Another thing to note: the current code calculates the overlap as the maximum over all k. However, for a step function discretized into n_points, the maximum k would be up to n_points - 1, but the correlation calculation via np.correlate may not cover all possible shifts. Wait, in the code, it uses mode='full', which returns the full cross-correlation. So for two sequences of length n, the full correlation has length 2n - 1. Therefore, the maximum k is in that range. But for the problem, the shift k can be any real number, but in the discretized case, we're approximating the integral over k. The code uses the correlation to compute the overlap integrals for all possible shifts, and takes the maximum. This is a good approach.

Now, considering the code structure, I can think of modifying some parts. For example, increase the number of initial guesses by generating more patterns. But how?

Alternatively, replace some of the random initial guesses with more structured ones. For example, using a binary pattern with alternating high and low values, spaced in a way that minimizes overlap. 

Another idea is to use a binary encoding of the function h(x), where the function is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere. This is a more structured approach and could lead to better overlap properties. However, finding the optimal binary pattern is likely NP-hard, but for small n_points, a heuristic approach could work.

But since n_points is 45, maybe generating a binary pattern with certain properties would be feasible. For example, using a greedy algorithm to select intervals where h(x) is 1, ensuring that the integral is 1 and that shifting the pattern doesn't cause too much overlap.

But this is complex. Alternatively, the code could try generating binary patterns as initial guesses. However, how to do that efficiently?

Alternatively, since the initial guess is already provided, maybe modifying it by adding noise and then optimizing. But again, this requires more optimization steps.

In the previous code, the optimization steps use SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. Maybe using a different order of these steps could help. For example, start with differential evolution, then use COBYLA for refinement, and then use another global optimizer.

But again, time is limited. 

Another possible change: reduce the number of initial guesses but make them more effective. For example, using the initial_h_values as a starting point, then creating perturbations of it, and adding a few other structured patterns.

In terms of code structure, perhaps the code can use a more efficient way to generate the initial guesses. For example, instead of generating random guesses, using a few specific patterns, like a binary pattern with certain properties.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values and applying a random perturbation, then optimizing that, could lead to better results.

But I'm not sure. Let me think of code modifications.

First, the previous code uses a function gen_random() to generate random guesses. Maybe replacing some of those with more structured guesses.

Another thing: the code uses a fixed number of iterations for the differential evolution. Maybe increasing the number of iterations would help, but that uses more time. The current code runs for 60 iterations with maxiter=60. If time allows, perhaps increasing this would be better.

Alternatively, using a smaller population size but more iterations. For example, population=20 instead of 90, with more iterations. However, the code has a time budget, so this requires careful adjustment.

In conclusion, I'll try to adjust the code by:

1. Generating more structured initial guesses, such as pulse, sawtooth, and triangular waves with different parameters.
2. Using a more efficient global optimization method, like differential evolution with adjusted parameters.
3. Refining the local optimization steps with better settings.
4. Focusing on the initial_h_values as a starting point and applying more aggressive optimizations.

Now, to implement these changes in the code. Let me outline the steps.

First, in the code, the guesses list is generated by adding different waveforms with various frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe increasing the number of these structured initial guesses could help. For example, adding more frequencies or varying the duty cycles.

Second, in the differential evolution step, adjusting the parameters like population size, mutation, and recombination to balance exploration and exploitation. For example, using a smaller population size but more iterations.

Third, refining with a more effective local optimizer. For example, using SLSQP with tighter tolerances.

Also, the code may need to reduce the number of iterations in certain steps to stay within the time budget. For example, the initial guess generation may take time, but with fewer guesses, the code can spend more time on optimization.

Another possible change: using the initial_h_values as the first guess and then generating other guesses based on it. For example, perturbing the initial_h_values slightly and adding them to the guesses list.

In code, instead of using gen_random() for some of the guesses, create variations of the initial guess. For example, create a slightly perturbed version of initial_h_values, then add that to the guesses.

But how to generate perturbations? For example, adding a small random noise to each sample and clipping it to [0,1].

Putting this all together, the modified code could focus on generating structured initial guesses, use differential evolution with adjusted parameters, and refine with a better local optimizer.

Now, translating these thoughts into code. The crucial parts would be the generation of initial guesses, the optimization steps, and the refinements.

Let me also think about the objective function. The previous code uses the max of the correlation, which is correct. However, perhaps precomputing the shifts isn't efficient, but the code seems to handle it.

Another thing: the code has a loop that runs the differential evolution and then refinements. Maybe optimizing the number of times it runs these steps.

In the end, the code needs to be compact, under 300 lines and 12k characters, so I'll need to be concise.

Now, I'll draft the code based on these ideas.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_tri(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty * 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_perturbed(h_base, scale=0.05):
        return np.clip(h_base + scale * np.random.randn(n_points), 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.25))
    for _ in range(2):
        guesses.append(gen_perturbed(h))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=60,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 1.0), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-8)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```