<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and I need to find a construction that can beat that. The previous code uses a combination of different methods like SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA optimization, starting from an initial guess.

Hmm. The user wants me to think about how to improve this. The previous approach tried various pulse, sawtooth, and triangle wave functions as initial guesses, then optimized them. But maybe there's a better way.

First, I should consider that the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum value of the integral over all shifts. So, the function h(x) needs to be such that when you shift it and multiply by 1 - h(x + k), the integral is as small as possible.

The previous approach uses a lot of different optimization techniques. Maybe I can try different starting points, like more structured patterns or different frequency combinations. But how?

Wait, another idea: maybe using a more systematic approach. The problem has a structure similar to designing a window function with certain properties. Like, maybe using a periodic function with specific phase shifts or optimizing over a set of basis functions.

Alternatively, since the integral is over a period (from 0 to 2), maybe the function h(x) can be designed to have certain periodic properties. For example, using a piecewise constant function with specific points where it's 0 or 1. But the previous code uses a step function, which might be too simple.

Another thought: the previous code uses different waves (pulse, saw, triangle) and random guesses. Maybe I can try more structured initial points. For instance, what if I start with a function that has periodicity matching the interval [0,2], like a sawtooth wave with different frequencies. Or perhaps a binary pattern with certain spacing.

Wait, the initial_h_values provided is a 45-point array. Maybe there's a way to improve that by adding more structure. For example, maybe a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that spreads out the points evenly. Like a binary sequence with specific spacing such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

But how to translate that into a step function? Maybe using a more sophisticated optimization approach. The previous code uses SLSQP, which might get stuck in local minima. So perhaps a different optimization method, like genetic algorithms, or Bayesian optimization. However, the user has a time budget of 100 seconds, so the code must be efficient.

Wait, the code uses differential evolution (DE) and then refines with COBYLA. Maybe I can try using a different initial guess, perhaps a more optimal one. For instance, using a function that's designed to minimize overlap, like a function with certain symmetry or specific zeros.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be approached as an optimization problem with constraints. The integral over all shifts k of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since we're maximizing over k, the integral is the maximum over k. To minimize that maximum, we need to balance the function so that for any shift, the overlap is small.

Another idea: perhaps the function h(x) should be such that it avoids overlapping with itself for any shift. This might suggest that h(x) has a structure where it's active and inactive in regions that don't overlap when shifted. For example, if h(x) is active in intervals that are spaced apart in such a way that shifting them doesn't cause overlap.

But how to model that? Maybe using a binary sequence where the 1s are placed in a way that minimizes the maximum overlap. For example, if the function is a binary sequence, the overlap integral would correspond to the number of overlapping 1s when shifted. But in this case, the function is continuous, not binary. However, using a binary-like structure with specific points might help.

Wait, the initial_h_values provided might be a candidate. The previous code starts with that and tries to optimize from there. But perhaps there's a way to generate a better initial guess. For example, by using a more even distribution of 1s and 0s, or by considering certain patterns.

Alternatively, maybe using a mathematical structure. For instance, the function could be designed to have a certain Fourier transform that cancels out the overlap when shifted. But that's more of a theoretical approach.

Another possible approach: since the integral over all shifts is considered, maybe the function should have a Fourier series with certain properties. The overlap integral can be expressed using the Fourier transform. But I'm not sure how that would directly help.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum integral over k is the maximum of the convolution of h with 1 - h. So, the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of the convolution. Which is similar to error-correcting codes or certain signal processing problems where the autocorrelation is minimized.

In signal processing, there are constructions for sequences with low autocorrelation, such as Barker codes. But those are binary and discrete. However, maybe a continuous version can be used here. For example, using a function that's similar to a Barker code, but spread out over the interval [0, 2].

But how to apply that here? For example, a binary function with a certain length that has minimal autocorrelation. But again, the problem is continuous and not discrete. But perhaps a time-division multiplexing approach could be useful.

Alternatively, maybe the function can be constructed by taking a set of intervals where it's 1, and the rest 0, arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap much. For example, placing intervals that are spaced apart by more than their length. But in a continuous domain, this might not be possible for all shifts.

Wait, the function h(x) has to integrate to 1 over [0, 2]. So, if it's a step function, then the area under the curve is 1. Maybe the initial guess is something like a simple shape that can be optimized. For example, a function that is 1 on a subset of [0, 2] and 0 elsewhere, but adjusted to minimize the overlap when shifted.

But given that the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap over all shifts, perhaps a better approach is to consider the function that has the smallest possible maximum deviation when shifted. For example, using a function that is symmetric and periodic in some way.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal function might be a periodic function with a certain frequency, but adapted to the interval [0, 2]. For example, a sine wave that's modified to fit the constraints. But again, how to optimize that.

The previous code uses several types of wave functions as initial guesses. Maybe adding more such functions with different parameters could help. For example, varying the duty cycle, frequency, or other properties.

Another idea: using a combination of different waveforms. For example, a mix of a triangle wave and a sawtooth wave, or some other combination that could spread out the 1s in the function to avoid overlapping when shifted.

Alternatively, exploring more advanced optimization techniques. The previous code uses differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe using a different optimization method, like a genetic algorithm, could find better solutions by exploring more diverse solutions.

But the user has a time budget of 100 seconds. So any optimization algorithm must be efficient. Differential evolution is a population-based method that can be computationally intensive, but with a smaller population size, maybe it can be manageable.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses multiple guesses and refines them. Perhaps the number of initial guesses can be increased, but given the time constraints, that might not be feasible. Alternatively, using a more intelligent way to generate initial guesses.

Wait, the current approach starts with an initial guess and then generates other guesses based on different wave functions. Maybe trying different wave functions with different parameters can cover more of the search space.

Also, the code uses a fixed number of points. The user mentions that smaller sequences (under 1k samples) are preferred. The initial_h_values is 45 samples, so maybe trying with more points could potentially find a better solution. But the problem states that smaller sequences are better for speed. However, since the current code is already using 45, perhaps trying with more points could be better, but it's not certain.

But based on the user's instruction, the previous code uses 45 samples. So perhaps the new code should stick to similar or slightly more points, but not too many to stay within the time budget.

Another idea: the correlation is computed using np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the convolution. For the integral over all shifts k, the maximum value of this convolution is the overlap. So, the problem is to minimize this maximum.

To minimize the maximum of the convolution, perhaps the function h should be designed to have a flat convolution, i.e., the convolution has minimal variation. This might be achieved by having h(x) be a function that's spread out evenly and doesn't have sharp peaks that could cause large overlaps when shifted.

But how to model this? Maybe using a function with a smooth variation, rather than the step function used in the initial guess.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral for a given shift k is the area where h(x) is 1 and 1 - h(x + k) is also 1. That is, where both h(x) and h(x + k) are 1 and 0, respectively. Wait, no: the integral is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, for each x, if h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0, then the term contributes 1. If h(x) is 0 or h(x + k) is 1, it contributes 0. If both are 1, then it contributes 0. If both are 0, it contributes 0. So, the integral counts the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. Hence, the maximum over k of this area.

Therefore, the problem is to find a function h(x) that, for any shift k, the area of overlap where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0 is as small as possible. This is equivalent to the function being 'spread out' in a way that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much with its own 1 regions.

So, the function should have regions where it is 1 in such a way that shifting it doesn't lead to overlapping with itself. This is similar to the concept of a 'spread spectrum' signal, where the signal is designed to minimize correlation with itself when shifted.

In that case, perhaps designing h(x) as a sum of sinusoidal functions, or some other periodic functions, could help. For example, a function that is a combination of multiple frequencies, each contributing to spreading out the 1s.

Another approach is to use the geometric mean or some other form. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, since the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum of a certain convolution, maybe we can use some optimization techniques that directly target this maximum. But that's challenging.

The previous code uses a combination of different optimization methods. Perhaps the new code can try different starting points, perhaps with more structured patterns. For example, using a function that is a smoothed version of a binary sequence optimized for minimal autocorrelation.

Another idea is to use the fact that the integral is max_k over shifts. For the best-case scenario, the function h(x) would be such that for any shift k, the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0 is 0.5 * 2 * (1/2) = 0.5? Wait, no. The integral is the average over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). For the integral to be minimized, the average contribution over x needs to be as small as possible.

But given that the integral of h(x) is 1, the maximum value of the integral would be related to the distribution of the 1s in h(x).

For example, if h(x) is almost 1 over some regions, then shifting it could lead to overlaps where it's 1 and the shifted part is also 1. But the problem is to avoid that.

Wait, the integral of h(x) over [0, 2] is 1. So the average value of h(x) is 0.5. So, the overlapping integral is the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). For small k, this could be significant.

But perhaps the optimal function would have a certain smoothness, avoiding sharp transitions, so that when shifted, the areas where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0 are minimized.

In this case, the previous code's use of various wave patterns might be a good starting point, but maybe adding more intricate patterns or using a different optimization strategy.

One possible improvement is to use a more sophisticated initial guess. For example, instead of using random guesses, perhaps generate patterns that are designed to have certain properties. For instance, a function that is a periodic sequence with low autocorrelation.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses the initial_h_values and then generates several guesses based on different wave functions. Maybe expanding those guesses with even more structured patterns would help.

For example, generating multiple pulse waves with different frequencies and duty cycles, and also some more complex patterns like rotated versions or combinations of pulses and sawtooth.

Additionally, the previous code uses multiple optimization steps. Maybe adding more refinement steps or using different optimization methods could help.

Another possible approach is to use Bayesian optimization to efficiently search for the optimal h values. However, implementing Bayesian optimization would require a separate library, like scikit-optimize, which might not be available. So, perhaps not.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm. But given the time constraints, a genetic algorithm may not be feasible.

Another idea: since the problem involves integrals over shifts, perhaps using a discretized version where the function h is represented as a vector of 0s and 1s. But the problem allows h(x) to be any value between 0 and 1, so maybe a binary function is suboptimal, but the previous code allows for continuous values.

Alternatively, using a piecewise linear function that approximates a more optimal shape.

Another thought: the current code uses 45 points. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for more precise optimization, but with the time budget, that might not be feasible. However, the user allows for sequences with less than 1k samples, so 45 is okay.

So, perhaps the key is to find a better initial guess and use a more effective optimization strategy.

Looking back at the code, the previous approach uses several different initial guesses (pulse, saw, tri, random), then optimizes them with SLSQP, then uses differential evolution on those guesses. Then, refine with COBYLA.

But what if we try different types of initial guesses? For example, instead of pulse functions, maybe use more complex patterns.

Another approach: the current code uses functions that are periodic over [0,1], but the interval is [0,2]. Maybe generating functions that are periodic over [0,2], such as a sine wave with period 2, but adjusted to meet the constraints.

Alternatively, consider functions that alternate between 0 and 1 with certain spacing, but smoothed out.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function based on the initial_h_values but with adjustments. For example, modifying the initial guess to have a more uniform distribution.

But without knowing the exact structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the code can reference it directly.

Another idea: the previous code uses the same number of points as the initial guess. Maybe generating more samples could allow for a better approximation. But given time constraints, that might not be feasible. However, the initial_h_values is 45 points. So maybe stick with that.

Another thing to consider: the objective function is a bit expensive to compute (due to the convolution), so the optimization steps must be efficient. The previous code uses differential evolution with a population size of 90 and maxiter=60. That may be computationally heavy. Perhaps reducing the population size or adjusting other parameters could help.

Also, the previous code refines the solution using COBYLA. Maybe using a different method or combining methods differently.

Another optimization possibility: the constraints are that sum(h) is fixed. The code uses the equality constraint and bounds. Perhaps the SLSQP method is suitable for this.

But again, the main issue is the choice of initial guesses. Perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses. For example, instead of a few waveforms, generating a wide range of patterns.

Alternatively, using a mathematical model to generate a better initial guess. For example, based on the optimal solution for a similar problem.

However, since I don't have access to that, perhaps another approach is needed.

Another thought: the maximum overlap integral is related to the variance of the function h. For instance, if h(x) has a certain spread, the overlap when shifted could be minimized. However, this is a vague idea.

Alternatively, considering that for any shift k, the integral ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx = ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. The first term is 1, so this becomes 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx. To minimize the maximum of this over all k, we need to maximize the minimum of ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx over k. This might not help directly, but it's an interesting perspective.

Thus, the problem reduces to maximizing the minimum over k of ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx. This seems similar to finding a function h that has high autocorrelation for some shifts and low for others. But the goal is to find a function that has low autocorrelation for all shifts, to maximize the minimum (i.e., make the minimum as high as possible, thereby minimizing the maximum of 1 - that value).

This suggests that the optimal function would have a certain level of uniformity in its autocorrelation.

However, I'm not sure how to translate this into an optimization strategy.

In summary, the previous approach is a good start, but there are potential improvements. To enhance the code, perhaps:

1. Use more diverse initial guesses, perhaps combining multiple waveform types with varying parameters.
2. Incorporate different optimization methods in the search process.
3. Use more refined refinement steps.
4. Use a different way to generate initial guesses, perhaps based on mathematical patterns.

Another possible improvement is to use a more effective optimization strategy for the initial guesses. For example, instead of using differential evolution, which is population-based, use a local search method after a good initial guess.

But given the time constraints, it's important to balance between exploration and exploitation.

Another idea: the current code uses the initial guess and generates additional guesses, which are then optimized. What if we generate a large number of initial guesses, say, a few hundred, each with varying patterns, and then optimize them? But with time constraints, this may not be feasible.

Alternatively, generating initial guesses with different frequencies and phases. For example, creating a grid of frequencies and duty cycles for pulse and sawtooth functions, then selecting the best ones to optimize.

But again, the code must be efficient.

Another possible approach is to use a more systematic way to generate the initial guesses. For example, using a combination of functions that are known to have good properties for this type of problem.

Alternatively, using mathematical transformations. For example, taking the initial guess and applying a Fourier transform, then modifying it to have certain frequency components that reduce overlap when shifted.

But this is getting too abstract without concrete steps.

Perhaps the key is to improve the initial guess. The initial_h_values might not be the best starting point. If we can generate a better initial guess based on some pattern, that could lead to a better optimization result.

For instance, if we create a function that is a mixture of a few sinusoidal functions with different frequencies, this might distribute the 1s in a way that reduces overlap when shifted.

But how to implement this? Maybe using a Fourier series approximation.

Another idea: since the integral is over [0, 2], the function h(x) can be expressed as a sum of sinusoids. For example:

h(x) = a_0 + a_1 cos(πx) + a_2 cos(2πx) + ... 

But ensuring that the integral of h(x) is 1 and that h(x) is within [0, 1] could be complex. However, this could be a starting point for generating functions.

Alternatively, using a function that has a certain symmetry. For example, a triangular function or a Gaussian-like function that is spread out over [0, 2].

But again, this requires careful implementation.

In the absence of more specific insights, perhaps improving the existing code by introducing more structured initial guesses and more effective optimization steps.

So, to implement this:

- Generate more initial guesses based on different waveforms with varying parameters.
- Use a combination of optimization methods, like using differential evolution followed by a refinement with a local optimizer.
- Add more refinement steps.
- Ensure that the initial guesses are diverse enough to cover different possible solutions.

Another possible improvement is to use the current initial guess as a starting point, and then generate new guesses by perturbing it in different ways. For example, adding noise or modifying certain intervals.

Alternatively, use the initial guess and then try to evolve it with some mutation steps, similar to genetic algorithms, but without the need for a full GA implementation.

But time is limited, so the code needs to be efficient.

So, putting it all together, the new code should:

- Start with the initial_h_values.
- Generate various initial guesses, perhaps with more waveform types and parameters.
- Use a combination of optimization methods: differential evolution, SLSQP, COBYLA.
- Include more refinement steps.
- Ensure that the code can complete within the time budget.

Based on these thoughts, the code can be modified to generate more diverse initial guesses and use a more efficient optimization strategy. For example, by adding more waveform types (like different frequencies, duty cycles, or hybrid patterns) and optimizing them more thoroughly.

Additionally, the code can be adjusted to use a more aggressive optimization with the initial guesses and then refine them with multiple steps.

So, the final code would involve:

1. Using the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generating a variety of initial guesses, like combinations of pulse, saw, and triangle waves with different frequencies and duty cycles.
3. Optimizing each guess with SLSQP, DE, and COBYLA.
4. Refining the best solution with more iterations.
5. Ensuring the code stays within the time budget by adjusting the number of iterations and population sizes.

This approach aims to cover a larger search space and find a better solution than the previous code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

initial_h_values = np.array([0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.0, 0.0, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0], dtype=float)

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulse(freq, duty, phase):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * (x + phase))
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty, phase):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * (x + phase) - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_tri(freq, duty, phase):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * (x + phase) - 1) * duty * 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_random():
        r = np.random.rand(n_points)
        return np.clip((r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * 0.5 + 0.5, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
        for phase in [0, 0.25, 0.5, 0.75]:
            guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5, phase))
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3, phase))
            guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.25, phase))
    for _ in range(3):
        guesses.append(gen_random())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=40,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 1.0), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-8)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```