<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is even lower. The previous code tried using a combination of different functions and optimization methods like SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. But maybe I can do better by changing the approach.

First, let me think about the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated by taking the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is in [0,1], integrates to 1 over [0,2], and we have to represent it as samples with dx = 2/n_points.

The previous code used initial_h_values with n=45 points. But maybe starting from different initial points could help avoid local minima. Also, the previous method tried various functions (pulses, sawtooth, triangular) and random guesses, then used optimization methods. But perhaps a different strategy is needed.

I remember that in such optimization problems, especially with constraints, using gradient-based methods can be tricky if the function is non-convex. Maybe using a different optimization technique, like genetic algorithms or Bayesian optimization, could help find better solutions. However, the previous code already used differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe adjusting the parameters of these methods or trying a different starting point would help.

Another idea: maybe the optimal function has a certain symmetry or structure. For example, maybe it's a periodic function with specific properties. The initial step function might be a good starting point, but we can try modifying it.

Wait, the problem mentions that the function is a step function. So maybe the optimal h is piecewise constant. That's already the case with the current setup. So perhaps the key is to find the right placement and widths of the steps.

Alternatively, maybe using a more systematic approach to generate candidate functions. For example, considering different periodic patterns with varying frequencies and duty cycles, then optimizing them. But how to generate those systematically?

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization routine. The previous code uses SLSQP and COBYLA, which are local optimizers, but maybe combining with global methods like differential evolution could better handle the search space.

But the previous code already tried differential evolution. Maybe the issue is that the initial guess is not good enough, leading to suboptimal solutions. So perhaps using a better initial guess, or generating multiple initial points and then refining them.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given, but the user might have a better starting point. However, in the previous code, they start with initial_h_values and then generate other guesses. Maybe using a different starting point could lead to better results.

Another approach is to consider that the overlap integral is related to the convolution. Since we're maximizing over shifts k, maybe the optimal h is designed to minimize the maximum convolution with (1 - h). This resembles a problem in signal processing where you want to design a signal that has minimal correlation with its shifted versions. So maybe some knowledge from that field could be useful.

Another thought: the problem can be transformed into a minimax problem. We need to minimize over h the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and (1 - h) at different lags. So perhaps there's a way to model this as an optimization problem with constraints.

But how to handle the maximization over k in the objective function. Since the integral is over x, the maximum over k is a bit tricky. The current approach uses a numerical method where they compute the cross-correlation and then take the maximum.

Alternatively, maybe we can consider discretizing the possible k values. For each k, the integral can be approximated, and then the maximum over these k's. But the current code uses the full mode of np.correlate, which gives all possible shifts. However, the actual integral over x would involve integrating over the entire [0,2] range, so the possible shifts k would be such that x + k is within [0,2], leading to different ranges of k. But for numerical purposes, the code uses the full correlation and takes the maximum, which might be an approximation.

But perhaps the previous approach is correct, and the key is to find a better h that satisfies the constraints.

Let me think about the previous code's structure. The code starts with the initial_h_values, then generates several guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, etc.), and applies optimization methods. But maybe the initial guess isn't the best, and generating more diverse initial guesses could help.

Another idea: perhaps using a lower number of points. The user prefers sequences with less than 1k samples. The previous code used 45 points. Maybe even fewer points can lead to better results? Wait, but with fewer points, the approximation might be worse. Alternatively, using a higher number of points might allow for better precision. However, the time budget is tight. If I use more points, the computation might take longer. So the previous approach used 45 points, which is manageable.

Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred for faster optimization. So maybe using 45 points is okay, but perhaps the previous approach could be optimized further.

Looking at the code's performance: the previous code achieved a C₅ bound of 0.381142. The target is 0.380876, so there's a bit of room. How can we improve that?

Maybe the optimization process can be improved. For example, using a better initial guess. Alternatively, trying different optimization strategies. For example, using a combination of differential evolution for global search and local refinement with SLSQP or COBYLA.

Wait, in the previous code, after generating some initial guesses, they perform differential evolution for a few iterations. Then, they refine using COBYLA for several iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using different parameters for the differential evolution could help.

Alternatively, using a different starting point. For example, instead of using the initial_h_values, perhaps generating a better starting function. For instance, a function that is more evenly distributed, but has steps that avoid overlapping too much when shifted.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal function h should have a certain balance between its mass and the shifts. Perhaps h should be designed such that when shifted by any k, the overlap is minimized. This might require h to have certain regular structures, like a periodic function with specific frequencies.

Wait, considering that h is defined over [0,2], and we are looking for shifts k. If we can find a function that is periodic with period 2, then the overlap would be the same for all shifts. But that's not necessarily the case. For example, if h is periodic, then shifting by any multiple of the period would give the same integral. But the maximum might still depend on the shifts.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal function has a symmetric structure, such as being composed of equal-sized intervals or arranged in a way that the overlap with any shift is minimized.

Another approach is to use a genetic algorithm. The previous code uses differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm. However, perhaps adjusting the parameters (like population size, mutation rate, etc.) could lead to better results. For example, using a larger population size for differential evolution might explore the search space more thoroughly.

Alternatively, maybe using a hybrid approach where we first perform a global search with differential evolution to find a good candidate, and then refine it with a local optimizer like SLSQP, which is what the previous code does.

But perhaps the previous code is already doing this. The main issue might be that the initial guesses are not sufficiently diverse or that the optimization parameters are not optimal.

Another thought: the current code uses the same initial_h_values as the starting point. Maybe generating a better initial guess, such as a function that has more evenly distributed steps, could lead to a better solution.

For example, if the initial_h_values are not very good, maybe starting with a function that alternates between high and low values could be better. Or maybe starting with a function that has multiple steps arranged in a certain way.

Alternatively, considering that the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], the function needs to have a certain area. So maybe the function should have a specific number of steps. For example, if the function is made of 10 intervals of equal width, but with varying heights. However, the initial_h_values are given, so perhaps modifying them could help.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial_h_values are already a good starting point, and the issue is to refine them more effectively.

Looking back, the previous code used a combination of different functions (pulse, sawtooth, triangle) as initial guesses. Maybe generating more such functions with different parameters could help. For example, varying frequencies and duty cycles for the pulse and sawtooth functions.

Another thing to consider is that the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n=45) and the initial_h_values are given. If I can generate a better initial guess for h, that might lead to a better solution.

Wait, the user says that the initial_h_values are available, and we can use them directly. So in the previous code, they start with initial_h_values and then generate other guesses. However, maybe starting with a modified version of initial_h_values could help.

Another idea: using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the SciPy's bounded optimization with SLSQP, but with more aggressive parameters. Or using the COBYLA method with more iterations.

Alternatively, perhaps using Bayesian optimization to explore the search space more efficiently. But that might be more complex to implement within the time constraints.

Another angle: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe there's a way to model this as a quadratic optimization problem with constraints. However, the integrals involved are linear in terms of the function values, but the maximum over k complicates things. Therefore, it's not straightforward.

Wait, the cross-correlation is computed as the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The maximum over k is our objective. To minimize this maximum, we need to find a function that, when shifted by any k, has low overlap with itself. This seems related to the concept of a "balanced" function with low cross-correlation.

I remember that in coding theory, there are codes with low cross-correlation, like Barker codes. However, those are designed for binary sequences. Maybe similar principles apply here. For example, a function that is "balanced" in some way, such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Alternatively, considering that the function h is piecewise constant, maybe the optimal function can be constructed by distributing the 1's in h as evenly as possible. For example, placing the 1's in such a way that their shifts do not overlap much. However, since the function is over [0,2], and shifts can be any real numbers, it's challenging.

But since we are working with a discretized version (samples), maybe we can find a sequence of values that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Another approach could be to use a genetic algorithm where the individuals are the h_values, and the fitness is the C5 value. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time constraints might be challenging, but the previous code used differential evolution, which is a form of evolutionary algorithm.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method. However, perhaps increasing the number of generations or adjusting the parameters could help.

In the previous code, the differential evolution part is called with popsize=90, maxiter=60, mutation=(0.5, 1.0), etc. Maybe adjusting these parameters, like increasing the population size or mutation range could lead to better exploration of the search space.

Additionally, after differential evolution, the code refines the solution using COBYLA. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or allowing more iterations in the refinement phase could help.

Another idea: perhaps the initial guess is not the best. If the initial_h_values are not good, maybe generating a better initial guess is necessary. For example, a function that is more evenly distributed. Alternatively, using a randomly generated initial guess with certain properties.

But how to generate such a guess? For example, a function that has uniform spacing of ones, such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. But since the function is over [0,2], perhaps distributing the 1's in h to spread out over the interval.

Wait, the integral of h is 1 over [0,2]. So the area under the curve is 1. If we consider h as a step function with 1s in certain intervals, the total length of those intervals should be 1. For example, if the function has m intervals where it's 1, each of length l, then m*l = 1. But since the total length of the interval is 2, the number of intervals can vary.

But how to model this. For example, if the function is made up of multiple intervals that are spaced apart, their shifts would not overlap as much. However, since the function is periodic or not, this depends on the choice.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal h is a function that consists of several intervals, each of which is placed to minimize the overlap with shifted versions. This sounds like a problem that requires careful placement.

But this is a bit abstract. Maybe the previous code's approach is more practical. Let's think about what changes can be made to the previous code.

First, adjusting the number of points. If the previous code used 45 points, perhaps using a different number could be better. However, the user prefers smaller sequences (less than 1k samples), so 45 is acceptable.

Another possibility is to use a different optimization strategy. For example, instead of using a combination of SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA, maybe using only a more effective method.

Wait, the previous code's main steps are:

1. Start with initial_h_values and some generated guesses.
2. Use SLSQP on each guess to get a local minimum.
3. Use differential evolution to find a global minimum.
4. Refine the result with COBYLA.

So, maybe the problem is that the differential evolution part is not sufficient to find the optimal solution. Perhaps using a more extensive differential evolution with more iterations could help.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess for the differential evolution. For example, instead of starting with the initial_h_values, generate a better initial guess.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, etc.), but maybe generating more diverse guesses could lead to a better starting point. For instance, generating random guesses with different properties or using a more systematic approach to generate these guesses.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial_h_values are already good, and the only way to improve is to refine the optimization steps further.

Looking at the code's optimization steps, after the initial guesses are processed, the code runs differential evolution for 60 iterations, which is a moderate number. Maybe increasing the number of iterations would help. However, the time budget is tight, so increasing the maxiter might not be feasible unless we reduce the population size or other parameters.

Alternatively, using a more efficient method for the differential evolution step. For example, using a different mutation strategy or selection method.

Another idea: since the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation, which is a complex function, perhaps the problem is highly non-convex, and getting a good solution requires multiple restarts with different initial points.

In the previous code, they generate several initial guesses (pulses, sawtooth, etc.) and then run the optimization steps on each. But perhaps generating more guesses could provide better starting points.

Another thing: the code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess, but maybe modifying that initial guess could help. For example, if the initial_h_values are not very good, we could adjust them.

But since initial_h_values is given, and we can't modify it, perhaps the code should generate more similar functions to explore the space.

Now, considering the code's structure, to improve it, I could:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses to cover more possibilities.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods for better performance.
3. Increase the number of iterations for differential evolution and refinement steps.
4. Use a different strategy for generating the initial guesses, such as varying frequencies or duty cycles.

Let me think about generating more initial guesses. The previous code generates pulses, sawtooth, and triangular waves with different frequencies. Maybe including other functions, like square waves or more complex patterns. Or even combinations of these functions.

Additionally, for the pulse function, varying the frequency and duty cycle could lead to more diversity. For example, using different frequencies and duty cycles for each guess.

Similarly, for the sawtooth and triangular functions, varying their parameters could generate more possibilities.

Another idea: instead of generating these functions, use a more systematic approach to create a grid of possible parameters for these functions. For example, for the pulse function, varying frequency and duty cycle in a certain range, and generating the corresponding h values.

However, generating too many guesses might be time-consuming. But since the code is allowed to run within 100 seconds, maybe it's manageable.

Another change: in the previous code, the differential evolution is run twice, with a few iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution and allowing more refinement steps could lead to a better solution.

Moreover, the code uses the same initial_h_values as the first guess. Maybe trying to generate a better initial guess, such as a random permutation of the initial_h_values or a version that's been modified to distribute the values more evenly.

Alternatively, adding more random guesses with different parameters.

Another thought: the current code's refine step is called four times with COBYLA. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or using a different optimizer for refinement could help. For example, using SLSQP instead of COBYLA, with different settings.

But the previous code uses COBYLA for refinement, which is a derivative-free method. Maybe combining with SLSQP for refinement could be better.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods for refinement.

Overall, the main goal is to improve the optimization process by better exploring the search space and refining the solution more effectively.

Now, to translate these thoughts into code changes. The previous code already uses a variety of initial guesses. To improve, I can:

- Increase the number of generated initial guesses, especially varying parameters like frequencies and duty cycles.
- Adjust the parameters of differential evolution (e.g., increase maxiter, population size) to allow for more thorough exploration.
- Allow more refinement steps with different optimization methods.
- Possibly use a different initial guess, like a random one, to avoid getting stuck in local optima.

However, considering the time constraints, I need to balance between the number of iterations and the time spent.

Another idea: instead of generating many initial guesses, focus on generating a few very diverse ones, and then use differential evolution with a larger population and more iterations.

But how to generate those diverse initial guesses? The previous code uses pulses, sawtooth, triangular, and random functions. Maybe generating more random functions, or combining different types.

Alternatively, using a function that has a specific structure, such as a function with multiple segments of 1's distributed across the interval [0, 2]. For example, a function that has m segments of 1's, each of which is placed in a way to avoid overlapping when shifted.

But generating such functions algorithmically would require some planning.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values and modifying them. For example, if the initial_h_values have certain patterns, perhaps shifting or altering them could create better guesses.

But without knowing the structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say.

In conclusion, the key improvements could be:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses with varying parameters.
2. Adjust differential evolution parameters to allow more iterations.
3. Increase the number of refinement steps with different optimization methods.
4. Use a different initial guess, such as a random one, to avoid local optima.

Let me try to implement these changes. For example, instead of generating a fixed number of guesses, generate more guesses with different parameters for the pulse, sawtooth, and triangular functions. Also, adjust the differential evolution parameters to have more iterations.

Another thing to note: the current code uses the same n_points (45) as the initial_h_values. If changing n_points is allowed, but the problem says that the initial_h_values are given, and if there's no parent construction, create a starting vector. But since the user says to use initial_h_values if available, we should use that.

Now, let's outline the code changes.

In the current code:

- The guesses include a few frequencies and duty cycles. We can increase the number of frequencies and duty cycles.

For example, instead of using freq in [2,3,4,5,6,7,8], maybe generate more frequencies, or vary duty cycles more.

Also, the code could generate more random guesses to increase diversity.

Additionally, in the differential evolution step, increase the maxiter and popsize, but within the time budget.

The previous code uses maxiter=60 and popsize=90. Maybe increasing maxiter to 100 or more, but that depends on time.

Moreover, the refinement steps could be increased. Instead of 4 iterations, perhaps 5 or more.

Another thing: the code uses the same initial_h_values as the first guess, and then generates other guesses. But maybe generating more guesses with different parameters would help.

So, modifying the code to generate more guesses. For example, adding more frequencies, varying duty cycles, or adding more random guesses.

Another idea: instead of generating fixed parameters, generate a grid of parameters. For example, for the pulse function, vary the frequency from 2 to 10 and duty cycle from 0.2 to 0.8. But this could generate many guesses, which might be time-consuming.

However, the code's time budget is 100 seconds. If the number of generated guesses increases, the time per guess might vary, but with 90 popsize and 60 maxiter, the time could be managed.

Another way: instead of hardcoding the frequencies and duty cycles, generate them algorithmically. For example, using a loop to generate multiple frequencies and duty cycles for each function type.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with frequencies 2-8 and specified duty cycles. Let's modify this to generate more diverse guesses.

Moreover, adding more random guesses. The previous code adds 2 random guesses. Maybe adding more, say, 5, to increase the pool.

Putting this all together, here's what the revised code might look like:

- Generate more initial guesses with varying frequencies and duty cycles for pulse, sawtooth, and triangular functions.
- Use more random guesses.
- Allow differential evolution to run longer.
- Refine more times with different optimization methods.

Now, implementing these changes into the code.

For example, in the code's guesses section, expand the frequencies and duty cycles. Also, generate more random guesses.

Another change: in the differential evolution loop, increase the number of iterations. For example, set maxiter=100 and popsize=100, but need to check time.

But time is limited. Let's assume that with these changes, the code can find a better solution.

Additionally, modifying the refinement step to use SLSQP instead of COBYLA for better local optimization.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to increase the number of initial guesses, improve the parameters of the differential evolution, and refine more.

Finally, the code should return the best solution found within the time limit.

So, putting all these changes into code, the final code would look similar to the previous, but with more diverse guesses and adjusted optimization parameters.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_tri(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty * 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_random():
        r = np.random.rand(n_points)
        return np.clip((r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * 0.5 + 0.5, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 12):
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.25))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.2))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 1.0), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-8)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```