<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The previous code uses an initial construction and tries several optimization techniques like SLSQP, differential evolution, and refinement. But maybe I can do better.

First, I should understand what the problem is asking. The overlap integral is the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraint is that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So h is a step function that covers half of the interval [0,2] with a total area of 1. The challenge is to arrange this step function such that when you shift it by any k, the overlap (the integral of the product) is minimized.

The previous code uses a starting point from initial_h_values (which is a 45-point array) and then applies various optimization methods. But maybe there's a better approach. Let me think about possible improvements.

One idea is to consider different initial constructions. The previous code tried pulses and staircases, but perhaps there are other patterns that could lead to better results. For example, maybe using a more symmetric or periodic pattern could help. Alternatively, using a non-uniform distribution of the steps might reduce overlap.

Another angle: the problem is similar to optimizing a function with a constraint. The constraints are that the sum of h is fixed. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap. Since it's a maximization of the integral over k, perhaps we can model this as an optimization problem with a single variable for each h_i, with constraints on the sum. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe switching the optimization algorithm or using a different approach could yield better results.

Another thought: the current code uses several guesses, but maybe there's a smarter way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a combination of different patterns that are known to have good overlap properties, or using random initializations with some structure.

Also, the current code has a time budget of 100 seconds. It's important to make sure that the code doesn't run out of time. So perhaps using a more efficient optimization approach that can converge faster, or using a combination of methods with early stopping if a good enough solution is found.

Let me think about the evaluation. The overlap is computed as the maximum of the cross-correlation. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which might not be the most efficient way. Wait, the cross-correlation between h and (1 - h) gives the overlap for different shifts. But maybe there's a way to compute this more efficiently, but perhaps that's not the main issue.

The previous code uses SLSQP for local optimization, differential evolution for global search, and COBYLA for refinement. Maybe the differential evolution part could be optimized. For example, using a lower population size or adjusting mutation parameters to speed up convergence within the time budget.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different method like genetic algorithms, but considering that the time budget is tight, this might not be feasible.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a binary optimization problem, but since h is a step function, the variables are continuous. Maybe using a discrete approach where the h is allowed to take only a few values (like 0 or 1) could be easier, but the problem allows for more flexibility. However, the previous code uses a continuous approach, which might be necessary for better results.

Wait, the problem states that h is a step function, which I think means that it's piecewise constant, but the exact number of steps isn't specified. However, the discretization is given as n_points samples, so the code is working with a sampled version of h.

Let me think about the initial construction. The initial_h_values is provided, and the code uses that as a starting point. But perhaps generating a different initial guess could lead to a better result. For example, instead of using the initial_h_values, maybe starting with a different pattern, like a square wave or something else.

Also, the previous code uses a lot of different guesses, which might be computationally expensive. Maybe focusing on a subset of the guesses could save time and lead to better results. Alternatively, perhaps using a more structured approach to generate the initial guesses.

Another possible optimization: using the fact that the maximum overlap occurs at certain shifts. For example, the overlap could be largest when the shift k is such that the two intervals overlap as much as possible. So, perhaps designing h to have minimal overlap for the most likely shifts.

But how to model that? Maybe by considering that the maximum overlap is over all k, so we need to ensure that the function h is designed such that for any shift, the overlap is minimized. This seems like a challenging topological problem, but perhaps using a more structured approach like a periodic function with certain properties.

Wait, the problem is similar to finding a function h that has minimal "self-overlap" when shifted. This is similar to a concept in signal processing called the autocorrelation function. The maximum value of this function is minimized. So perhaps the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum autocorrelation of the function h with itself, but adjusted for the (1 - h) part.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)), which is similar to the cross-correlation of h with the complement of h. So the goal is to minimize the maximum value of this cross-correlation over all k.

Another approach is to model this as a constrained optimization problem where we need to minimize the maximum of several functions. But since the maximum is involved, this is a minimax problem, which is difficult to solve directly.

In the previous code, the optimization is done by minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The code uses a combination of local and global optimization techniques. However, perhaps there's a way to reformulate the problem to make it more tractable. For example, using a Lagrange multiplier method to handle the constraint ∫h(x)dx = 1, but that would require integrating over the continuous function, which is not feasible with the discrete samples.

Another idea: instead of searching over all possible step functions, maybe parameterizing the function h with certain parameters that can be optimized. For example, if h is composed of a certain number of intervals where it's 1 or 0, then the parameters could be the positions and lengths of these intervals. However, with the discretization into n_points samples, this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a binary optimization problem, where each sample is either 0 or 1. But the problem allows for continuous values between 0 and 1. However, the previous code uses continuous variables, which might lead to better results.

Now, considering the time budget, perhaps a better approach is to focus on a few good initial guesses and perform more thorough optimization on those. For instance, using a grid search over a few parameters to generate initial guesses, then optimizing them with more sophisticated methods.

But how to generate good initial guesses? Let's think about possible structures. For example, a function that has a certain number of "blocks" where it is 1, spaced out in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, a function that has equal-sized intervals of 1 and 0, but with a certain phase shift.

Wait, the current code uses functions like gen_pulse and gen_staircase. Maybe generating more structured initial guesses could help. For example, using a pattern that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that the average is 0.5, but arranged to minimize overlap.

Alternatively, considering the Erdős problem, which is about covering the interval [0,1] with intervals such that any shift overlaps minimally. The optimal solution may have a certain regular pattern, like a set of blocks that are spread out as much as possible.

Another thought: since the current code's best result is 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876, perhaps the best approach is to try to refine the existing solution using different optimization strategies. For example, using a more efficient local optimization method or adjusting the parameters of the optimization to get better convergence.

In the previous code, the optimization uses SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. Maybe switching the order of these methods, or using a different algorithm for the initial exploration. For instance, using a genetic algorithm for global search, then local optimization.

However, given the time constraints, it's better to use existing methods but optimize their parameters. For example, the differential evolution has parameters like mutation and recombination. Maybe adjusting these parameters could lead to better results.

Another idea: the problem has a symmetry in the interval [0,2]. Perhaps taking advantage of this by ensuring that the function h is symmetric or has certain periodic properties. For example, a symmetric function might distribute the 1s more evenly, leading to lower overlap.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). This can be rewritten as the integral of h(x) - h(x)h(x +k). So the overlap is ∫h(x)dx - ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx. But ∫h(x)dx is fixed (since it's 1), so minimizing the maximum overlap is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x +k) over k.

So the problem becomes finding h such that the integral of h(x)h(x +k) is maximized for all k, but since we have to minimize the maximum overlap, which is 1 - ∫... Wait, no, the overlap is ∫h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx, which equals 1 - ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx. So to minimize the maximum overlap, we need to maximize the minimum value of ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx over k. But this seems like a dual problem. However, I'm not sure if this helps directly in terms of optimization.

Another angle: since the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 45), maybe trying with fewer points could be better, as the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred and faster. However, the note says that the current record is with n=45, and the goal is to find a better one. So maybe trying with a smaller n_points, like 30 or 40, could be more efficient.

Wait, the problem states that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The initial_h_values is n=45, which is small. So perhaps trying with lower n_points could help. But how to adjust the code to do that?

But the user might have the initial_h_values already. So perhaps the code should stick with the same n_points, like 45, to maintain compatibility with the initial construction.

Another thought: the previous code uses a lot of different initial guesses, which might be computationally heavy. Maybe generating a few key initial guesses and focusing on those would save time, allowing more iterations with better optimization.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization technique for the initial guesses. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method instead of differential evolution for some steps.

But I need to make sure that the code stays within the time budget. Let me think about how to structure the code.

Let me outline possible improvements:

1. Use a different initial guess. Instead of using the initial_h_values, maybe generate a better starting point. For example, a square wave or a more evenly spaced pattern.

2. Optimize the order of optimization steps. For example, do a global search first, then apply local optimization to the best found solution.

3. Adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms. For instance, in differential evolution, the mutation and recombination parameters can be tuned for better performance.

4. Use multiple local optimization steps, perhaps with different starting points, to avoid getting stuck in local minima.

5. Try different optimization methods. For example, using a genetic algorithm for the global search and then SLSQP for local refinement.

6. Consider adding constraints or penalties to the objective function to guide the optimization towards better solutions.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to focus on a few key improvements.

For instance, in the previous code, the initial guesses include some pulses and staircases, but maybe generating more structured guesses. Alternatively, using a different method for the initial guess.

Another idea: using a sampling method where we randomly sample several points with specific patterns and then optimize. For example, generating a function that has a certain number of steps spread out over the interval.

Also, considering that the overlap integral is maximized for certain shifts, maybe the code can focus the optimization on those shifts that are most likely to be the maximum. However, since the code is optimizing for the maximum over all k, this is still a global optimization problem.

Another approach is to consider the overlap for specific shifts, such as k=1, 0.5, 2, etc., but that might not be effective since the maximum could occur at any k.

Hmm. Let's think about the code structure again. The previous code starts with the initial_h_values, then generates several other initial guesses (pulses, staircases, random), and performs optimization steps on each of them. Then, it uses differential evolution on a subset of the guesses, followed by refinement with COBYLA.

Maybe the issue is that the initial guesses are not sufficient. So perhaps generating more initial guesses based on different patterns could help. For example, generating functions that have a certain number of blocks or specific waveforms.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess that's more promising. For example, a function that has equal intervals of 1 and 0, arranged periodically, like a checkerboard pattern.

Another idea: since the problem is similar to designing a binary sequence with certain autocorrelation properties, maybe using a known sequence with good autocorrelation, like a Barker code or something similar. However, the exact mapping might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, considering that we're working with real numbers between 0 and 1, not binary, maybe using a smoother function that approximates a binary sequence with minimal correlation.

But the code is working with discrete samples, so perhaps the initial_h_values could be improved by creating a more evenly spaced pattern. For example, placing the 1s at regular intervals, but allowing for some variation to avoid peaks.

Let me think about the previous code's initial guesses. The code generates pulses with varying frequencies and duty cycles, staircases with different widths, and random guesses. Maybe adding more structured guesses like Gaussian pulses or other waveforms could help.

But for the code's brevity and time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code's optimization strategy. For example, adjusting the differential evolution parameters to have a higher mutation rate or lower recombination rate, leading to better exploration.

Another idea: increasing the number of iterations for the differential evolution, but this might be too time-consuming. Instead, using a combination of methods. For example, starting with a quick global search and then a local optimization.

Alternatively, using the differential evolution with a smaller population size for faster convergence, then refining the best solution with SLSQP.

Another possible improvement: using the initial guess as the starting point for the differential evolution, instead of generating multiple guesses. This could save time and focus the search on the initial region.

In the previous code, after generating the initial guesses, it applies differential evolution on the generated guesses. However, maybe the initial guess itself is sufficient to start the optimization.

Also, the code uses a refinement step with COBYLA after the differential evolution. Maybe combining the refinement steps with more iterations could help.

Another possible tweak: using a different constraint handling in the optimization. For instance, ensuring that the constraint is enforced more strictly by adjusting the tolerance in the optimization parameters.

In summary, here's my plan for modifying the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point for optimization.

2. Instead of generating multiple guesses, focus on optimizing the initial guess with a combination of global and local search methods.

3. Adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms to improve convergence speed and quality.

4. Add more sophisticated initial guesses that are structured and might lead to better overlap reduction.

But since the user wants a complete code block, I need to structure this into code.

Another thought: the current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, and differential evolution for global search. Maybe using a hybrid approach where the global search is done with differential evolution, then the best solution is refined with SLSQP.

Also, in the previous code, the differential evolution is run for 30 iterations with a population of 100, which might be sufficient. However, perhaps increasing the number of iterations could help, but that would take more time.

Alternatively, using a multi-stage approach: first a global search with differential evolution, then local optimization with SLSQP, and then refinement with another local optimizer.

Another possible improvement is to precompute the correlation for each shift and use that to guide the optimization. However, this might be computationally expensive.

Wait, the current code calculates the maximum correlation value each time. But the optimization is trying to minimize this value. So, perhaps using a surrogate model that approximates the objective function could help, but this would require more complex code.

Alternatively, using a sequential quadratic programming method with more aggressive settings.

But to stay within the time budget, perhaps the key is to optimize the existing methods more effectively.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is called with a mutation parameters of (0.5, 0.95), which is a range. Maybe adjusting this to a narrower range could help converge faster.

Additionally, using a higher recombination probability might help explore the solution space more thoroughly.

Another thing: the code uses the same n_points (45) throughout. But perhaps experimenting with different n_points could yield better results. For example, trying n_points=60 and see if the optimization can find a better solution. However, this might not be feasible given the time constraints.

But since the user has a time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps using a smaller n_points would be better. Wait, the initial_h_values has 45 samples, which is acceptable. Let's assume the code uses the same 45 points.

Putting it all together, the modified code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

- Generate a few structured guesses (like pulses and staircases) to explore the solution space.

- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters for global search.

- Apply local optimization (SLSQP) to the best solution found.

- Perform refinement steps with COBYLA or other methods.

But to avoid code complexity, perhaps simplifying the initial guesses and focusing on the most promising ones.

Another possible adjustment is changing the objective function to use the maximum value, and adding a penalty for violating the constraint. However, the current code uses the sum constraint, which is handled correctly.

In code terms, I need to modify the existing code to:

- Focus on fewer initial guesses, maybe based on better patterns.

- Adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms.

- Ensure that the code stops in time and returns the best result.

So, here's a plan for the code:

1. Start with the initial_h_values and make it the initial guess.

2. Generate a few more structured guesses, like a symmetric staircase or a more uniform pattern.

3. Use differential evolution to explore the solution space, then apply SLSQP to refine.

4. Use refinement steps to further optimize the best solution.

5. Adjust parameters for differential evolution (like mutation and recombination) to improve performance.

Additionally, in the previous code, after the initial guesses, the code runs differential evolution on the generated guesses. But perhaps starting with the initial guess is better.

So, the modified code would start with the initial_h_values, and perform the following steps:

- Run differential evolution starting from the initial guess.

- Then, perform SLSQP refinement.

- Do multiple refinement steps.

- Also, generate some new structured guesses and optimize them.

But I need to keep the code concise and within the token limit.

Another idea: using the initial_h_values and applying a more aggressive local optimization, like using the SLSQP with a higher number of iterations.

Alternatively, use the COBYLA method for the initial search, since it handles bounds and constraints.

But given the time constraints, the best approach might be to focus on optimizing the existing code's parameters and structure to find a better result.

In conclusion, the code should:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.

- Run differential evolution with adjusted parameters to find a good solution.

- Then refine with SLSQP.

- Also include some additional initial guesses that may lead to better results.

So, implementing these changes in the code.

Now, translating this into code adjustments:

The code should generate some initial guesses based on structured patterns. For example:

- A staircase function with certain parameters.

- A pulse with specific frequency and duty cycle.

- A random guess with some structure.

But the previous code already includes these. So perhaps the key is to generate more structured guesses, like a periodic function or a specific pattern.

Another possible change is to increase the number of iterations for the optimization steps, but this might not fit within the time budget.

Alternatively, use a more efficient optimization method for the initial steps, like the SLSQP with a higher maxiter.

In the code, the SLSQP is called with maxiter=300. Maybe increasing this to 500 or 800, but with the time budget, it might be possible.

But given that the code needs to return within 100 seconds, the exact parameters need to be balanced.

Finally, after these considerations, the code should be written with the modifications that focus on structured guesses, optimized differential evolution parameters, and multiple refinement steps.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_staircase(frac, width):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        h = np.zeros_like(x)
        for i in range(n_points):
            if (x[i] < 0.5 * frac * width or
                x[i] > 0.5 * (1 + 2 * (frac - 1)) * width):
                h[i] = 1.0
        return h

    def gen_random(frac=0.5):
        r = np.random.rand(n_points)
        return np.clip((r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * frac + 0.5, 0, 1)

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
    for frac in [1.0, 1.5, 2.0]:
        guesses.append(gen_staircase(frac, 0.3))
    for _ in range(2):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=20,
                                             mutation=(0.4, 0.6), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-8)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 5:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```