<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The current best is around 0.38085, and the goal is to get lower than that, like 0.380876. 

The previous code uses some heuristic methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. The user wants an improved approach. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the constraints: h has to be a step function with integral 1 over [0,2]. So the sum of h[i] * dx should be 1, where dx is 2/n_points. The overlap integral is computed as the max over k of the convolution of h with (1-h), scaled by dx. 

The previous code starts with an initial guess based on some predefined initial_h_values, then tries different pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random guesses. Then it runs SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. But maybe that's too slow, or not efficient enough.

So, what can be done differently? Maybe using a different optimization strategy. For example, using genetic algorithms or other population-based methods. Or maybe using gradient-based methods with better initializations.

Alternatively, considering the problem's symmetry. Since the integral is over [0,2], maybe the optimal function has some periodic structure or symmetry. For example, maybe the function has certain repeating patterns that minimize the maximum overlap.

Another thought: since the overlap integral is the maximum over k, perhaps the optimal function is designed to have equal overlap for all shifts. Or at least, to balance the overlaps so that none of them are too large.

Also, the current code uses a fixed n_points (maybe 45 as per initial_h_values). But the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe using a lower n_points could lead to faster computation, but with a trade-off in accuracy. However, since the goal is to get a lower C₅ bound, maybe a higher n_points is better. But the time budget is 100 seconds, so perhaps choosing a reasonable n_points, like 100 or 200, would be better.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, but maybe starting from there is not optimal. The user suggests that starting from different initial points could avoid getting stuck in local optima. So perhaps generating multiple initial guesses and running optimization on them, then selecting the best.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP and differential evolution, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a combination of simulated annealing or basin-hopping to escape local minima. Or maybe using gradient-based methods with a better initialization.

Also, the objective function is to minimize the maximum convolution. This is a non-convex optimization problem, and thus finding the global minimum is challenging. The previous approach uses several initial guesses and refines, but maybe there's a smarter way to sample the search space.

Let me think about the structure of the function h. Since h is a step function, it can be represented by a piecewise constant function. So maybe the optimal h is composed of a few intervals where it's 0 or 1, or a combination that balances overlaps.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a covering or packing problem. For example, h needs to cover the interval [0,2] with some non-overlapping regions, but the overlap with shifted versions of h must be minimized. 

Wait, the overlap integral is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. So for each shift k, we want the integral of h(x) multiplied by 1 - h(x+k) to be as small as possible. That is, for each shift k, the overlap between h and its shifted version is small. 

To minimize the maximum of these overlaps, the h function should be designed so that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized. This is similar to designing a function that is "spread out" such that when shifted, the overlap doesn't become too large.

Another approach: the problem is similar to the problem of finding a function h that is as "balanced" as possible in terms of its shifts. For example, a function that has high values in regions that are not overlapping much with other regions when shifted.

Maybe the optimal h is a periodic function with certain properties. For instance, a function that has values alternating between 0 and 1 in such a way that shifting it doesn't create large overlaps. But given the integral constraint, it's not straightforward.

Alternatively, considering that the integral of h is 1, which is half of the interval [0,2], so the function h must have an average value of 0.5. So maybe a function that is 0.5 on a single interval and 0 elsewhere. But that would lead to a high overlap when shifted. 

Wait, for example, if h is 1 on [0,1] and 0 elsewhere, then for a shift k in [0,1], the integral would be ∫₀¹ 1*(1 - 1) dx + ... which might be zero. But for larger shifts, the overlap would be higher. However, the integral over [0,2] would be 1, so h would be 1 on [0,1] and 0 elsewhere. But the maximum overlap would be when k is such that the shifted h overlaps significantly with the original. 

But in this case, if h is over [0,1], then shifting by k in [0,1] would result in overlap. But maybe this is not optimal. 

The previous code's initial guess might be a better starting point. However, the user wants to generate different initial points. Maybe using a different structure for h, like a pulse train with specific frequencies or duty cycles.

Another idea: since the maximum overlap is over all k, perhaps the worst-case k is around the length of the function's support. For example, if the function h is spread out over a certain length, then shifting by that length would result in minimal overlap. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, considering the optimal solution for C₅ is known to be around 0.25, but the current best is 0.38. So perhaps there's a way to design h that has a lower maximum overlap.

Let me think about using symmetry. For example, designing h to be symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], which is 1. So h(x) = h(2 - x). This could potentially reduce the overlap for certain shifts.

Also, considering the problem's relation to the Erdős discrepancy problem. However, not sure how that connects directly.

Another approach: since the overlap is the integral of h(x) times (1 - h(x+k)), which can be rewritten as the integral over x of h(x) - h(x)h(x+k). Then the maximum over k would be the maximum of the integral of h(x) minus the integral of h(x)h(x+k). Since the integral of h(x) is 1, the problem becomes minimizing the maximum of 1 - ∫h(x)h(x+k)dx. Thus, the problem is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫h(x)h(x+k)dx over k. 

So maximizing the minimal overlap between h and itself shifted by k. This seems like a more standard problem. Perhaps the optimal h maximizes the pairwise overlaps for all shifts. 

But how to find such a function? It's still not clear.

Maybe using Fourier analysis. The integral of h(x)h(x+k) can be considered as the convolution of h with itself at position k, scaled appropriately. The maximum over all shifts would be related to the maximum of the convolution. 

But the previous code uses the convolution of h with 1 - h, which is the same as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. So perhaps using Fourier analysis to find the optimal h is possible. However, that might be complicated given the constraints.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm where each individual is a vector of h values, and the fitness is the maximum overlap. Then, perform selection, crossover, and mutation. This could explore different regions of the search space more effectively. 

The previous code tried differential evolution and SLSQP, but maybe adding a genetic algorithm step could help explore more possibilities.

Another point: the previous code starts with initial_h_values, which is provided. Maybe starting from that is good, but to avoid local minima, generating multiple initial guesses is better. For example, taking the initial guess and applying some transformations, like inverting it, or modulating it with different frequencies.

Also, considering that the previous code used a population of guesses made from different pulse, sawtooth, triangle functions. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using different combinations of frequencies and duty cycles, or adding random noise.

Moreover, the time budget is tight (100 seconds), so the code needs to be as efficient as possible. Perhaps using a combination of methods, like starting with a genetic algorithm for a few steps, then switching to SLSQP for refinement.

Wait, the previous code used differential evolution for a few steps, then SLSQP for refinement. Maybe replacing differential evolution with a more efficient method for the initial steps.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method which handles bounds and constraints more efficiently. Or using a limited-memory BFGS (L-BFGS-B) method with bounds.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method. However, for non-smooth functions, SLSQP might not work well. But the objective function here is the maximum of the convolution values, which is non-smooth. So perhaps using a different approach.

Alternatively, using a heuristic that tries to balance the overlaps. For example, iteratively adjusting the h function to reduce the maximum overlap. For instance, identifying the k that currently has the highest overlap, then adjusting h to reduce that overlap. However, this would be a greedy approach and might get stuck in local optima.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, the function must have an average value of 0.5. So, maybe the optimal function is such that it's a binary function (values 0 or 1) with some pattern. But for a step function, that would be a piecewise constant function. 

If we can find such a binary function that balances the overlaps, that would be ideal. For example, a binary function that is 1 on intervals that are separated in such a way that shifting doesn't cause too much overlap. 

But with the integral constraint, if the function is binary, then the lengths of the intervals where it's 1 must sum to 1. So for example, if there are multiple intervals, their total length is 1. The challenge is to arrange these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap with their shifts.

This seems similar to the problem of placing intervals in [0,2] so that their shifts don't overlap too much. However, finding such an arrangement is non-trivial.

Alternatively, considering that the function h can be a union of intervals, each of length l_i, with total length 1. The optimal arrangement would be to have intervals spaced apart so that their shifted versions don't overlap too much. For example, placing intervals with spacing equal to their length. 

But how to model this? For instance, if each interval of length l is spaced such that the next interval starts at l distance from the previous one, then shifting by l would cause the intervals to not overlap. However, since the total length is 1, the number of intervals would be constrained. For example, if we have m intervals of length l, then m*l = 1. The spacing between intervals would need to be adjusted. 

But this is getting too abstract. Let's think back to the code.

The previous code generates guesses for different waveforms, such as pulse, sawtooth, triangle. Maybe generating more structured initial guesses, like binary pulses with varying positions and widths, could lead to better results.

Another approach: using a ternary search on the number of intervals. For example, suppose the optimal h is composed of a certain number of intervals, and we can try different numbers and optimize accordingly. But how to implement this?

Alternatively, considering the problem as a metrization, where each step of the optimization is a refinement. But this might not help directly.

In terms of code modifications, perhaps the key is to use a more efficient optimization strategy, avoid local minima, and have more diverse initial guesses.

The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution. However, differential evolution can be slow for high-dimensional problems. Maybe using a more efficient method for the initial steps.

Alternatively, using a simulated annealing approach with a proper cooling schedule. But simulated annealing is also time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first use a population-based method (like differential evolution) to find a good initial guess, then use SLSQP for local refinement.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution for a few iterations. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but that would take more time. However, with the budget of 100 seconds, the code needs to be efficient.

Another idea: the previous code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. But perhaps the initial_h_values is not the best starting point. Instead, generating a different initial guess could lead to better results. For example, a function that is more spread out. 

For example, instead of a single pulse, a function that has multiple pulses spaced out. Or a sawtooth wave that varies between 0 and 1 with certain parameters.

Another point: the objective function is the maximum of the convolution values. Maybe for the optimization, the code should focus on reducing the largest convolution value first. However, the current code takes the maximum directly as the objective. 

In terms of code structure, perhaps the code can be modified to use a different initial guess generation. For example, generating a function that is more spread out. Also, perhaps using a different method for the initial optimization steps, like using a genetic algorithm.

But given the time constraints and the code's need to be efficient, perhaps the key is to improve the initial guess generation. 

Let me think about how to modify the previous code. The previous code uses several waveform functions (pulse, saw, triangle) with different frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different structures. For example, combining them, or adding more diversity.

Alternatively, using a different method for the initial guesses, like a random binary function with enforced integral constraint. 

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution is to have the function h be such that for every shift k, the overlap is approximately equal. This would suggest that the maximum is minimized. So perhaps the function needs to be designed such that h(x)h(x+k) is as uniform as possible for all k.

This sounds like a beamforming or signal processing problem, where the goal is to find a signal that minimizes the maximum cross-correlation with its shifts. 

In signal processing, such problems are related to designing sequences with low autocorrelation, like in radar or communications. The concept of a "low autocorrelation sequence" might be related. However, the standard low autocorrelation sequences have zero autocorrelation at all shifts except zero. But our problem is different since we have a constraint on the integral of h.

But perhaps using techniques from that field could help. For example, using a sequence designed to have minimal peak autocorrelation. However, this might not directly apply, but the method of generating such sequences (like the Barker codes) might offer inspiration.

For instance, the Barker codes are binary sequences with minimal autocorrelation. The best known are for length 11, with autocorrelation 1. But for our case, since we are dealing with a continuous function, perhaps a similar approach could be taken.

But how to apply this to our problem? Maybe creating a sequence that is binary (0 or 1) with certain patterns that minimize the maximum overlap. However, with the integral constraint, the total number of ones would be 1 (since the integral is 1 over [0,2], and dx is 2/n_points, so sum(h) is n_points/2). So for a binary function, it would be a series of 1s and 0s with exactly n_points/2 ones.

But designing such a sequence is non-trivial. However, perhaps using a binary function with evenly spaced ones and zeros could help. For example, placing the 1s in positions that are spaced apart sufficiently.

But again, this is speculative. Let me think about how to proceed with the code.

The code needs to be efficient, so perhaps focusing on the initial guesses and initial optimization steps. Let's consider modifying the initial guess generation to include more diverse patterns.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with various waveforms. Maybe adding some binary patterns would help. For example, generating a binary function where 1s are spaced apart in certain ways.

Another idea: since the problem has a high dimensionality (number of points), the optimization is challenging. Gradient-based methods might get stuck in local optima, so using a population-based method like differential evolution or genetic algorithms could be better.

But the previous code uses differential evolution for a few steps. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution, or using a larger population, could help. However, this may consume more time.

Alternatively, using a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP steps. For example, using differential evolution to find a good solution, then fine-tuning with SLSQP. 

In the previous code, after generating several initial guesses, it applies SLSQP to refine them. Then, it does some differential evolution steps, and then more refinement steps with SLSQP. 

Maybe that's a good approach. However, the user's previous program had a C5 bound of 0.381142, and the target is to get below 0.380876. So perhaps a small improvement is needed. 

Possible modifications:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses to explore more of the search space. For example, generate more diverse waveforms and binary patterns.

2. Use different optimization methods for different stages. For example, do a global exploration phase with differential evolution, then a local refinement phase with SLSQP.

3. Adjust the hyperparameters, like the mutation and recombination rates in differential evolution, to find a better balance between exploration and exploitation.

4. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point, but also try other guesses that are variations of it. For example, inverting the value of certain points, or shifting the pattern.

5. Include more structured guesses, like binary functions with certain patterns, which might lead to better overlaps.

Let me think about how to implement these ideas in code.

For instance, generating some binary patterns with the correct integral. For example, a binary function that is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, spaced apart. 

Another idea: using a genetic algorithm with a custom mutation and crossover to evolve better solutions. However, implementing a full genetic algorithm could be time-consuming, but perhaps using a library like DEAP.

But the user allows using scipy and numpy, and the previous code uses scipy.optimize. So maybe using differential evolution with a better setup.

Alternatively, trying to use the previous code's approach but with more initial guesses and better tuning of the optimization parameters.

Another point: the previous code generates several guesses, then refines them with SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe adding more guesses, especially more structured ones, could help.

For example, in addition to the pulse, saw, and triangle functions, adding binary patterns generated by specific rules. 

Another idea: the function h can be represented as a vector of values, and the overlap integral depends on the convolution. Perhaps the code can precompute the convolution for various h functions to find the maximum, but that's what the code is already doing.

So, perhaps the key is to generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, adding a binary pattern where 1s are placed in a structured way. For instance, a binary function where the 1s are placed at positions that are equally spaced. 

But with the integral constraint, the number of 1s is fixed. For example, if the function is 1 at every other point, that would give an average value of 0.5, which meets the constraint. However, such a function would have high overlaps for shifts of 1. 

Alternatively, placing the 1s at positions that are spread out as much as possible.

But how to generate such a pattern algorithmically. For example, for n_points even, placing 1s at the first half of the points, then 0s, then 1s again, etc. But this might not be optimal.

Another approach is to generate a random binary pattern with the correct number of 1s and refine it with optimization. But this is what the previous code does with the gen_random function.

Perhaps modifying the previous code's initial guesses to include more such patterns.

In terms of code, the previous code's initial guesses include various waveforms. Adding a few binary patterns could help.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values and generate variations of it. For example, inverting some of the values, or modulating it with a sine wave.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as a base and applying different transformations to create new initial guesses. 

But considering the time constraints, perhaps focusing on adjusting the existing code to generate more initial guesses and using a more efficient optimization strategy.

Let me think about the code structure again. Here's a plan:

- Start with the initial_h_values provided.

- Generate several initial guesses using different waveforms (pulse, saw, triangle) with various frequencies and duty cycles.

- Also generate some random binary patterns (as in gen_random) to add diversity.

- Use differential evolution with a larger population and more iterations to explore the search space.

- After obtaining several candidate solutions, refine them with SLSQP to find local optima.

- Finally, perform further refinements with SLSQP.

This approach combines global exploration and local optimization.

Now, let's think about how to implement this in code.

In the previous code, the gen_pulse, gen_saw, gen_tri functions are used to create initial guesses. The gen_random function creates a random guess. 

Perhaps adding more functions to generate structured guesses. For example, generating a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 otherwise. For instance, generating a function with multiple pulses spaced in a certain way.

For example, the code could generate a function with two pulses, each of certain width, spaced apart. This might reduce the overlap when shifted.

Another idea: generate functions that are combinations of pulses. For example, a pulse train with duty cycles and frequencies that are chosen to minimize the overlap.

But creating such functions algorithmically could be complex. 

Alternatively, using the waveforms and adjusting their parameters. For example, varying the frequency and duty cycle in the pulse and saw functions.

Moreover, the previous code uses a fixed set of frequencies. Maybe expanding the frequencies to more values could provide better initial guesses.

But this could exponentially increase the number of guesses, which may not be feasible within the time budget. So need to balance diversity and computational cost.

In code, perhaps generate more guesses by varying the frequencies and duty cycles more thoroughly.

Another point: the previous code uses 5 iterations of generating random guesses. Maybe increasing that number could help, but it may take more time. 

Now, to summarize, the plan is to:

1. Generate a large number of structured initial guesses, varying frequencies, duty cycles, and other parameters.

2. Use differential evolution for global search.

3. Use SLSQP for local refinement.

4. Refine the best candidate with further SLSQP steps.

In terms of code implementation:

- The initial guesses include the initial_h_values, plus several waveforms with different parameters.

- The code uses differential evolution with a specified population size and max iterations.

- Then, for each candidate solution from differential evolution, run SLSQP to refine.

- Perform multiple refinements.

But the previous code already does this. So the key is to improve the initial guesses and the differential evolution parameters.

Another possible improvement is to use the initial_h_values and other guesses, but also to include more structured guesses such as binary patterns. For example, creating a binary function with a certain number of 1s and 0s arranged to minimize overlap.

However, generating such a function would require a certain algorithm. For example, placing the 1s as far apart as possible.

For instance, for n_points even, placing the 1s at the first half of the points (every other point if n_points is even). Wait, but the sum of h must be n_points/2. So for example, for n_points=45, sum h is 22.5. So if the function is binary, there are 22 or 23 ones. 

But arranging them to be as spread out as possible. For example, distributing the 1s evenly. 

This can be done by creating a function where each point is 1 if its index modulo m is less than k, where m and k are chosen to spread out the 1s. But this is just one way to do it.

However, generating such a function algorithmically could be done. For example, for a given n_points, generate a binary pattern where the 1s are spaced out as much as possible.

For example, for n_points=45, we need 22 or 23 ones. Let's say 22 ones. Then, we can spread them out by placing them every 2.05 points (45/22 ≈ 2.045). 

But how to generate this in code? One way is to create a binary array where every other point is 1, but that might not be optimal. Alternatively, using a method like placing the 1s in a regularly spaced manner.

In Python, this could be done with a function like:

def gen_binary_spread(n_points, num_ones):
    indices = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
    # Select points at certain positions
    # For example, points at intervals of (n_points / num_ones)
    # But this needs to be done carefully to ensure the sum is correct.

But creating such a function might be complex. 

Alternatively, since the user allows generating the initial guesses algorithmically, perhaps using a helper function to generate spread-out binary patterns.

However, given the time constraints and the need for code brevity, perhaps not adding this and focusing on existing methods is better.

So, perhaps the key is to improve the existing code by:

- Using more initial guesses with varied parameters (more frequencies, different duty cycles).

- Adjusting the parameters for differential evolution and SLSQP to improve convergence.

- Increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution and SLSQP.

But given the time budget, the code must be efficient. 

Another idea: using a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP, but with a better initial guess. For example, first running differential evolution with a lower population size and then refining with SLSQP.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as a starting point and running SLSQP with multiple restarts.

But without knowing the optimal parameters, it's challenging. 

Another approach is to consider that the maximum overlap is achieved at certain shifts. For example, shifts that are equal to the length of the interval where h is non-zero. Hence, the function should be designed such that when shifted by this length, the overlap is minimized. This might suggest that h has a certain symmetry or does not overlap much with itself when shifted by the length of its support.

For example, if the support of h is [a, a + l], then shifting by l would result in overlap with [a + l, a + 2l]. If the support is within [0,2], then l should be chosen so that a + 2l ≤ 2. 

But this is getting too vague. 

In terms of code, the only concrete change I can think of is to generate more initial guesses and adjust the parameters of the optimization methods. For example, increasing the number of guesses, changing the mutation rate in differential evolution, or adjusting the max iterations.

Based on the previous code, here's how I could modify it:

1. Increase the number of guesses by adding more waveforms with varied parameters.

2. Adjust the differential evolution parameters to have a larger population or more iterations.

3. Increase the number of refinement steps with SLSQP.

But since the previous code already has a certain structure, I need to implement these changes in code.

Another consideration: the previous code uses a target_sum of n_points / 2. The initial_h_values already satisfies this. So any generated guesses must also satisfy this by construction.

For example, the gen_pulse, gen_saw, gen_tri functions generate functions with average value 0.5, so their sum would be roughly n_points * 0.5, which meets the constraint. The gen_random function also clips the values to ensure the sum is correct. 

But the code for gen_random may not ensure the sum exactly matches the target_sum. So to ensure that, perhaps adjusting the gen_random function to normalize the sum.

For example:

def gen_random():
    r = np.random.rand(n_points)
    r -= np.mean(r)
    r /= np.std(r)
    r = (r * 0.5) + 0.5
    r = np.clip(r, 0, 1)
    r = r * (n_points/2) / np.sum(r)
    return r

But this would adjust the random values to have the correct sum. However, this adds more computation. 

But the current gen_random function does a normalization by taking (r - mean) / std * 0.5 + 0.5, then clipping. However, this may not result in the correct sum. Hence, generating random guesses may not meet the sum constraint, which is critical. 

Therefore, the code for gen_random needs to be adjusted to ensure the sum is exactly target_sum. 

So, this is a possible improvement point. The code currently may not guarantee that the generated guesses have the correct sum, leading to possible errors in the optimization. 

To fix this, the gen_random function should generate a vector that is normalized to have sum target_sum. 

Thus, modifying gen_random to be:

def gen_random():
    r = np.random.rand(n_points)
    r = r / np.sum(r) * target_sum
    return r

But this would create a probability vector, but it may not ensure that the values are within [0,1]. So clipping is needed. 

Alternatively, generating a vector of random values in [0,1], then scaling it so that the sum is target_sum. 

For example:

def gen_random():
    r = np.random.rand(n_points)
    r = r / np.sum(r) * target_sum
    r = np.clip(r, 0, 1)
    return r

But this may cause some values to exceed 1, which would be clipped. However, this is not guaranteed to work for all cases. 

Alternatively, generate a vector of random values, and then scale it appropriately. 

But this is just an example. Regardless, ensuring that the generated guesses have the correct sum is important. 

So, this is a possible area for improvement in the code. 

Other improvements:

- Using more optimized functions for generating initial guesses.

- Adjusting the parameters for the optimization methods (like allowing more iterations for SLSQP and differential evolution).

- Using a combination of different optimization techniques.

But given the time constraints, the code must be concise and efficient. 

In conclusion, the key steps to improve the previous code would be:

- Ensure that all initial guesses meet the sum constraint.

- Generate a larger number of diverse initial guesses.

- Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods to improve convergence.

- Refine the best solution with multiple SLSQP steps.

Now, translating these thoughts into code.

The code will start with the initial_h_values, generate several initial guesses using various waveforms and random patterns, use differential evolution with a larger population, then refine with SLSQP. 

But given the time, I'll have to write the code now.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_tri(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.abs(np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x))
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_binary_spread(num_ones):
        h = np.zeros(n_points)
        for i in range(num_ones):
            h[i] = 1
        return h

    def gen_random():
        r = np.random.rand(n_points)
        r = r / np.sum(r) * target_sum
        r = np.clip(r, 0, 1)
        return r

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 10, 12]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.4))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.5))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(6):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```