<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code tried using SLSQP and differential evolution with various initial guesses. But maybe there's a better approach. Let me think about what's different here.

The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876, which is very close. So the goal is to get even lower. The previous code used initial_h_values with 45 points. Maybe I can start from that, but perhaps explore different structures.

Hmm, the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So maybe I can model this as an optimization problem where I want to minimize the maximum of these integrals.

But how to approach that? The previous code used a combination of different functions, like pulse, sawtooth, triangular. Maybe there's a better way to parameterize the function h. Maybe using a more structured form, like a piecewise constant function with specific intervals.

Also, the previous code used a lot of random guesses and tried to refine them. Maybe a better approach is to use a more systematic method, like simulated annealing or something else. Wait, but the code budget is limited to 100 seconds. So perhaps using a combination of genetic algorithms and local optimization.

Alternatively, maybe use a different starting point. The initial_h_values is given, but maybe modifying it by adding some periodicity or adjusting the peaks. Let me think: the optimal function should have some symmetry or periodic structure to minimize the overlap.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is a function that evenly distributes the mass over different intervals, making sure that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. So maybe using a function that has multiple peaks, but spaced in a way that avoids overlaps when shifted.

But how to model that? For example, maybe using a multi-level structure with regular spacing. For instance, if the function is periodic with certain periods, then shifts by those periods would result in overlaps that can be controlled.

Wait, the initial_h_values have 45 points. Let me think about the current approach. The previous code tried various pulses, sawtooths, and random guesses, then refined them with SLSQP. Maybe I can try different initial structures, like a more regular pattern, or using a Fourier-based approach to modulate the function.

Alternatively, maybe using a piecewise function with specific intervals. For example, dividing the [0,2] interval into segments and setting h to 1 or 0 in those segments. But since the integral must be 1, it's a balance between coverage.

But the problem allows h to be a step function, so maybe even more structured. However, the previous code uses a step function represented as samples. So perhaps using a more regular pattern in the h array.

Another thought: the maximum overlap occurs for certain k values. So maybe the optimal h is designed such that for these k's, the overlap is minimized. So, perhaps focusing on minimizing the overlap for specific shifts that are critical.

Alternatively, maybe using a gradient-based method with constraints. But the previous code used SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. So maybe the problem is that it's getting stuck in a local minimum. So, maybe using a global optimization method early on, followed by local refinement.

Wait, the previous code used differential evolution for some steps. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or varying the parameters in differential evolution could help. But the code's time is limited.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps it's related to the concept of discrepancy. So, trying to minimize the discrepancy between h and 1 - h shifted by different k's.

Alternatively, think of it as a game where the adversary chooses the shift k to maximize the overlap, and we need to design h to minimize the worst-case overlap. This is similar to a minimax problem.

But how to model this in practice. The previous code uses numerical optimization, which is feasible but might not be sufficient for finding a better bound.

Another idea: maybe using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using coordinate descent, where each point of h is adjusted iteratively while maintaining the integral constraint. But this requires careful handling to avoid getting trapped in local minima.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm with better selection criteria. However, genetic algorithms can be slow, and with the time budget, perhaps not feasible.

Wait, the previous code used differential evolution, which is a global optimization method. Maybe that's the way to go. But the code's current approach might not be fully exploiting the potential of DE. Let me think about how to parameterize the problem differently.

Another idea: the function h is over [0, 2], and the overlap integral depends on the integral over the entire space. So, for each shift k, the integral is over x where both h(x) and 1 - h(x +k) are non-zero. Maybe the worst case occurs when the shift k is such that the supports of h and 1 - h(x +k) overlap maximally.

Alternatively, if we can model h as a union of intervals where it's 1, and the rest is 0, then the overlap can be computed as the area of the intersection between the intervals of h and the intervals of 1 - h shifted by k. But this is a discrete case, and the optimal h might not be piecewise constant. However, perhaps the optimal h is a combination of such intervals.

But the previous code uses a continuous representation. Maybe there's a way to generate h that is piecewise constant with certain intervals, which could be optimized more effectively.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal h is periodic. For example, if h is designed to be periodic with period T, then shifts that are multiples of T would have overlapping regions that can be controlled. But given that the integral is over [0,2], the period might need to be chosen carefully.

Wait, the problem is defined on [0,2], so any periodic function would have to fit into that interval. Maybe making h have some symmetry or periodicity that helps in balancing the overlap.

But how to implement this in code? Maybe by generating h with a certain pattern that repeats every certain interval, adjusted to fit the [0,2] domain.

Another idea: using a function that has a certain "spread" in the values. For example, a function that is 1 in certain regions and 0 in others, but to minimize the overlap when shifted. However, the integral constraint requires that the total area is 1.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a covering problem, where h is designed to cover certain parts of the interval, and 1 - h is designed to avoid overlap when shifted.

But I'm not sure how to translate that into code. Let's think about the current approach. The previous code uses an initial guess based on the initial_h_values and then tries various functions as initial points. Maybe trying a different initial structure would be better. For instance, using a function that is 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

For example, if h is 1 in three intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged symmetrically. But with the integral constraint, that would require each interval to have area 1/3. However, the exact placement needs to be optimized.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 with some density and 0 elsewhere, but with a certain frequency. For instance, a pulse train with specific spacing.

But how to model this in code. Maybe using Fourier series or other methods to construct h. However, that might be complex.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization approach, like a hybrid of genetic algorithm and local search, but within the time constraints.

Wait, the previous code used differential evolution, which is suitable for global optimization. Maybe increasing the popsize or adjusting mutation parameters could help. But with time constraints, perhaps it's better to use a more effective strategy.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values might be suboptimal. Maybe generating a better initial guess by using a structured approach, like placing the function h in a way that it's spread out and has certain symmetries.

Another thought: the overlap integral for a given k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. If we can find a h that makes this integral small for all k, then the maximum over k would be minimized. This is equivalent to minimizing the maximum inner product between h and 1 - h shifted by k.

But what's the relationship between h and these shifts? For example, if h is designed to avoid being too similar to 1 - h shifted by any k.

Alternatively, think of it as a convolution. Since the overlap integral for shift k is the convolution of h with (1 - h) evaluated at k. So the problem is to minimize the maximum value of this convolution over all k. Wait, but the convolution is over different k's. However, the integral is across x, so the convolution would be for k being the shift.

Wait, the integral ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx over x from 0 to 2. Let's consider that when x + k is beyond 2, the integration might be adjusted. But the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which includes all possible shifts. But for the problem, perhaps the relevant k's are those for which x +k is in [0, 2], so k ranges from -2 to +2. However, the code takes the maximum over all these shifts.

But the exact k values that contribute to the maximum depends on the function h.

Alternatively, perhaps the maximum occurs at specific values of k where the overlap is the largest. So if we can find h that minimizes the overlap at these critical k's, the maximum would be reduced.

But how to find those critical k's. Maybe it's challenging, so the optimization approach is needed.

Back to the code. The previous code uses an initial guess and then tries various functions as initial points, then applies differential evolution and SLSQP refinement. The problem is that it might be stuck in a local minimum. To improve, perhaps using more diverse initial guesses or a different optimization strategy.

Another approach is to use a multi-start optimization with a variety of initial points, and then select the best. However, generating more initial points could be time-consuming.

Alternatively, perhaps using Bayesian optimization, which balances exploration and exploitation. However, implementing that might be complex.

Given time constraints, maybe the best approach is to adapt the previous code by adjusting the initial guesses and optimization parameters. For example, generating more structured initial functions, like those with regular spacing or periodic patterns, and using a combination of global and local optimizations.

Let me think about generating initial guesses. The previous code generates pulse, sawtooth, and triangular waves with different frequencies. Maybe adding more structures, like custom patterns or using a different waveform.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of multiple pulses or other shapes. But how to generate those.

Another idea: using a function that is 1 in certain points and 0 elsewhere, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, placing the 1s in positions that are spread out, so that shifting them by any amount doesn't cause significant overlap.

But how to model that in code. For instance, generating a function h that is 1 at certain points and 0 otherwise, but with the integral constraint. This would be a binary function. However, the previous code's initial_h_values are likely not binary, but they are samples.

But perhaps using a binary function as an initial guess could be better. For example, placing the 1s in positions that are spread out. Let's say n_points = 45. If we split the interval [0,2] into 45 points, each 2/45 apart. Then, placing the 1s in positions that are as far apart as possible. For example, placing the 1s at positions spaced by 2/(number of pulses). But this requires careful calculation.

Alternatively, using a greedy algorithm to place the 1s in the positions that give the minimal overlap when shifted. But this is again optimization.

But for the code, maybe generating a binary initial guess by placing the 1s in positions that are spread out. For example, using a certain number of intervals where h is 1, arranged to minimize overlap.

But perhaps the initial_h_values provided are already a good starting point. Maybe modifying it by adding some structure to it.

Alternatively, using a different approach for generating initial guesses. For example, using a Fourier series with certain coefficients. However, this might be complex.

Alternatively, consider that the problem is similar to designing a function with minimal maximum correlation with its shifted versions. This might be related to the concept of a "flat" function in Fourier domain, which has minimal correlation with its shifts. So, perhaps designing h to have a flat Fourier transform would help minimize the overlap.

But how to translate that into a step function. The Fourier transform of a step function can be complex, but perhaps using a function with certain properties, like being a sum of sinusoids with appropriate frequencies and amplitudes. However, this would require solving an optimization problem in the frequency domain.

But this seems more abstract and might not be straightforward to implement within the time constraints.

Back to the code structure. The previous code uses a few initial guesses, then runs differential evolution and refining with SLSQP. Perhaps adjusting the parameters of these steps could help. For example, increasing the number of generations in differential evolution or using a different population size.

Another idea: using a different optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP for refinement. Maybe using a different method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is derivative-free, could help escape local minima.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For instance, first doing a global search with differential evolution, then refining with SLSQP.

But time is limited. Let's think about the code structure. The previous code had a few steps: initial guess, generate various function guesses, apply differential evolution, then refine with SLSQP.

Perhaps changing the way the guesses are generated. For example, instead of generating random guesses, generate more systematic guesses based on known structures.

Another idea: using a function that is the sum of several shifted versions of a base function. For example, a function that has multiple peaks spaced periodically. This could help in distributing the mass evenly, thus minimizing overlap.

But how to implement that. Let's say we have a base function that is 1 in a certain interval and 0 otherwise. Then, shifting it by certain amounts and adding them up. But with the integral constraint, the sum of the areas has to be 1.

Alternatively, using a function that is a sum of multiple pulses with certain parameters. This could be optimized for minimizing the overlap.

Another approach: the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum of several functions. So, maybe using a constraint satisfaction approach where the maximum is minimized. However, this is an optimization problem.

In the code, the current approach uses the objective function as the maximum of the correlations, which is non-smooth and difficult for gradient-based methods. So maybe using a surrogate model or other approximations could help, but implementing that might be complex.

Alternatively, using a penalty method to approximate the max function. For example, minimizing the max of the correlations plus a penalty for violating the constraints.

But this is what the previous code already does with the max function in the objective.

Hmm. So, perhaps the bottleneck is the initial approach's inability to find a good enough solution. Let me think about the initial_h_values. If the initial guess is a good starting point, maybe refining it with better optimization steps would yield better results.

The previous code uses SLSQP with a certain tolerance. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerances could help. However, this might not be feasible within the time budget.

Alternatively, using a more effective optimization library. The previous code uses scipy.optimize, which is good, but perhaps using a different solver, like IPOPT, which is more efficient for constrained optimization. However, the code is constrained by the availability of solvers. For example, in the problem statement, the user can use CVXOPT, Gurobi, etc. But the previous code uses scipy's SLSQP.

Wait, the problem says: "Use scipy, numpy, cvxpy[CBC,CVXOPT,GLOP,GLPK,GUROBI,MOSEK,PDLP,SCIP,XPRESS,ECOS], math". So, maybe using CVXOPT or another solver would be better.

But how to implement that. For example, using CVXOPT's solvers for constrained optimization. But implementing that would require setting up the problem in a form compatible with CVXOPT. However, given the time, this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, using a combination of global and local optimization with more efficient parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution and using a higher mutation rate.

Another idea: the previous code uses n=45, which is a bit high for the 1k samples preference. Maybe trying with smaller n_points. For example, n_points=50 or 60, but the code is supposed to return the h_values. But the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. However, the previous code uses 45 samples, which is acceptable.

Alternatively, trying with a smaller n_points, say n=50 or 60. But if the initial_h_values is for n=45, maybe that's fixed. However, the code is supposed to use the initial_h_values as a starting point. So perhaps the n_points is fixed as the length of initial_h_values.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided as a global variable. So the code uses that length. So the code must use that. So the n_points is fixed based on the initial_h_values.

So, with that in mind, the code must work with that n_points. So the previous code uses n=45 samples.

Now, to improve the previous approach, perhaps generating more initial guesses based on different structures. For example, using functions with different frequency components, like a combination of multiple pulses, or different waveforms.

Alternatively, combining the initial guesses with some structured patterns. For instance, using a function that is 1 in three intervals, each of length 2/3, but that might not satisfy the integral constraint.

Alternatively, using a grid search over parameters for generating structured functions, like pulse trains. But again, time is limited.

Another idea: the overlap integral is maximized when h and 1-h shifted by k overlap as much as possible. So, to minimize this, the function should have regions where it is 1 and 0 in a way that shifting it doesn't allow for much overlap. This could be achieved by making the function h have a "spread" across the interval so that areas where h is 1 are not adjacent to areas where 1-h is 1 when shifted.

But how to model this. For example, if h is 1 in regions that are spaced out, then shifting it by any amount won't cause the regions to overlap much. However, this is similar to a periodic function with a certain period.

Alternatively, imagine that h is designed so that the function 1-h is a shifted version of h, but that would likely not be possible. However, the goal is to minimize the maximum overlap.

Another approach is to consider the problem as a semi-infinite optimization problem, where the objective is to minimize the maximum over k of the overlap integral. This is difficult to solve directly, but numerical methods can approximate it.

In the previous code, the optimization is done by evaluating the maximum of the correlations. But this max is non-differentiable, which makes gradient-based methods challenging. The use of SLSQP and differential evolution aims to handle this.

Perhaps improving the code by adding more initial guesses and using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a more diverse set of initial guesses and/or better refinement steps.

Alternatively, using a different strategy for generating initial guesses. For example, using a Fourier-based approach to generate functions with certain properties.

But I'm not sure. Given the time constraints, perhaps modifying the previous code to include more structured initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters could help.

Let me think about the previous code's initial guesses. It uses the initial_h_values, and then generates pulses, sawtooth, triangular waves for various frequencies, and some random guesses. Maybe adding more structured guesses, like waveforms with specific parameters, could help.

For example, using a function that is a combination of multiple pulses. Or using a function with more complex shapes.

Another idea: using the initial_h_values and modifying it by adding a periodic component. For example, adding a sine wave with certain amplitude to it, to spread out the function's values.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values and applying a transformation that makes it more spread out, like a smooth interpolation or a scaling.

But without knowing the initial_h_values structure, it's hard to say. However, the initial_h_values is provided, so maybe we can assume it's a good starting point.

In the previous code, after generating the initial guesses, it runs differential evolution and then refines with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution and the number of refinement steps would help. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, this needs to be balanced.

Another idea: using a better mutation strategy in differential evolution. For example, using the best individual from the population as part of the mutation process. Or using a higher mutation rate to explore the search space more.

Alternatively, using a different type of optimization, like genetic algorithms with a custom crossover and mutation, but this might be complex.

In conclusion, to improve upon the previous code, perhaps the main steps are:

1. Generate more diverse and structured initial guesses, possibly including waveforms with specific properties.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization steps (number of iterations, population size, mutation rate) to better explore the search space.
3. Use a combination of global and local optimization methods to refine the solution.
4. Ensure that the refinement steps are efficient and effective.

Given that, I can modify the previous code's initial guess generation and optimization parameters. For example, adding more initial guesses with different structures, and using a more aggressive differential evolution setup.

Additionally, perhaps using a better starting point by applying some transformation to the initial_h_values. For instance, applying a Gaussian blur or adjusting it to be more spread out.

But without knowing the exact initial_h_values, it's hard to say, but the code can assume that initial_h_values is provided and should be used.

Another possible adjustment: using the initial_h_values as the first guess, then running differential evolution with higher parameters, then refining with SLSQP.

So, in the code, after generating the initial guesses, the code runs differential evolution. Perhaps increasing the mutation parameters or popsize.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code generates a list of guesses, then for each guess, runs SLSQP. Then runs differential evolution with those guesses, then refines. Maybe adding more guesses or changing the way they are generated.

To make the code more concise and effective, perhaps simplifying the initial guess generation and focusing on better optimization steps.

In the end, the code needs to return the best h_values found, along with the c5_bound and n_points.

Given all that, I'll proceed to code a version that:

- Uses the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Generates additional structured initial guesses.
- Uses differential evolution with adjusted parameters.
- Refines with a more aggressive SLSQP.
- Includes more structured guesses to escape local optima.

Now, translating this into code. The previous code already has some of these elements, but adjusting the parameters and initial guesses could help.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_tri(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.abs(np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x))
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        r = np.random.rand(n_points)
        return np.clip((r - np.mean(r)) / np.std(r) * 0.5 + 0.5, 0, 1)

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 10, 12]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.4))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.5))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        try:
            res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                   constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                                   options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
            return res.x if res.success else g
        except:
            return g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        try:
            res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                   constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                                   options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
            return res.x if res.success else r
        except:
            return r

    for _ in range(6):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```