<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to improve the upper bound for C₅, the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get even lower, like 0.380876 or better. The previous approach used a combination of optimization methods: starting from an initial guess, using SLSQP, differential evolution, and then BFGS refinement. But maybe there's a way to do better.

Hmm. The problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)) dx, and we need to take the maximum of these over all k. The goal is to find the h that makes this maximum as small as possible.

The previous code used an initial guess and then optimized with various methods, but perhaps there's a smarter way to approach this. Let me think about the constraints and the objective function.

First, the function h must be a step function with a certain number of points. The integral of h over [0,2] is 1, which means the area under h is fixed. The challenge is to shape h so that for any shift k, the overlap between h and 1 - h is minimized.

I remember that for similar problems, especially in optimization, using more efficient algorithms with better parameter tuning can make a difference. Also, maybe there's a way to use a different starting point. The initial_h_values provided might be a starting point, but perhaps randomizing or generating different initial configurations could help avoid local optima.

Wait, the previous approach tried generating several initial guesses with random ones and ones with a certain number of 1s. Maybe that's not enough. What if we use a different strategy for initialization? Like, perhaps creating a more structured initial guess, such as a periodic pattern, or a combination of intervals where h is 0 or 1, and then optimize from there?

Another thought: the problem involves minimizing the maximum over all possible shifts. This is a maximin problem, which can be challenging. The previous approach uses the max of the correlation, which is equivalent to the maximum overlap for each shift. However, perhaps there's a way to model this more directly, using constraints that ensure that for all shifts k, the overlap is below a certain threshold. But that would require a lot of constraints, which might be computationally infeasible.

Alternatively, maybe a better way is to use a different optimization method that's more effective for this type of problem. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe using a global optimization method with better mutation strategies, or combining with local refinements.

Wait, maybe using a genetic algorithm approach could help explore the search space more effectively. But the previous code tried differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm. Maybe adjusting the parameters of differential evolution or using a different strategy could help.

Another angle: since the problem has a fixed integral constraint, perhaps we can model it as a constrained optimization problem where we try to minimize the maximum overlap. However, the maximum is a non-convex function, making it hard for standard convex optimization methods. Hence, heuristic approaches are needed.

In the previous code, the objective function was the max of the correlation, which is evaluated as the max of the convolution. The correlation is computed using np.correlate, and then multiplied by dx. The idea is to find h that minimizes this maximum value.

Perhaps the previous approach could be improved by using a more efficient way to compute the maximum overlap. For example, instead of using np.correlate, compute all possible shifts and take the max. But the code already does that.

Another possible improvement: the initial_h_values is given, but starting from that might not be the best. Maybe generating a different initial guess, such as a uniform distribution or some structured pattern, could lead to better results.

Wait, the user's note says that the previous program achieved a C₅ of 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. So there's a small margin. Maybe tweaking the optimization parameters, like increasing the number of iterations or using a different optimization method.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization algorithm. For instance, using a combination of local and global optimization. For example, running differential evolution first to find a good starting point, then using a local optimizer like SLSQP with tighter constraints.

Wait, in the previous code, after differential evolution, they tried SLSQP from the DE result. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could help. Also, maybe using a different method for local refinement.

Another thought: the problem has a 1D nature. Maybe there's a way to exploit symmetry or periodicity in the optimal h function. For example, if h is designed to have a certain periodicity that minimizes overlaps for various shifts.

But designing such a function might be complex. Alternatively, using a piecewise constant function with a specific number of intervals, and trying to find the optimal breakpoints.

But given that the previous code uses a fixed number of sample points (n_points), maybe the number of points is too small. However, the user mentioned that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The current initial_h_values has n_points=45, which is manageable.

Wait, the user says the previous code used initial_h_values with n=45. The current code may need to use a different number of points. But the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. So maybe using a lower n_points could be better, but the initial H might have to be adjusted. However, the initial_h_values is given, so we can't change that. Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, so the code uses that n_points. But the code could switch to a different starting point with a different n_points. Wait, but the code needs to be compatible with the initial_h_values, which is a given.

Wait, the user says that the code should start from the current construction, which is accessed through initial_h_values. So the code has to use that initial_h_values. So the n_points is fixed as len(initial_h_values). So the code can't change that. Hence, we need to work with that.

So the approach should be to optimize the given initial_h_values, perhaps with better optimization techniques.

Another idea: the previous code used the L-BFGS-B method for local refinement, but perhaps using other local methods like COBYLA or SLSQP with different settings could yield better results.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess. For example, perturbing the initial guess slightly to avoid local optima. The previous code generated random initial guesses by randomly placing 1s and some 0s. Maybe that's not sufficient. Perhaps a better way to generate initial guesses is to sample from a different distribution, such as a random permutation of 0s and 1s with the required sum.

Alternatively, using a more structured approach for the initial guess. For example, creating a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that spreads out the 1s as much as possible. But how to translate that into code?

Another angle: the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap. This is similar to the problem of designing a set of intervals where the overlap is minimized, but in a continuous setting. Perhaps a better way is to model the problem as a variational problem, but that might be too abstract for numerical optimization.

Let me think about the current approach. The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP, differential evolution, and BFGS. But perhaps there's a way to make the optimization more efficient by using more aggressive steps or better parameter tuning.

In the code, the differential evolution is called with popsize=50 and maxiter=300. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but that would take more time. However, the code has a time budget of 100 seconds, so need to balance between time and quality.

Another possible optimization: since the objective function is the maximum of the correlation values, maybe focusing on the worst-case shifts. For example, during optimization, if the current solution has a high overlap at a certain shift, maybe the algorithm could prioritize reducing that particular shift. However, this would need a more complex objective function.

Alternatively, maybe using a penalty method where the objective function is a weighted sum of the overlaps, but the previous code uses the maximum directly. However, the maximum is non-smooth, which complicates optimization.

Another thought: the previous code uses the max of the correlation as the objective. But the correlation for each shift is the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x +k))dx. However, when computing the correlation, the mode is 'full', which gives all possible shifts. For example, for a function h of length N, the full correlation would have length 2N-1. However, the code uses the maximum of those values, which includes all shifts from -N+1 to N-1. But in reality, for the interval [0,2], the shifts that matter are those that result in overlapping intervals. For example, shifting by k in [0,2] may not be all possible shifts, but the code considers all possible shifts.

Wait, the code computes the full correlation, which includes all possible shifts. However, the maximum value of the integral might be achieved for certain shifts. However, in the problem statement, the integral is over the overlapping region. For example, if k is such that x +k is outside [0,2], then the integral would be over the overlapping part. However, the code uses the full correlation, which may not account for that. Wait, no—the code uses the full correlation, which for a discrete signal, gives the inner product of h and 1-h shifted by different amounts. But when the support of the functions overlap, the integral is computed. However, the code uses the full correlation, which might include shifts that cause the functions to overlap less. So perhaps the code correctly captures all necessary shifts.

Alternatively, maybe there's a mistake here. Let me think: for the original problem, the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. However, when k is such that x + k is outside [0,2], the function 1 - h(x +k) is not defined. Wait, no—the original problem is defined for x in [0,2], and k is a real number. But in the code, when using discretized samples, the shift is applied to the discretized h, leading to possible out-of-bound indices. However, in the code, the correlation is computed with mode='full', which would result in a longer array. For the purpose of the problem, the integral for a shift k is over the intersection of [0,2] and [x -k, x -k + ... ]? Hmm, maybe not. The code's approach may not be accurate for the continuous case, but since it's a discretization, perhaps it's acceptable as an approximation.

In any case, the code is using the discrete correlation to approximate the integral. So the code is likely correct for the purpose of the problem.

So to improve this, maybe the code can be adjusted by using a different optimization method or parameter choices. Let's think about the numerical optimization aspects.

The previous code uses SLSQP with a method that's suitable for equality constraints (the sum of h must be fixed). It also uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, and then local refinement with BFGS.

Another idea: perhaps using a more efficient local optimization method, such as a trust-region method, or using a different combination of methods. Also, maybe adjusting the constraints or the objective function.

Another possibility: the initial_h_values might not be the best starting point. If the code could generate other initial guesses that are more promising, it might find a better solution. However, the code already generates several initial guesses by varying the placement of 1s and 0s. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different structures could help.

Wait, the code generates 10 different initial guesses by randomly selecting positions for 1s. But maybe generating more diverse initial points, such as forced structures or using a different distribution, could lead to better convergence.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initialization technique, such as using a gradient-based method to find a better starting point. But without knowing the gradient, this is challenging.

Another thought: the problem's objective is to minimize the maximum of the overlaps. This is a non-convex problem, and the current code uses heuristic methods. Perhaps a better approach is to use coordinate descent, where each point is optimized sequentially while maintaining the constraint.

But coordinate descent may get stuck in local optima. However, combining it with other methods could be beneficial.

Another idea: maybe using Bayesian optimization to search the parameter space more efficiently. However, this requires more complex setup and may not fit within the time budget.

Alternatively, using a different optimization library, such as using a more efficient implementation or adjusting the solvers available. For example, using the SLSQP method with a more efficient solver like COBYLA or with tighter tolerances.

Wait, the previous code uses the SLSQP method. Maybe tuning the solver parameters could help. For example, reducing the tolerance or increasing the maximum number of iterations. But the code already has a large number of iterations.

Another thing to consider is that the correlation function may have multiple peaks. The code's objective is to minimize the maximum of these peaks. So perhaps during optimization, it's better to focus on reducing the highest peak first.

But how to do that? Maybe by using a penalty function that emphasizes the highest peak. However, this would complicate the objective function.

Alternatively, during optimization, track the maximum value and use it as the objective. However, this is what the code is already doing.

Hmm. Let's think about the code's structure. It starts with the initial guess, then generates several random guesses, optimizes them, then does differential evolution, then local refinements.

Perhaps the steps can be modified. For example, using a combination of different initialization strategies, or adjusting the order in which methods are applied.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed dx of 2.0 / n_points. This is correct, as the integral is approximated by the sum times dx.

Another possible improvement: since the problem is discrete, maybe the variables can be treated as binary (0 or 1) in some regions, which could simplify the optimization. However, the code allows for continuous values between 0 and 1. Maybe the optimal h is piecewise constant with certain values, but the current code uses a continuous approach. Perhaps using a binary approach could be more effective. But this is a trade-off: binary variables are harder to optimize but may lead to better solutions. However, the code uses a step function with n_points samples, which could be binary or have intermediate values.

But the previous code uses continuous values. Maybe enforcing some binary values could help. But that would complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, considering that the problem's optimal solution might have a certain symmetry. For example, if the function h is symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], then perhaps this can be exploited in the optimization. For example, enforcing symmetry constraints could reduce the search space.

But how to implement that? Maybe by generating h such that h[i] = h[n_points - 1 - i], which would enforce symmetry. However, this could be added as a constraint in the optimization. But the code currently doesn't have this, and adding such a constraint may lead to better solutions.

But this would require modifying the code to include symmetry constraints. However, the previous code uses a general SLSQP method with only the sum constraint. Adding more constraints may make the problem harder to solve, but perhaps it's worth trying.

Another angle: the initial guess may have a certain structure that is suboptimal. If I can find a better initial guess, the optimization may converge faster. For example, the initial_h_values could be improved by perturbing it or using a different generation method.

Alternatively, combining the initial guess with a better initialization. For example, if the initial_h_values has certain regions where h is high, maybe adjusting those regions to spread them out.

But without knowing the structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the code should not rely on the initial_h_values directly; instead, it uses it as a starting point. So perhaps the code should generate a different initial guess for the optimization.

But the user's instruction says that the initial_h_values is available, so it's better to use that. So the code should start from the given initial_h_values and optimize from there.

Hmm. Perhaps the current code could be improved by using more aggressive local optimization steps. For example, using a higher number of iterations in the local optimization or refining more thoroughly.

In the previous code, after differential evolution, the results are refined with L-BFGS-B for up to 100 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the parameters of the local optimizer could help.

Another idea: using multi-objective optimization, where the objective is to minimize the maximum overlap, and the constraint is the sum of h. However, this is the same as the current approach.

Alternatively, focus on reducing the most significant overlaps first. For example, during optimization, prioritize the shifts that contribute the most to the maximum value. However, this would require modifying the objective function.

But how to implement that? It might complicate the optimization, especially since the objective function is non-smooth.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses the full correlation, which includes shifts that may not be in the intended domain. For example, negative shifts or shifts beyond the original domain. However, in the problem statement, the shifts k are such that x + k is in [0, 2] for the overlap. Wait, no. The original problem says that the integral is over x in [0, 2], and for each k, the integral is over x in [0, 2], but h(x + k) would be evaluated only if x +k is within [0, 2]. However, the code computes the full correlation, which may include shifts that are not valid for the original integral. But when the code calculates the correlation, it's possible that for certain shifts, the overlap is zero or undefined. However, the code may not handle this properly, leading to inaccurate evaluations.

Wait, this might be a problem. For example, the correlation as computed in numpy gives the convolution for all possible shifts, but in reality, for the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) over x in [0,2], the support of the functions might not overlap for certain k. However, the code uses the full correlation, which includes those shifts. So the code may be overestimating the integral for certain k because it includes non-overlapping regions. This could lead to a higher C₅ than actually possible, making the optimization problem easier than it should be.

But how to handle that? For example, when k is such that the intervals [0,2] and [x -k, x -k + ... ] don't overlap, the integral might be zero. However, the code as written may not account for this. Therefore, the code's objective function might be incorrect.

This is a critical point. If the code is evaluating the correlation for all possible shifts, even those that are not valid for the integral, then it's not properly modeling the problem. The correlation function computed by numpy includes all shifts, including those where the overlap is zero. For example, if k is very large, the integral becomes zero, and thus the correlation value should be zero. However, the code may compute a non-zero value due to the nature of the discrete correlation.

But since the code uses a discretized approach, perhaps this is an approximation. However, this could lead to an inaccuracy in the evaluation of the integral. For example, for a shift k that is too large, the overlap is zero, but the code may calculate a non-zero value, making the optimization more difficult.

This suggests that the code's evaluation of the objective function is not accurate. To fix this, the code should compute for each possible shift k, the actual integral over the overlapping interval. This would involve more complex logic.

But given the time constraints and the complexity of this, perhaps the code is acceptable as an approximation. However, if the code is overestimating the integral for some shifts, the C₅ value computed would be higher than the actual maximum, leading to a suboptimal solution. But if the code computes the actual maximum, it would avoid this issue.

This is a crucial point. Let me think about how to compute the correct integral for each shift k.

The integral over x in [0,2] of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. However, since h is only defined on [0,2], the term h(x +k) is only valid when x +k is within [0,2]. So for a given k, the valid x values are those in [max(0, -k), min(2, 2 -k)]. The integral is only over this interval. For example, if k > 2, then x +k > 2 for all x in [0, 2], so the integral is zero. Similarly for negative k.

Therefore, the code's calculation of the correlation as a full convolution is incorrect for the problem. The correct approach would be to compute for each shift k, the integral over the overlapping region. This would involve more complex computation, but it could lead to a more accurate evaluation of the objective function.

However, implementing this in the code would require significant changes. For the purposes of the current problem, perhaps the code is using an approximate method, which may lead to suboptimal results. But given the time constraints, the code may have to proceed with the current approach.

Another thought: the previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives a convolution of h and 1-h with all possible shifts. However, the integral for each shift k is computed over the overlapping region between the original h and the shifted (1 - h). Therefore, the code's use of the full correlation may be correct in a discrete approximation sense. However, the exact behavior depends on how the discretization is handled.

In any case, the code is using the given approach, and the challenge is to improve it.

So, back to the task. The previous code uses several optimization methods. Perhaps the main improvements could be:

1. Adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods to better explore the search space.
2. Using a different initial guess structure that leads to better convergence.
3. Combining different optimization strategies more effectively.
4. Implementing better constraints or using additional heuristics.

In terms of code changes, here's what could be done:

- Use a more efficient local optimizer, such as COBYLA instead of L-BFGS-B.
- Increase the number of initial guesses or generate them differently.
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution, such as the mutation and recombination strategies.
- Limit the number of iterations but increase the population size to better explore the search space.
- Use a more precise stopping criterion or adjust the tolerance settings.
- Incorporate symmetry constraints if applicable.

Given the time budget, the code needs to be efficient. Let's think about how to adapt the previous code.

Perhaps the previous code can be modified as follows:

- Use initial guesses that are more structured, such as placing the 1s more evenly spaced.
- Use differential evolution with more iterations and a larger population.
- Combine the results from different optimization methods and choose the best one.
- Use a local optimizer with tighter constraints and higher precision.

Another idea: since the problem involves minimizing the maximum of several values, the code could try to minimize each overlap individually, but this is not straightforward.

Alternatively, use a multi-objective optimization approach, where the objective is to minimize all overlaps, but this is again complex.

Another possible improvement: in the previous code, the initial_guesses are generated by randomly placing 1s. Maybe generating a better initial guess could help. For example, placing the 1s as evenly as possible across the interval. However, this would require generating a pattern that spreads the 1s out.

But how to generate that in code? For example, distributing the 1s uniformly in the interval [0,2], leading to a step function that is 1 for small intervals. However, this is not necessarily optimal.

In any case, the previous code uses a randomized approach for generating initial guesses, which is acceptable.

Perhaps the main issues are with the optimization parameters. For example, the differential evolution may be too slow or not exploring enough. Also, the local refinements with L-BFGS-B might not be sufficient.

Another thought: in the previous code, after differential evolution, it uses a local optimizer. What if we instead use more iterations of differential evolution, or use a different number of iterations?

Alternatively, using a different method for the initial optimization steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm with tournament selection.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to tweak the existing code to improve the optimization process.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses a single initial guess, then generates 10 random ones. Maybe generating more initial guesses, such as using a Latin hypercube or other sampling methods, could help.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, creating an initial guess where the 1s are distributed as evenly as possible, and then perturbing them.

But how to implement that? For example, for the initial guess, spread the 1s evenly in the interval [0,2], then assign them to the sample points. This would involve calculating the positions where the 1s should be placed, then rounding to the nearest discrete points.

But the initial_h_values is given, so maybe we can use that as a base, but I think the code is supposed to start from that.

In conclusion, the main changes I need to make are:

- Adjust the optimization parameters to make the local and global optimizations more effective.
- Possibly increase the number of iterations or adjust the mutation and recombination parameters in differential evolution.
- Use more effective local optimization methods.
- Ensure that the code makes the best use of the time budget by prioritizing the most promising optimization steps.

Taking all this into account, here's how I can modify the code:

- Increase the number of iterations for the differential evolution and SLSQP methods.
- Improve the initial guesses generation by using more structured methods.
- Use a different local optimizer, such as SLSQP with tighter settings.
- Implement a more aggressive searching strategy in the initial steps.

But given the code's length constraints and the need to fit within the 300 lines, I'll need to make concise changes.

Here's how I can proceed:

- The previous code uses the built-in random guessing for initial points. To improve, maybe generate more structured initial guesses. For example, create initial guesses where the 1s are spread out as evenly as possible.
- Use a different local optimizer for refinement, perhaps SLSQP with tighter constraints.
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution to explore more thoroughly.
- Add more iterations for the differential evolution step.

Implementing these changes should lead to a better C₅ bound.

Now, translating this into code modifications:

- For the initial guesses, instead of randomly placing 1s, create a structured initial guess where the 1s are spread out. For example, evenly distributing the 1s over the n_points.
- Adjust the mutation and recombination parameters in differential evolution.
- Use more iterations in the optimization steps.
- Use a tighter tolerance for the optimization methods.

But how to generate the structured initial guess?

An example: if we have n_points samples, and we need to place sum(h) = n_points / 2, which is the same as the integral constraint. So for example, for n_points=45, sum(h)=22.5, but since h is represented as samples, this is a float. However, in the code, the initial_h_values is given, which may not be evenly spaced.

But the user says that the code should use the initial_h_values as provided. So perhaps the code should not modify that. Hence, the initial guesses may need to be generated based on the given initial_h_values.

Alternatively, the code could use the initial_h_values as the starting point, and then generate other initial guesses based on perturbing it.

But given the time, I think it's better to focus on optimizing the existing code by adjusting the optimization steps and parameters.

Thus, the modified code would include:

- A more structured initial guess, perhaps by using a perturbation of the given initial_h_values.
- Using more aggressive differential evolution parameters.
- Tuning the local optimizer parameters.

In code:

I would modify the initial_guesses generation to include not only random ones but also a structured one. For example, create an initial guess where the 1s are spread out as evenly as possible. This could be done by placing a 1 at every n_points / sum_h steps, where sum_h is the required sum.

But in code, this might be challenging. Alternatively, using a different approach for generating initial guesses.

But given the time, I think the most effective way is to increase the number of initial guesses and adjust the parameters of the differential evolution.

Another idea: in the previous code, after differential evolution, it uses SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in the SLSQP step would help.

Another possible improvement: in the code, the optimization is run for a fixed number of iterations. Perhaps using a decreasing tolerance for the optimization steps could lead to better results.

In summary, the code can be adjusted to:

1. Generate more initial guesses with a structured approach.
2. Use more iterations in differential evolution.
3. Tighten the constraints and increase the precision of the local optimizer.

Therefore, the modified code would incorporate these changes, resulting in a better upper bound for C₅.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def optimize_guess(guess):
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        return result.x if result.success else None
    
    # Generate more diverse initial guesses
    initial_guesses = []
    initial_guesses.append(initial_guess)
    for _ in range(5):
        rand_h = np.zeros(n_points)
        num_ones = int(target_sum)
        remaining = target_sum - num_ones
        indices = np.random.choice(n_points, size=num_ones, replace=False)
        rand_h[indices] = 1.0
        if remaining > 0:
            idx = np.random.choice(n_points, size=1, replace=False)
            rand_h[idx] += remaining
        initial_guesses.append(rand_h)
    
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        result = optimize_guess(guess)
        if result is not None and objective(result) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(result)
            best_h = result
    
    # Enhanced differential evolution with adjusted parameters
    try:
        result_de = optimize.differential_evolution(
            fun=objective,
            bounds=bounds,
            popsize=100,
            maxiter=300,
            mutation=(0.7, 1.0),
            recombination=0.8,
            tol=1e-10,
            vectorized=True
        )
        if result_de.success:
            result_slsqp = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=result_de.x,
                method='SLSQP',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
            )
            if result_slsqp.success and objective(result_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(result_slsqp.x)
                best_h = result_slsqp.x
    except:
        pass
    
    # Local refinement with COBYLA and adjusted options
    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s - 50:
        try:
            result = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=best_h,
                method='COBYLA',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 200, 'rhobeg': 1e-3, 'eps': 1e-9}
            )
            if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(result.x)
                best_h = result.x
        except:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```