<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and we need to try to get lower than that. The previous code used a combination of local optimization methods like SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there are ways to improve this.

First, I should understand the problem better. The function h is a step function over [0,2], with integral 1. The overlap integral C₅ is the maximum over shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). We need to minimize this maximum value. 

The previous code used an initial guess and then applied various optimization techniques. However, maybe we can do better by changing the approach. For instance, using different optimization algorithms, adjusting parameters, or starting from different initial points.

Let me think about possible improvements. One idea is to use a more efficient optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. Maybe using a global optimization method like genetic algorithms could help escape local minima. But the time budget is tight, so we need something efficient.

Another angle: the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum of several functions. Each shift k gives a different function to minimize. So, perhaps we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we minimize the maximum of several objectives. However, that might be computationally expensive unless we can find a way to approximate it.

Alternatively, maybe using a gradient-based method with a better initialization. The initial guess in the previous code was based on initial_h_values, which is given. But what if we start from a different initial configuration? For example, maybe a more evenly distributed h function that better balances the overlaps.

Wait, the current initial_h_values is for n=45. The problem allows for smaller n_points, which might be faster. But the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe trying with n_points less than 45 would be better? But the initial_h_values is given, perhaps for n=45. If we can use that, maybe we can try to refine it further.

Another idea: the overlap integral depends on the correlation between h and 1-h. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. However, the max of those correlations is what we are trying to minimize. So perhaps the problem is equivalent to finding a function h that, when shifted, overlaps as little as possible with itself. 

In terms of optimization, perhaps we can model this as a problem of minimizing the maximum of several functions, each corresponding to a shift. But since there are infinitely many shifts, we can't check all of them. However, in the code, they use the discrete version with the samples. So the code is discretizing the problem by evaluating all possible shifts k that correspond to the step function's samples.

Another approach is to use a metaheuristic, like simulated annealing, which can explore the search space more thoroughly. However, simulating annealing might be slow. But with the time budget of 100 seconds, it's possible.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a more structured approach. For example, using a grid search over a smaller number of parameters, or using a parametric model for h. But without knowing the exact structure, this might be tricky.

Wait, the current code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method. But perhaps adjusting the parameters of differential evolution could lead to better results. For example, increasing the population size, or adjusting the mutation and recombination rates.

Another thought: the constraint is that the integral of h is 1, which is a fixed value. So the problem is a constrained optimization problem where we need to find h that satisfies this integral constraint and minimizes the maximum overlap.

The previous code uses a combination of local and global methods. Maybe combining different optimization methods in a smarter way could help. For instance, using a global method to find a good starting point and then refining with a local method.

Also, the code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, instead of using a few random guesses, generating a larger number of them, or using different strategies to generate them.

Another idea is to try different values for n_points. The previous code uses n=45. Maybe trying a larger n could lead to a better approximation. But larger n means more variables, which could take longer to optimize. However, if the time budget is sufficient, maybe it's worth trying. However, the user mentions that smaller sequences are preferred because they are faster. So perhaps sticking with n=45 is better, but maybe trying n=50 or similar?

But the initial_h_values is given for n=45. So if we can use that, maybe better to stick with it. 

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial configuration. For example, a more optimal initial guess could be constructed by distributing the mass of h more evenly. For example, placing the 1's in a way that their shifted versions don't overlap significantly. 

For instance, if we divide the interval [0,2] into equal parts, and place 1's in a periodic pattern. But since the integral must be 1, the number of 1's would depend on the number of points. For example, with 45 points, the integral is 1, so each 1 contributes 2/45 to the integral. Wait, the sum(h) is n_points / 2, so for 45 points, that's 45/2 =22.5. So if h is a step function with 22.5 ones, but since numbers are discrete, that's a bit tricky. So perhaps the initial_h_values is constructed in a way that distributes the 1s and 0s in a pattern that's balanced.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess is symmetric or has some periodic structure. If that's the case, perhaps perturbing it slightly could lead to a better solution. 

But how to implement this? Maybe using a more sophisticated initial guess instead of random ones. 

Another idea is to use a greedy approach. For example, starting with some initial configuration and then iteratively adjusting it to minimize the maximum overlap. However, greedy methods can get stuck in local minima.

Alternatively, using a convex relaxation. However, the problem is non-convex, so convex relaxation might not be feasible. 

The previous code uses SLSQP for local optimization. Maybe using a different local optimizer, like BFGS, if the objective is smooth. But the problem's objective involves max of correlations, which is non-smooth. So gradient-based methods might have issues. 

Wait, the current code evaluates the objective function as the maximum of the cross-correlation. But when using optimization, the maximum is a non-differentiable function. So using gradient-based methods like SLSQP could be problematic because the gradient may not be accurately computed. 

Maybe using a different approach where we approximate the max function. For example, using a penalty method where we maximize the minimum of the cross-correlations. But this seems complicated.

Alternatively, for each optimization step, we can track which shift k gives the maximum value, and focus on minimizing that particular correlation. But that would require knowing which k is the worst. 

So, maybe during optimization, we can dynamically compute which shift is the maximum and adjust the parameters to minimize that. This is more of a proximal method. 

But how to implement this? For example, during each iteration, compute the cross-correlation for all shifts, find the maximum, and then minimize that specific term. This would turn the problem into a single objective minimization, but it could be more efficient. However, this might not find the global minimum if other shifts are worse, but might be computationally cheaper.

Alternatively, during the optimization, we can adjust the parameters so that the maximum value is reduced. But this would require knowing which shift is causing the problem. 

In the previous code, the objective function is the maximum of all cross-correlation values. So it's a multi-objective problem. 

Another approach is to consider that the maximum over shifts k can be approximated by considering a finite number of shifts. For example, in the discretized problem, the shifts k are multiples of dx, so perhaps we can limit the shifts to those that are relevant. But the code already considers all shifts in the full correlation.

So, perhaps the problem is challenging because of the non-smooth nature of the max function, and the previous methods may not be sufficient.

Let me think about the previous code's approach. It starts with an initial guess, then uses different optimization methods. The initial guess is based on a given initial_h_values. So if that initial guess is already somewhat good, then the code may find a better solution by fine-tuning.

But the user wants to try something different. Maybe using a different initial configuration could help. For example, generating an initial guess that is more optimal. How?

One idea is to use an evenly distributed pattern. For example, place the 1's in a periodic pattern. For instance, if the length of the interval is 2, then the period might be 1. But with the constraint of integral 1, maybe placing 1's in a way that they are spaced out evenly. 

For example, with 45 points, placing the 1's every 4 steps. But this would require more calculations.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial_h_values is structured in a certain way. Without knowing the actual values, perhaps I can't construct a better initial guess. But assuming that initial_h_values is a good starting point, the previous code uses it. 

Another thought: the code uses a fixed n_points. Maybe trying a different n_points could lead to a better solution. For example, using a larger number of points, which allows for more precise control over h, but at the cost of larger computation time. 

However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps trying n=50 or n=60 is feasible. For example, the previous code uses n=45, which is 45 points. Let's see: for n=45, each optimization step involves a correlation of length n_points * 2, which is 90 points. However, the code uses a fixed n_points and applies the optimization. 

Alternatively, maybe using a smaller n_points could lead to a better result. For example, n=30. But the initial_h_values is for n=45, so I need to see if there's a way to generate a starting point for smaller n. 

But the user mentioned that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So perhaps the initial_h_values is for n=45, and our code must use that. So we can't change the n_points. Thus, the code must work with n=45.

Wait, the code's run function uses len(initial_h_values) as n_points. So if the initial_h_values is for n=45, then the code uses that. So the code is fixed to use that n. So adjusting n_points is not possible unless the initial_h_values is for a different n. But the user mentioned that the previous program achieved a certain result with n=45. So maybe it's best to stick with n=45.

So the approach is to use the given initial_h_values and try to optimize it further. 

Now, considering that the previous code used SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. Maybe trying different optimization techniques or adjusting parameters. For instance, using a more global method, or a different combination.

Another idea: the code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help. For example, generating more diverse initial points. However, generating more initial guesses increases the computation time. 

Alternatively, using a different initial guess generation strategy. For example, modifying the existing initial guesses by adding small perturbations. 

Alternatively, using a simulated annealing approach. But implementing that in the code might be challenging, given the time constraints.

Another thing to consider is the choice of optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method if the objective function is non-smooth. However, the previous code used SLSQP and COBYLA, which are gradient-based.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach. However, that would require more complex code and may not fit into the 100-second budget.

Wait, perhaps the current code's differential evolution is not being fully utilized. Let's think: in the previous code, after generating initial guesses, they run differential evolution with a certain population size and parameters. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of generations could improve the results. However, that would require more computation time. 

But with the budget, perhaps it's better to optimize parameters of the differential evolution. For example, using a larger popsize, or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters. 

Another thought: maybe the current code's use of np.correlate is not the most accurate way to compute the maximum overlap. Let me check that. The code uses mode='full' which gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. However, the original problem is about integrating over the real line, but in the discretized version, the code is using a finite number of points. The exact way of handling the shifts might affect the result. 

For example, the correlation is computed for all k where the shifted function is within the domain [0, 2]. However, the code uses the full mode, which includes all possible shifts. But the actual integral over the real line would involve all x values, but in the discretized case, the code uses the samples. So the approach is correct, but perhaps there's a way to optimize this part.

Alternatively, perhaps precomputing the shifts that are most critical. For example, the maximum overlap might occur at certain shifts that are more important. However, without knowing which ones, it's hard to say.

Now, looking back at the previous code, the main steps are:

1. Start with an initial guess.

2. Perform a few SLSQP optimizations on different initial guesses.

3. Run differential evolution with a larger population size.

4. Refine with COBYLA.

But perhaps the order of these steps is not optimal. For example, maybe running differential evolution first to find a good initial guess, then using SLSQP on the best result.

Alternatively, trying to parallelize the initial guesses, but with only one CPU available, that's not possible.

Another idea: use a hybrid approach. For example, run differential evolution to find a global optimum, then use SLSQP to refine it. This approach might be more effective.

But the current code already does that. 

Another thing to consider is the parameters of the optimization. For example, the SLSQP uses ftol=1e-10 and eps=1e-9. Perhaps relaxing these could allow the optimization to run faster, and find a better approximation. However, the previous code uses tight tolerances, which might be necessary for accuracy.

Alternatively, the code can try different optimization methods and combine their results. For example, after using differential evolution, use a local method like SLSQP with fewer iterations but tight tolerances.

Another angle: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations for SLSQP. Maybe increasing the maxiter could allow better convergence. However, that would take more time, so we need to balance.

Another thought: the current code's objective function is the max of the cross-correlation, which is non-smooth. So, during optimization, the gradient might not be accurate. Maybe instead of directly minimizing the maximum, we can use an approximation that is smooth. For example, using a soft maximum function, which is smooth. However, this would require modifying the objective function and might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, during optimization, we can track which shift gives the maximum value and then minimize that particular term. This would make the objective function smooth, but it requires the code to dynamically select the worst shift. 

But how to implement this? For example, in each iteration of the optimization, compute the cross-correlation for all shifts, find the maximum, and then minimize that term. This would make the objective function a single-variable function, which might be easier to optimize with gradient-based methods. 

But in the previous code, the objective function is already the maximum of all cross-correlations. So the approach is the same. 

Another idea: maybe using a neural network to represent h and optimize it via gradient descent. However, this would require significant changes to the code and might not fit into the time budget.

Alternatively, using quadratic programming. For example, if we can approximate the problem as a quadratic program. But the objective is not quadratic, so this might not be feasible.

Another possible improvement: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a penalty method where we add a penalty term to the objective function that penalizes large overlaps. However, the previous code already uses the maximum value as the objective function.

Wait, the code uses the maximum of the cross-correlations as the objective function. This is correct because the Erdős problem requires that the maximum over all shifts is minimized. So the current approach is correct.

So, perhaps the code's main issue is not the formulation but the optimization method. Maybe the previous code's differential evolution is too slow or not effective enough. 

Let me think about the parameters of differential evolution. In the previous code, the parameters are:

popsize=40, maxiter=250, mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.7, tol=1e-10, vectorized=True.

Maybe increasing the popsize or decreasing the mutation range could help. Or using different mutation strategies. 

Alternatively, trying to use a local search method after differential evolution to refine the solution further.

Another thing to note is that the previous code uses a local refinement with COBYLA, but perhaps using a different local optimizer would yield better results. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method, which is a quasi-Newton method that can handle bounds.

But the problem is that the objective function is not smooth, so the gradient may not be accurate. However, if the function is approximately smooth, L-BFGS-B might work.

Alternatively, using a trust-region method. 

But without knowing the exact nature of the function, it's hard to say. 

Another idea: the initial guess could be improved. The initial_guess is based on initial_h_values, but what if we generate a better initial guess? For example, by distributing the values of h in a way that minimizes the overlaps. 

For example, if we can find a configuration where h(x) is 1 in regions that are spaced apart, this would reduce their overlaps when shifted. So, perhaps the initial guess could be generated by placing 1s in non-overlapping regions. But since the integral has to be 1, this requires careful placement.

But how to generate such a configuration algorithmically? For example, dividing the interval [0, 2] into equal parts and placing 1s in intervals of certain lengths. But this is getting into the realm of design of experiments.

Alternatively, using a randomized approach where we randomly place the 1s and adjust them to meet the integral constraint. But this is similar to the initial random guesses in the previous code.

Another thought: the current initial guess is provided, but maybe generating a better initial guess by considering the structure of the problem. For example, using a pattern that is known to be good for similar problems.

But without knowing the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. Assuming it's a good initial guess, the code is already using it. 

So, perhaps the main improvement is to adjust the parameters of the optimization methods and try different optimization techniques.

Another possible change: using a different loss function. For example, instead of minimizing the maximum of the cross-correlations, minimize the sum of squares of the cross-correlations. This would make the problem differentiable and allow for gradient-based methods. However, this changes the problem from minimizing the maximum to minimizing the sum of squares, which might not lead to the same optimal solution. But it's worth trying as an alternative approach.

Let me think. If we instead of taking the max of the cross-correlations, we take the sum of their squares, then the problem becomes a different one. However, this may allow gradient-based methods to find a solution more easily. 

But the original problem requires minimizing the maximum, which is a more stringent condition. However, minimizing the sum may lead to a lower maximum. 

But I'm not sure. This could be a viable approach. 

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of both. For example, during optimization, track the max and try to minimize it.

But this brings us back to the original problem.

Another possible improvement: the previous code's initial guesses are generated by selecting some indices to set to 1 and adding the remaining to a single index. This might not provide the most diverse initial guesses. Perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses by using different strategies, like varying the number of 1s and their positions.

For example, the code currently uses a fixed number of 1s (around target_sum) which is 22.5 for n=45. So the code sets some indices to 1 and adds remaining to a single index. However, this could result in some initial guesses with more concentrated 1s. 

Alternatively, generating initial guesses by randomly placing 1s and 0s, with some variation in the number of 1s. However, this would require more computation time.

But perhaps generating multiple initial guesses with different distributions could lead to better results.

In the previous code, the initial_guesses include the initial_h_values and then 10 random guesses. Maybe adding more initial guesses, like 20 or 30, could help. But this would require more computation.

Another idea is to use a Latin hypercube sampling for the initial guesses to ensure diversity. However, implementing that might be complex.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, creating multiple slightly perturbed versions of the initial_h_values.

But without knowing the structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. 

In conclusion, to improve upon the previous code, the following changes might be effective:

1. Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution component to allow for better exploration of the search space.

2. Use a different initial guess generation strategy that creates more diverse initial points.

3. Experiment with different optimization methods, such as using L-BFGS-B or other gradient-based methods, especially if the objective function is sufficiently smooth.

4. Combine global and local optimization steps in a more effective sequence.

Additionally, the previous code's use of the max function as the objective is correct, but the optimization may not be efficient enough. 

Another approach is to use a more efficient gradient approximation, such as the finite difference method, but this may not be necessary.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the most effective way is to adjust the parameters of the optimization methods and try different initial guesses, as well as possibly changing the order in which the optimization steps are applied.

Thus, the plan is to modify the existing code to:

- Use a different initial guess generation strategy.

- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and other optimization methods.

- Perhaps use a different order of optimization steps.

Let me think about how to implement these changes in code.

For example, generating more initial guesses by varying the number of 1s and their positions. The current code generates 10 random guesses, but adding more could help. Also, using a different method to generate the initial guesses, such as using a perturbation of the initial_h_values.

Another idea is to use the initial guess as a base and generate perturbations around it. But this requires more code.

Alternatively, in the initial_guesses part, instead of generating random guesses, perhaps use a combination of the initial guess and some other variations.

But time is limited, so I need to think of the most efficient way to modify the code.

In the previous code, after the initial guesses, it runs differential evolution and then COBYLA. Perhaps the differential evolution could be run for fewer iterations, then followed by more intense local optimization.

Alternatively, running differential evolution with more iterations.

Another idea: using the differential evolution result as the initial guess for SLSQP with tighter tolerances.

In the previous code, after differential evolution, they run SLSQP with 200 iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations could help, but this would take time. However, given the budget, maybe it's acceptable.

Alternatively, in the differential evolution step, increasing the maxiter from 250 to 500 could allow for a better exploration, and then using COBYLA for refinement.

But this would increase the runtime. However, since the budget is 100 seconds, it's possible that the code can be adjusted to run within that time.

Another possible change is to reduce the number of initial guesses, but generate more diverse ones. For example, using a combination of random and perturbed guesses.

Another idea is to use a hybrid approach where after differential evolution, we use SLSQP with a more aggressive optimization.

But how to implement this in code?

In the existing code, the differential evolution is run first, then a SLSQP with the result. Perhaps modifying the differential evolution parameters would allow for better results.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses vectorized=True in differential evolution, which is more efficient. But perhaps changing other parameters.

In summary, the key changes would be:

- Adjusting the parameters of differential evolution.

- Generating more diverse initial guesses.

- Maybe using a different order of optimization steps.

Now, translating this into code changes.

For example:

In the initial guess generation, instead of generating 10 random guesses, generate more (say, 20), or use a different method.

In the differential evolution parameters, increase maxiter to 500, and adjust mutation and recombination.

In the COBYLA refinement, increase the maxiter.

Also, perhaps using a different optimization method for the initial steps.

But without knowing the exact impact, it's hard to say. 

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed n_points. But what if we use n_points=50? However, since the initial_h_values is for n=45, and it's not clear if that's allowed. But the user says that the initial_h_values is provided if available, and the code must use it. So perhaps we have to stick with n=45.

So, to proceed, the code will be similar to the previous but with adjusted parameters and possibly more thorough optimization steps.

Another change is to use a different initial guess for random guesses. For example, instead of setting some indices to 1 and adding remaining to one index, using a more uniform distribution. For example, using a 'random' approach where each point has a certain probability to be 1, then adjusting to meet the sum constraint. This would generate more diverse initial guesses.

But how to implement this efficiently?

For example, in the code, instead of:

remaining = target_sum - num_ones

indices = np.random.choice(n_points, size=num_ones, replace=False)

random_guess[indices] = 1.0

...

random_guess[idx] += remaining

Perhaps generating a random guess where each h[i] is set to a random value between 0 and 1, then scaling to meet the sum constraint. This could lead to smoother initial guesses. However, this would require more computation.

But for the sake of generating better initial guesses, perhaps it's worth it.

Thus, the code could generate random initial guesses by sampling uniformly between 0 and 1, then scaling to meet the sum constraint. This would create more diverse initial points, potentially leading to better optimization.

But this would take time, as it requires generating multiple random guesses and then scaling them. However, the code could do this by:

For each random guess:

random_guess = np.random.uniform(0.0, 1.0, n_points)

scale = target_sum / np.sum(random_guess)

random_guess *= scale

This way, the sum of random_guess is target_sum.

This would generate a more uniform random guess. However, this might lead to more variance in the h values, which could be beneficial.

So, modifying the initial guess generation to use this approach.

Other changes:

- Increase the number of initial guesses.

- Adjust the differential evolution parameters.

- Use a different local optimization method.

- Allow more iterations in the optimization steps.

Now, incorporating these changes into the code.

Another possible improvement is to use a different initial guess generation method. For example, the initial_h_values is given, but perhaps generating guesses that are similar to it but with small variations. However, this requires more code.

In conclusion, the modified code would involve:

- Generating more diverse initial guesses using uniform sampling and scaling.

- Adjusting the parameters of differential evolution.

- Using a different sequence of optimization methods.

- Possibly increasing the number of iterations in certain steps.

Given the time constraints, let's proceed to write the code with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def optimize_guess(guess):
        try:
            result = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=guess,
                method='L-BFGS-B',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8}
            )
            return result.x if result.success else None
        except:
            return None
    
    def generate_random_guess():
        guess = np.random.uniform(0.0, 1.0, n_points)
        guess /= np.sum(guess)
        guess *= target_sum
        return guess
    
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess]
    for _ in range(3):
        initial_guesses.append(generate_random_guess())
    
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        result = optimize_guess(guess)
        if result is not None and objective(result) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(result)
            best_h = result
    
    try:
        result_de = optimize.differential_evolution(
            fun=objective,
            bounds=bounds,
            popsize=50,
            maxiter=500,
            mutation=(0.7, 1.0),
            recombination=0.8,
            tol=1e-10,
            vectorized=True
        )
        if result_de.success:
            result_slsqp = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=result_de.x,
                method='L-BFGS-B',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8}
            )
            if result_slsqp.success and objective(result_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(result_slsqp.x)
                best_h = result_slsqp.x
    except:
        pass
    
    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s - 20:
        try:
            result = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=best_h,
                method='L-BFGS-B',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8}
            )
            if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(result.x)
                best_h = result.x
        except:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```