<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. My goal is to find a better construction. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem involves finding a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h(x) is between 0 and 1. The overlap integral is computed using convolution, and the maximum of these values is what we need to minimize.

The previous code used a combination of SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA optimization methods. However, maybe there's room for improvement. Let me consider different strategies.

One idea is to explore different initializations. The previous code starts from the initial_h_values, which is a specific construction. Maybe generating other starting points could help avoid local minima. For instance, using a more structured initial guess, like a periodic pattern or a combination of different intervals.

Another thing is the optimization algorithm. The current approach uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Differential evolution might be effective for global optimization, but perhaps using a hybrid approach with more control over the search space could help. Also, maybe using a different method, such as genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, could be beneficial, but those might be slower.

Wait, but the code must run within 100 seconds. So, I need to balance between exploration and computation time. Maybe the current approach is already using differential evolution, which is a good global optimizer, but perhaps tweaking the parameters could yield better results.

An alternative approach is to consider the problem as a constrained optimization problem and use a more efficient solver. The current code uses SLSQP, which is good for local optimization. But if we can find a better way to initialize the parameters, maybe we can get a better result.

Another thought: the overlap integral is the maximum of the convolution of h with (1 - h). So, the problem is to minimize the worst-case overlap. Maybe there's a way to model this as a bilevel optimization problem, but that might be too complex for the given time constraints.

Let me think about the structure of the initial_h_values. The previous code starts with a specific initial guess, which might be a known construction. Perhaps if I can find a better initial guess, the optimization can reach a better minimum. For example, using a more evenly distributed pattern or one that has a lower overlap.

Alternatively, I can use a randomized approach to generate multiple initial guesses. For instance, generate a set of random points that satisfy the integral constraint and then optimize each of them. However, generating too many might be time-consuming.

Another idea is to use a more efficient method for the initial optimization. For example, using a gradient-based method with a good initial guess. But if the initial guess is not good, the optimization might get stuck in a local minimum.

Wait, the current code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimizer, but maybe the parameters can be adjusted. For example, increasing the population size or mutation parameters might help explore more of the search space. However, the budget is tight, so increasing parameters could slow things down.

Alternatively, maybe I can use a hybrid approach: start with differential evolution to find a good initial candidate, then use SLSQP for local refinement. The current code does that, but perhaps adjusting the parameters of these methods could lead to better results.

Also, the code uses a lot of different initial guesses. Let me check how that works. The code generates 10 different initial guesses, which are random configurations of ones and some zeros, adjusted to meet the sum constraint. Maybe generating more initial guesses could help, but that might take more time.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The current code computes the maximum of the convolution result. Since convolution is a linear operation, maybe there's a way to model this more efficiently, but I don't see an immediate way to do that.

Wait, the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since the domain is [0,2], the convolution would need to account for overlaps. The current code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which gives the full convolution, and then multiplies by dx. That seems correct.

Now, perhaps the issue is that the existing code might be getting stuck in local optima. To avoid that, using different initial points and optimization methods could help. For example, using a genetic algorithm could explore more diverse solutions, but I'm not sure if the scipy library has a genetic algorithm implementation. Alternatively, maybe using a particle swarm optimization could be beneficial, but again, scipy doesn't have that.

Another thought is to use a more structured approach. For instance, considering that the optimal function h(x) should have overlaps minimized, maybe there's a way to model h(x) as a piecewise constant function with certain intervals. For example, splitting [0,2] into intervals where h is 0 or 1, perhaps with some additional points that are partially set to avoid overlaps. However, finding the optimal intervals would be complex.

Alternatively, maybe there's a known construction or mathematical result that could be used as a starting point. However, since the current goal is to find a better bound, perhaps trying a different structure could help. For example, using a more balanced distribution of 0s and 1s, or adjusting the positions of the steps to prevent overlaps when shifted.

Another idea: the current code's initial guess might not be optimal. If I can generate a better initial guess, the optimization could start from a better position. For example, perhaps using a more systematic way to generate the initial points. For instance, using a uniform distribution of 1s and 0s, ensuring the sum is correct.

Wait, the initial_h_values provided might be an existing good construction. But perhaps modifying it slightly could lead to better results. For example, applying a small perturbation or using a different tiling pattern.

Alternatively, maybe using a different starting point altogether. For instance, instead of a random initial guess, using a specific pattern that's known to have good properties. However, without prior knowledge of such patterns, this might be challenging.

Let me also think about the constraints. The integral of h is 1, so the average value is 0.5. Therefore, the function h must be a step function that averages to 0.5. If I have more points, perhaps the function can be more finely tuned. However, the code uses n_points of 45, which might be sufficient.

Another possible optimization is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradients. Or using a Bayesian optimization approach. However, implementing those within scipy's capabilities might be tricky.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be transformed into a quadratic programming problem. Since the objective function is the maximum of several linear functions (the convolution terms), but the maximum is non-convex, so this might not be straightforward.

Wait, the objective function is the maximum over k of the convolution. Each convolution term is linear in h. So, the problem is to minimize the maximum of linear functions, which is a convex optimization problem. However, the maximum of linear functions is convex, and the constraints are linear. Therefore, this is a convex optimization problem. Wait, but the maximum of linear functions is convex, and we are minimizing a convex function. However, the feasible region is a convex set (since the sum constraint is linear). So, this is a convex optimization problem. Wait, but the problem is to minimize a convex function over a convex set. Therefore, there should be a unique minimum. But the problem is to find the minimum, which can be done with convex optimization methods.

But wait, the objective function is the maximum of linear functions. So, the maximum is convex. Therefore, the problem is convex. Hmm, that suggests that using a convex optimization solver could be effective. But in the current code, the optimization is done using SLSQP, which is a local method. However, if the problem is convex, then the minimum can be found using a convex solver.

But the current code uses the objective function as the maximum of a set of linear terms. So, the maximum is a convex function. So, if the problem is convex, then we can use a convex optimizer. However, in practice, the maximum of linear functions is a convex function, and the constraint is linear, so the problem is convex. Therefore, perhaps using a convex optimization package could be more effective.

But the previous code uses scipy's optimization, which might not have a convex solver. Let me check the available solvers in scipy. The available solvers include SLSQP, which is for constrained optimization but may not be suitable for convex problems. Wait, but if the problem is convex, then any local minimum is a global minimum, so SLSQP could work. However, if the problem is not convex, then the method may get stuck in a local minima.

Wait, but the problem is indeed convex. The objective function is the maximum of linear functions, which is convex. The constraints are linear. Therefore, the problem is convex. Therefore, using a convex optimization solver would be appropriate. However, the current code uses SLSQP, which is not necessarily the best for this scenario.

Wait, perhaps the problem is not convex. Let me think again. Suppose we have h(x) as a step function. The overlap integral for a particular shift k is ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx. For each k, this is a linear function of h(x) if the shifts are fixed. However, the integral depends on the overlapping regions of h and (1 - h). However, when considering all shifts k, the objective is the maximum over k of these linear integrals. The maximum of linear functions is convex, and the constraint is linear. Therefore, the overall problem is convex. Thus, any convex optimization method should find the global minimum.

So, perhaps the previous code could be improved by using a convex solver that is better suited for this problem. However, scipy's optimization doesn't include a convex solver, but maybe using a different approach, like using the CVXOPT library which can handle convex optimization problems.

Wait, the problem's objective function is the maximum over all k of ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the maximum over all k of the inner product between h and (1 - h shifted by k). This makes it a max of convex functions, so the objective is convex.

Therefore, perhaps reformulating the problem as a convex optimization problem and using a suitable solver could be more efficient. For example, using the CVXOPT library's solvers, but I need to check if that's accessible within the code.

In the current code, the user is allowed to use scipy, numpy, and other packages like cvxpy, which can use solvers like ECOS, etc. Wait, the problem statement says that we can use cvxpy with various solvers. So, maybe the problem can be formulated as a convex optimization problem, and then solved using cvxpy.

Wait, but the objective is the maximum over k of the overlap integrals. How to model that? Because for a convex optimization problem, the objective must be convex. So, the maximum of convex functions is convex. Therefore, the problem can be formulated as a convex optimization problem. However, the challenge is to model this in a way that can be handled by a convex optimization solver.

But the problem is that the overlap integral for each k is a linear function of h, assuming that the shift k is fixed. However, the integral itself is over x and depends on the overlapping regions. But how to model that?

Alternatively, perhaps we can use a semi-infinite optimization approach, where the objective is to minimize the maximum over k of the convolution terms. But that might be difficult to implement.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be transformed into a dual form. However, I'm not sure. This seems complex.

Another approach is to note that for the maximum over k to be as small as possible. So, the problem is to find h such that for all shifts k, the overlap integral is ≤ C. Then, the minimal C is what we want. This is equivalent to an optimization problem where C is the variable, and h is the variable, with the constraints that for all k, the overlap integral is ≤ C. The objective is to minimize C.

This is an infinite-dimensional problem, but if we discretize k into a finite set of shifts, we can approximate this as a finite problem. However, this would require selecting a finite set of shifts k. But for a given discretization of h, perhaps we can choose a set of shifts that are most critical and ensure that the overlap integrals for those k are minimized.

This is getting complicated, but perhaps there's a way to model this as a semi-infinite optimization problem, which can be approximated with a finite number of constraints.

However, given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to try to optimize using a convex solver. Let me think about how to model this.

Alternatively, maybe there's a way to use the existing code but with some modifications. For example, using the CVXOPT solver in scikit-learn or another library. Wait, the problem allows using cvxpy with various solvers, including ECOS. Let me check if this is feasible.

Suppose we can model the problem as minimizing C subject to the constraints that for all k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k )) dx ≤ C. But how to represent this with a convex optimization problem. The problem is that the integral involves the function h(x) and its shifted versions, but for each k, this is a linear operator. However, the integral can be written as the inner product between h and the shifted (1 - h), which is linear in h.

But with the max over all k, this becomes a convex problem. So, the problem can be rephrased as:

minimize C
subject to for all k: ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k )) dx ≤ C
and ∫ h(x) dx = 1
and h(x) ∈ [0,1]

This is a convex optimization problem. But solving this with a convex solver requires expressing the constraints in terms of variables that can be handled by the solver.

But the challenge is that the constraints involve integrals over h(x) and h(x+k ), which are functions of x. If we discretize h into a vector of values, then we can approximate these integrals as dot products between the h vector and another vector that depends on the shift k.

So, for a given shift k, the integral ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k )) dx can be approximated as the sum over i of h[i] * (1 - h[(i + shift) % n_points]) * dx, where dx is the step size. Wait, but for the continuous domain [0,2], the shift k could be any real number. However, since the problem is to minimize the maximum over all k, we might need to consider a large number of k's. But in practice, it's impossible to check all possible k's. Therefore, we need to discretize k into a finite set of values.

So, the idea is to select a set of shifts {k_1, k_2, ..., k_m}, and include the constraints for these k's. This would approximate the maximum over all k by the maximum over the selected k's. However, the choice of k's is critical to ensure that the maximum is accurately captured.

This approach would convert the infinite problem into a finite one that can be handled by a convex optimizer. But the problem is that selecting the appropriate shifts is non-trivial. However, for the purposes of this problem, perhaps choosing a set of shifts that are spaced in such a way that they capture the most critical overlaps would work.

But how to implement this in code? Let's think. With the discretized h vector, for each shift k (which is a multiple of dx?), we can compute the overlap integral. However, the actual shifts k can be any real number. But to approximate the problem, we can sample a set of shifts that are spaced with a certain step, and then form the constraints for those shifts.

This would be similar to what the original code does, but instead of using optimization methods like differential evolution, we can use a convex optimization solver to minimize C, with constraints that for each of the selected shifts, the overlap integral is ≤ C.

But this approach requires selecting shifts and formulating the problem as a convex optimization problem with these constraints.

However, implementing this would require a way to model the constraint for each shift. For each shift k, the integral can be approximated as the sum over i of h[i] * (1 - h[(i + shift) % n_points]) * dx. But since we're using a step function, this approximation is accurate only if the shifts are aligned with the discrete points. However, for shifts that are not aligned, the integral would involve overlapping between adjacent points, which could be approximated by interpolation. But this would complicate the model.

Alternatively, perhaps the current code's approach of using the convolution is accurate enough, and the problem can be formulated as a convex optimization problem with the max over the convolution results being the objective.

Wait, but the current code uses the maximum of the convolution values. The convolution is a way to compute the integral over shifted versions of the function. However, the maximum over the convolution is the same as the maximum overlap integral. So, if we can represent this as a convex optimization problem, we can find the minimum C.

But how to model this in code using convex optimization?

Alternatively, using the fact that for a given h, the maximum of the overlap integrals is the maximum over k of the convolution, we could use a solver that can minimize the maximum. This is a min-max problem.

However, the minimum of the maximum is a convex problem only if the maximum is a convex function. Which it is, as a maximum of convex functions. Therefore, this is a convex optimization problem. Hence, the problem can be cast as a convex optimization problem, and the solution can be found using a suitable convex solver.

But how to implement this in code using cvxpy? Let me think about how to model this.

Let me consider that the integral for each shift k is a linear function of h. However, the problem is that for each k, the integral depends on h shifted by k. For example, for a discrete h, and a specific k, the integral is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k )) dx ≈ sum_i h_i * (1 - h_j) * dx * overlap_between_i_and_i+k.

But the way to model this is complicated. Because for each possible k, the term (x +k ) maps different points. However, the problem is that k can be any real number, and the function is continuous.

This seems very difficult to model. Perhaps the best approach is to use the existing code but with some modifications. For example, using a different optimization method, increasing the number of initial guesses, or adjusting the parameters of the existing algorithms.

Another idea is to use a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the shifts and using vectorized operations to speed up the calculation. However, the current code already uses numpy's correlate function, which is efficient.

So, perhaps the key is to find a better initialization or a more effective optimization strategy. For example, using a more intelligent initial guess that is closer to the optimal solution.

In the previous code, the initial guess is generated by creating a random array of ones and some zeros, adjusted to meet the sum constraint. This might not be the best starting point. Maybe a better approach is to create an initial guess that reflects a structure that is expected to minimize the overlap. For example, partitioning the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 1 or 0 in a way that the overlap when shifted is minimized.

One such approach could be arranging h as a union of intervals where it's 1 for a portion of the interval, 0 for another, and so on. However, determining the optimal arrangement is non-trivial.

Alternatively, using a construction where h(x) is a pulse train with certain spacing. For example, a periodic function with a specific period that is designed to minimize overlaps when shifted by that period. However, this requires some theoretical insight.

But given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to implement some modifications to the existing code. For example, using a more sophisticated initialization method, or adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution to allow more exploration.

Another possible improvement is to use a hybrid approach where different optimization methods are applied in a sequence. For example, after using differential evolution to find a good solution, use SLSQP to refine it, and then perform a local search using COBYLA. This is already part of the existing code, but perhaps adjusting the parameters could improve results.

Also, the current code uses 10 random initial guesses. Maybe increasing this number could lead to better results, but this would use more computation time. However, given the 100-second budget, it's possible to do.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The current code computes the maximum of the convolution results. However, the convolution might be over a large number of shifts, and the maximum is taken over all of them. But perhaps there's a way to select a subset of shifts that are most critical and focus the optimization on those.

Alternatively, using the fact that the maximum occurs at shifts that are boundary values, such as k=0, 1, and 2. But this is not necessarily true.

In the absence of a clear path to a better algorithm, perhaps modifying the existing code to use more aggressive initialization and optimization parameters could lead to a better result. For example, using a larger number of initial guesses, adjusting the differential evolution parameters to allow more iterations, and using a better local optimizer.

Additionally, perhaps using a different solver for the local optimization. The current code uses SLSQP and COBYLA. Maybe using another method, like Nelder-Mead, could be better.

Another idea is to use a restart strategy, where the optimization algorithm is restarted with different initial points. The current code does this with multiple initial guesses, but perhaps adding more restarts or using a different method for generating initial points could help.

In summary, the plan is:

1. Use the existing code but make the following improvements:
   a. Generate more initial guesses with better structure.
   b. Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution to explore more thoroughly.
   c. Use a different method for local optimization.
   d. Add more restarts or different initializations.

But how to implement these changes within the code?

For example, instead of generating random guesses, generate guesses based on specific patterns, such as periodic functions or other structures that are likely to minimize overlap. For instance, creating an initial guess that is 1 in intervals spaced in a way that when shifted, their overlap is minimized.

Alternatively, for the initial guess, use a more systematic approach. For example, creating a guess where h is 1 in a set of non-overlapping intervals that are evenly distributed across the [0, 2] interval. This could reduce the overlap when shifted.

But how to generate such a guess? For example, for n_points=45, divide [0,2] into 45 points. Then, select positions where h is 1, ensuring that the regions are spaced appropriately.

Another idea is to use a regular pattern, such as a sine wave or a square wave, adjusted to meet the integral constraint. But this might require more complex calculations.

Alternatively, use a random initial guess but with a more structured distribution. For example, place the 1s in positions that are evenly spaced.

But without knowing the optimal pattern, it's hard to say. Therefore, relying on the existing code's approach but with a more efficient implementation could be better.

Another point to consider is the constraint handling. The current code uses a single equality constraint for the sum of h. This is correct. But perhaps adding more constraints could help, but it's unclear.

In conclusion, the improvements I can make to the existing code include:

- Generating more diverse initial guesses that are more likely to be close to the optimal solution.
- Adjusting the parameters of the optimization algorithms to allow better exploration and convergence.
- Using different optimization methods for different stages of the optimization process.
- Increasing the number of iterations or the number of initial guesses to explore the search space more thoroughly.

Given these considerations, the code will be modified to use a more effective initialization strategy, adjust differential evolution parameters, and possibly use a more sophisticated local optimization method.

Now, translating this into code. Let me think about how to modify the existing code.

First, the initial_h_values are provided. The code uses them as an initial guess, and generates 10 more random guesses. Perhaps generating more guesses could help. For example, increasing the number of initial guesses to 20 or 30, but I need to check if it's feasible within the time budget.

Alternatively, generating initial guesses based on a regular pattern. For example, placing the 1s in positions that are evenly spaced. This would give a structured initial guess that could be better.

For example, if n_points is 45, then the interval [0,2] can be divided into 45 equal parts. The positions are x_i = i*dx, where dx = 2/45. To create a structured initial guess, perhaps select 22.5 points (half of the total points) to be 1, and the rest 0. This would give an average of 0.5.

However, since the total number of points is 45, which is odd, 22.5 is not possible. So, 22 or 23 ones. Choosing 22 or 23 would give the desired sum.

But to distribute them evenly, perhaps placing them at positions that are spaced by some amount. However, this might not be possible if the number of ones is not a divisor of the interval.

Alternatively, use a simple periodic pattern. For example, alternate between 1 and 0 in a certain periodicity. This would have a uniform distribution and could help minimize overlap when shifted.

But generating such a pattern requires some calculation. For example, for a period of T, the number of 1s per period would be T / dx. However, this is a bit vague.

Alternatively, use a regular sampling of the interval. For example, placing the 1s in the first 22 points, then zeros, but this may not be optimal.

In any case, generating a structured initial guess could be better than random ones. However, this would require some specific code to generate such a guess.

Another possibility is to use the current initial guess and adjust it with some perturbations. But this is what the existing code already does with random guesses.

Given time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code's random guess generation to create more structured initial guesses. For example, using a regular pattern.

But how to implement this? Let's think. For example, for the initial guess, instead of randomly choosing positions, we can create a structured guess like a regular pattern. For example, a periodic sequence of 1s and 0s.

However, without knowing the optimal pattern, it's hard to say. Alternatively, create a guess where the function h is 1 in a set of non-overlapping intervals that are evenly spaced.

But again, without knowing the optimal structure, this is speculative.

Alternatively, use the initial guess provided by the parent construction, which might be a good starting point. The existing code uses that, and maybe that's already a good initial guess.

Therefore, perhaps the best way to proceed is to adjust the parameters of the existing code's optimization methods. For example, increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution, or using a larger population size. Also, ensuring that the optimization methods have sufficient time to run.

Another idea is to use the COBYLA method for local refinement, which is a derivative-free optimization method that might be more effective in certain cases.

Additionally, to save time, perhaps reduce the number of initial guesses, but use better ones. For example, instead of generating 10, generate 5 structured initial guesses and a few random ones.

In the current code, there's a loop that generates 10 random guesses. Perhaps replacing some of them with structured guesses.

In summary, the plan is:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.
2. Generate additional initial guesses that are structured in a way that might lead to a better solution.
3. Adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms to allow better exploration.
4. Use more effective local optimization methods.
5. Ensure that the code is efficient and completes within the time budget.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

For example, instead of generating random initial guesses, generate structured ones like evenly spaced 1s. Here's how:

Generate a structured initial guess by placing 1s at positions that are equally spaced. For instance, if we have n_points, divide the interval into n_segments and place 1s in certain positions. However, this is a bit arbitrary.

Alternatively, for the structured initial guess, compute the positions such that the 1s are distributed evenly. For example, placing 1s at every k-th point, where k is a certain integer. For example, placing 1s every 3 points.

But this is getting into the realm of trial and error, which is not ideal. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to proceed with the existing code, but make adjustments to the optimization methods and initial guesses.

Thus, the code will be modified to:

- Use more initial guesses (e.g., 20).
- Adjust differential evolution parameters (e.g., increase mutation range, population size).
- Use more iterations in SLSQP and COBYLA.

Another possible change is to replace the random guesses with structured ones, but without knowing the exact structure, this is challenging.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values and generate a few variations of it by perturbing the values slightly.

In conclusion, the code will be adjusted to enhance the exploration of the search space and the refinement of the solution, leading to a better C₅ bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def optimize_guess(guess):
        try:
            result = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=guess,
                method='SLSQP',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
            )
            return result.x if result.success else None
        except:
            return None
    
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess]
    for _ in range(5):
        random_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
        num_ones = int(round(target_sum))
        remaining = target_sum - num_ones
        indices = np.random.choice(n_points, size=num_ones, replace=False)
        random_guess[indices] = 1.0
        if remaining > 0:
            idx = np.random.choice(n_points, size=1, replace=False)
            random_guess[idx] += remaining
        initial_guesses.append(random_guess)
    for _ in range(5):
        even_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
        step = int(np.ceil(n_points / 4))
        for i in range(0, n_points, step):
            even_guess[i] = 1.0
        even_guess = even_guess * (target_sum / np.sum(even_guess))
        initial_guesses.append(even_guess)
    
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        result = optimize_guess(guess)
        if result is not None and objective(result) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(result)
            best_h = result
    
    try:
        result_de = optimize.differential_evolution(
            fun=objective,
            bounds=bounds,
            popsize=50,
            maxiter=300,
            mutation=(0.6, 0.9),
            recombination=0.75,
            tol=1e-10,
            vectorized=True
        )
        if result_de.success:
            result_slsqp = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=result_de.x,
                method='SLSQP',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
            )
            if result_slsqp.success and objective(result_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(result_slsqp.x)
                best_h = result_slsqp.x
    except:
        pass
    
    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s - 50:
        try:
            result = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=best_h,
                method='L-BFGS-B',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
            )
            if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(result.x)
                best_h = result.x
        except:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```