<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral. The current best is around 0.38092, and we need to get it down to 0.380876 or lower. 

First, I need to understand the problem better. The function h(x) is a step function over [0,2] with values in [0,1], and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, for each shift k, we compute the overlap between h and the complement of h shifted by k, and then take the maximum of these values. Our task is to find h that minimizes this maximum value.

The previous code uses SLSQP optimization with multiple initial guesses and perturbations. However, it's not achieving the desired bound. Let's think about possible improvements.

Looking at the lessons from earlier attempts, using SLSQP with equality constraints is recommended. The previous code already does that, so maybe that's not the issue. Perhaps the problem is with the initial guesses or the optimization parameters.

The initial code uses several initial guesses: structured, binary, random uniform, and periodic. Maybe these aren't sufficient. Also, the optimization might be getting stuck in local minima. To avoid that, maybe we need better initial guesses or a different optimization approach.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a covering problem, where we want to distribute the mass of h such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. Maybe using a more structured approach, like dividing the interval into regions with specific patterns.

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm or other population-based optimization could help escape local minima. However, given the time constraints, maybe a better approach is to refine the existing method.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = len(initial_h_values)), which is 100. Maybe using a smaller n_points would be faster and allow more iterations. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So perhaps reducing n_points could help.

But the initial_h_values might be for n=100. Let me check: the initial code uses initial_h_values, which is presumably a 100-sample array. So maybe starting with n=100 is okay, but perhaps trying different n_points could be better.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or varying the perturbation strategies could help. Also, maybe using different optimization methods, like using a combination of local and global optimization.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe combining it with a global optimizer like differential evolution could help find better initial points. However, differential evolution might be slower, but with the time budget, perhaps it's manageable.

Alternatively, maybe using a different parameterization. For example, instead of directly optimizing h, perhaps using a Fourier series or another basis to represent h, which could allow for more efficient optimization.

Another angle: the overlap integral can be viewed as a convolution. The maximum over k of the convolution of h and (1 - h) shifted by k. So, perhaps there's a way to model this as a convolution problem and find h that minimizes the maximum value of this convolution.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem? Maybe using the fact that the maximum of the convolution is related to the L1 norm or other properties. However, I'm not sure.

Let me think about the constraints again. The integral of h is 1, so it's like a probability distribution. The overlap integral is the maximum over shifts of the integral of h(x) times (1 - h(x + k)). So, for each shift k, this is like the expected value of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) over x. To minimize the maximum of these values.

An approach could be to design h such that for any shift k, the overlap is as small as possible. This resembles a covering problem where h is spread out to avoid overlaps when shifted.

Perhaps using a periodic pattern with specific spacing. For example, if h is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged in a way that shifting by any k doesn't cause too much overlap. But with the integral constraint, the total length of intervals where h is 1 must be 1 (since the integral over [0,2] is 1, and dx is 2/n_points, so sum(h) = n_points/2).

Wait, for n_points=100, dx=0.02. So the total area under h is 1, which means that if h is 1 in some intervals, the total length of those intervals is 1. For example, if h is 1 in a single interval of length 1, then the rest is 0. But shifting that by k would cause overlap. However, this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, maybe using multiple intervals. For example, splitting the interval [0,2] into several regions where h is 1, spaced apart so that shifting by any k doesn't cause too much overlap. But how to determine the optimal spacing?

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a greedy approach. Start by placing regions where h is 1, then iteratively adjust them to minimize the maximum overlap. However, this is vague.

Alternatively, think of this as a game between two players: one trying to set h to minimize the maximum overlap, and the other trying to choose the worst shift k. So, we need to find h that makes the worst-case overlap as small as possible.

This resembles a minimax problem. The previous code uses a local optimization approach, but perhaps a better approach is to use a more global search.

But given the time constraints, maybe the existing approach can be improved by:

1. Using more diverse initial guesses.
2. Trying different optimization parameters, like adjusting the tolerance or maximum iterations.
3. Using a different optimization method, perhaps with better handling of constraints.
4. Incorporating more sophisticated perturbation strategies.

Looking at the previous code, the initial guesses include structured, binary, random uniform, and periodic. Maybe adding more initial guesses, like ones based on known optimal configurations or other patterns, could help.

Also, the perturbation step applies noise and scales. Maybe instead of adding uniform noise, using a different kind of perturbation, like swapping values or adjusting specific regions.

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=100). Maybe trying with a different n_points, like 200, could allow for more precise optimization, but it would take longer. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. So perhaps sticking with n=100 is better.

Wait, the initial code uses the initial_h_values, which is presumably for n=100. So maybe the initial guess is already a good starting point, but the optimization isn't finding a better solution. Perhaps the problem is that the optimization is getting stuck in local minima.

To address this, maybe using a different optimization method, like differential evolution, which is better at exploring the search space. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Switching to a global optimizer might help, but it's computationally expensive.

Alternatively, combining multiple optimization methods. For example, using differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then refining it with SLSQP.

But given the time budget, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code by:

- Increasing the number of initial guesses.
- Using different types of initial guesses, such as ones based on known optimal patterns.
- Adjusting the optimization parameters, like increasing the maximum iterations or tightening the tolerance.
- Trying different perturbation strategies.

Another idea: the overlap integral can be rewritten as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be expressed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x) - h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) is 1, this becomes 1 - integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Wait, no: the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k )) dx is equal to integral h(x) dx - integral h(x)h(x +k ) dx. Since integral h(x) dx is 1, this becomes 1 - integral h(x)h(x +k ) dx. Therefore, maximizing this expression is equivalent to minimizing the integral of h(x)h(x +k ) dx. So, the problem is to minimize the maximum over k of [1 - integral h(x)h(x +k ) dx], which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum over k of integral h(x)h(x +k ) dx. 

But I'm not sure if this helps directly. However, it's interesting to note that the problem can be rephrased in terms of minimizing the maximum cross-correlation between h and itself. So, perhaps the problem is related to designing a function h that has low cross-correlation with itself over all shifts. This is similar to the concept of a "low autocorrelation" sequence, which is used in radar and communications.

In that case, perhaps using a sequence with low autocorrelation could be beneficial. For example, using a Barker code, which has optimal autocorrelation properties. However, Barker codes are typically for binary sequences and have specific lengths. For example, the Barker code of length 11 has autocorrelation values of 1 and -1. But since our problem is over a continuous interval, maybe a similar approach could be used.

But how to translate this into a step function? Maybe using a binary sequence with certain properties. For example, if h is 1 in certain positions and 0 elsewhere, arranged to minimize the maximum overlap. However, the integral constraint requires that the total length of 1s is 1. So for n_points=100, dx=0.02, the total length of 1s is 1, which means that if h is binary, there are 50 intervals of 0.02 length (since 50 * 0.02 = 1). 

So, for example, if we arrange the 1s in a way that they are spaced apart, such that shifting by any k doesn't cause too much overlap. For instance, placing the 1s in non-overlapping intervals. However, since the total length is 1, and the interval is [0,2], which is length 2, the 1s could be placed in two separate intervals of length 0.5 each, spaced apart. But then shifting by 0.5 would cause overlap between the two intervals. 

Alternatively, spreading the 1s more evenly. For example, placing them in a way that their positions are as spread out as possible. This is similar to a greedy algorithm for placing points to minimize overlap.

But how to translate this into code? Maybe using a genetic algorithm where the fitness function is the maximum overlap integral. However, genetic algorithms can be slow, but with the time budget, perhaps it's manageable.

Alternatively, using a simulated annealing approach. However, again, this might be computationally intensive.

Another thought: the previous code uses SLSQP with equality constraints. Maybe the problem is that the optimization is not exploring the search space sufficiently. Perhaps using a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients and can handle constraints. However, Nelder-Mead might not be as efficient for high-dimensional problems.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, using differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then refining it with SLSQP.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to:

- Use more diverse initial guesses, including ones based on known low-autocorrelation sequences.
- Increase the number of initial guesses and perturbations.
- Adjust the optimization parameters to allow more iterations or tighter tolerances.
- Try different perturbation strategies, such as swapping values or adjusting specific regions.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the perturbation magnitude could help.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is maximized over k, perhaps the worst-case k is around the length of the interval where h is 1. For example, if h is 1 in a single interval of length 1, then shifting by k=0.5 would cause maximum overlap. So, maybe the optimal h is designed to have its 1s spread out in such a way that no shift causes too much overlap.

But how to model this? Perhaps by ensuring that the 1s are placed in positions that are as spread out as possible. For example, using a uniform distribution of 1s across the interval. However, this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a non-uniform distribution where the 1s are placed in a way that their positions are as far apart as possible. For example, placing them in a staggered pattern.

But without knowing the exact optimal configuration, it's hard to say. So, perhaps the best approach is to improve the existing code by trying different initial guesses and optimization strategies.

Let me think about the initial guesses in the previous code. The structured guess has 1s in two blocks (0-25 and 50-75), which might not be optimal. The binary guess is a random permutation of 50 1s and 50 0s. The random uniform guess is a smooth function. The periodic guess alternates between 1 and 0.

Maybe adding an initial guess based on a low-autocorrelation binary sequence. For example, a sequence where the 1s are placed such that their positions are as spread out as possible. For example, placing them at positions that are spaced by roughly 0.2 (since 2 / 50 = 0.04, but with 50 1s, the spacing would be 0.04). Wait, if there are 50 1s in 100 points, each 1 is spaced by 2 points (since 100 points over 2 units, so each point is 0.02 units apart). So, if the 1s are placed every other point, that would give a spacing of 0.02 units. But this would lead to high overlap when shifted by 0.02.

Alternatively, placing the 1s in a way that their positions are as spread out as possible. For example, using a greedy algorithm to place each 1 as far away as possible from the previous ones. This is similar to the problem of placing points on a circle to maximize minimal distance, but on a line.

But how to implement this? For a binary initial guess, perhaps starting with placing the first 1 at position 0, then the next at position 0.5, then 1.0, etc. However, this would lead to overlaps when shifted by 0.5.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated pattern. For example, a sequence where the 1s are placed in a way that their positions are as spread out as possible, such as using a Fibonacci-like sequence or other spacing.

But this is getting complicated. Maybe the best approach is to modify the existing code to include more initial guesses, such as a binary sequence with optimal spacing, and also adjust the optimization parameters.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the overlap integral. The current code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which returns the convolution. However, for the integral over x, the correlation result needs to be scaled by dx. But perhaps there's a more efficient way to compute this.

Wait, the overlap integral for a given shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k )) dx. For the discrete case, this is approximated by sum(h[i] * (1 - h[i + shift]) * dx), where the shift is in terms of the index. However, the np.correlate function with mode='full' returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum value of this cross-correlation multiplied by dx gives the maximum overlap integral.

But perhaps there's a way to compute this more efficiently or with better numerical stability.

Another idea: the current code uses SLSQP with equality constraints. Maybe adding inequality constraints to bound the values of h, but the problem already has h in [0,1], so that's already handled by the bounds.

Perhaps the problem is that the optimization is not converging to a good solution. To address this, maybe using a different optimization method, like the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints without requiring gradients. Or using a different solver, like IPOPT, which is more robust for nonlinear problems.

However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a good choice for this problem. Maybe increasing the maximum number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could help.

Another thing to consider: the initial guesses might not be diverse enough. For example, the structured guess has two blocks, the binary guess is random, the random uniform is smooth, and the periodic guess alternates. Maybe adding an initial guess based on a more optimal pattern, like a binary sequence with specific spacing.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach where the population consists of different h configurations, and the fitness is the overlap integral. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time budget might be challenging.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code by:

1. Adding more initial guesses, such as a binary sequence with optimal spacing.
2. Increasing the number of perturbations and varying the perturbation strategies.
3. Adjusting the optimization parameters to allow more iterations or tighter tolerances.
4. Trying different optimization methods, like using COBYLA or another solver.

But since the user mentioned that the previous code uses SLSQP and that it's already in the code, perhaps the main issue is the initial guesses and perturbations.

Let me think about the initial guesses. The structured guess has two blocks, which might not be optimal. The binary guess is random, which might not be helpful. The random uniform guess is smooth, which might be better. The periodic guess alternates, which might not be optimal.

Maybe adding an initial guess based on a binary sequence with optimal spacing. For example, placing the 1s at positions that are as spread out as possible. For n_points=100, this would mean placing 50 1s at positions 0, 0.5, 1.0, ..., 1.5, but since the interval is [0,2], maybe placing them at 0, 0.5, 1.0, 1.5, etc. However, this would require that the 1s are placed every 0.5 units, which might not be feasible with 50 1s. Wait, 50 1s would require spacing of 2/50 = 0.04 units. So, placing them every 0.04 units would give a uniform distribution. But this is what the random uniform guess does.

Alternatively, using a binary sequence where the 1s are placed in a way that their positions are as spread out as possible. For example, using a greedy algorithm: place the first 1 at the start, then the next as far to the right as possible without overlapping with the first, etc. But this is complex to implement.

Alternatively, using a known optimal sequence. For example, the binary sequence that minimizes the maximum overlap. However, without knowing such a sequence, it's hard to proceed.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations and varying the perturbation magnitude could help. For example, applying larger perturbations initially and then smaller ones as the optimization proceeds.

Also, the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=5000 for the initial optimization and 3000 for perturbations). Maybe increasing these numbers could allow the optimizer to find better solutions, but this would take more time.

Given the time budget of 100 seconds, it's important to balance between exploration and exploitation. The previous code already runs multiple initial guesses and perturbations. Perhaps the main issue is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough.

So, to improve the code, I'll add more initial guesses, such as:

- A binary sequence with 1s placed at regular intervals.
- A binary sequence with 1s placed in a staggered pattern.
- A binary sequence based on a known optimal configuration (if any).

Additionally, I'll adjust the perturbation strategy to include more varied perturbations, such as swapping values or adjusting specific regions.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the overlap integral. The current code uses np.correlate, which might have numerical issues. Perhaps using a more precise method, like computing the convolution manually with proper indexing.

But given the time, perhaps it's better to proceed with modifying the existing code.

So, the plan is:

- Add more initial guesses, such as a binary sequence with regular spacing.
- Increase the number of initial guesses and perturbations.
- Adjust optimization parameters to allow more iterations.
- Use different perturbation strategies.

Now, implementing this in code.

The initial code uses initial_h_values, which is presumably a 100-sample array. Let's assume that initial_h_values is a good starting point, but maybe adding more initial guesses could help.

For example, adding an initial guess where the 1s are placed every other point (binary pattern), but scaled to have sum 50. For n_points=100, this would be a periodic guess with 1s at even indices. However, the periodic guess is already included.

Another idea: create an initial guess where the 1s are placed in a way that they are as spread out as possible. For example, using a binary sequence where the 1s are placed at positions that are as far apart as possible. This can be done by placing the first 1 at position 0, the next at position 0.5, then 1.0, etc. However, for 50 1s, this would require spacing of 0.04 units, which is what the random uniform guess does. So perhaps that's already covered.

Alternatively, using a binary sequence where the 1s are placed in a way that their positions are as spread out as possible. For example, using a greedy algorithm to place each 1 as far away as possible from the previous ones. This would require iterating through the positions and placing 1s in the middle of the available space. However, implementing this is complex.

Given time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to include more initial guesses and adjust the perturbation strategies.

So, modifying the code:

- Add an initial guess based on a binary sequence with 1s placed every other point (periodic guess is already there).
- Add an initial guess based on a binary sequence with 1s placed in a way that they are as spread out as possible (e.g., using a greedy algorithm).
- Increase the number of initial guesses.
- Increase the number of perturbations and vary the perturbation magnitude.

But how to implement the greedy algorithm for placing 1s? Let's think: for a binary sequence with 50 1s, we can start by placing the first 1 at position 0. Then, the next 1 should be placed as far to the right as possible without overlapping with the first. However, since the total length is 1, this might not be feasible. Alternatively, for a continuous interval, placing the 1s at positions that are as spread out as possible would mean placing them at positions 0, 0.5, 1.0, 1.5, etc. But with 50 1s, this would require spacing of 0.04 units, which is what the random uniform guess does.

Alternatively, for the initial guess, create a binary sequence where the 1s are placed at positions that are spaced by 0.04 units, which is the same as the random uniform guess. But this is already covered.

Perhaps the main issue is that the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. To address this, increasing the number of perturbations and varying the perturbation magnitude could help.

Another idea: instead of adding uniform noise, use a more targeted perturbation, such as swapping values or adjusting specific regions. For example, in the perturbation step, instead of adding noise, randomly swap some 1s and 0s to create a new configuration.

But implementing this would require modifying the perturbation code.

Putting it all together, the revised code would:

- Include more initial guesses.
- Use different perturbation strategies.
- Adjust optimization parameters.

Now, translating this into code.

The previous code has initial_guesses with structured, binary, random uniform, and periodic. Let's add a new initial guess based on a binary sequence with 1s placed every other point (already included as periodic guess). Maybe add a guess based on a binary sequence with 1s placed in a way that they are as spread out as possible, but I'm not sure how to generate that.

Alternatively, add a guess based on a binary sequence where the 1s are placed in a staggered pattern. For example, alternating between 1 and 0, but with some offset. However, this is similar to the periodic guess.

Another idea: use a binary sequence where the 1s are placed in a way that their positions are as spread out as possible, such as using a greedy algorithm. For example, placing the first 1 at position 0, then the next at position 0.5, then 1.0, etc. But with 50 1s, this would require spacing of 0.04 units. So, for n_points=100, this would mean placing 1s at positions 0, 0.5, 1.0, ..., 1.5, which is 50 points. But since the interval is [0,2], this would require placing 1s at positions 0, 0.5, 1.0, 1.5, which is only 4 points. So this approach isn't directly applicable.

Perhaps it's best to stick with the existing initial guesses and focus on improving the optimization process.

In the previous code, the perturbation step applies noise and scales. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations and varying the noise magnitude could help. For example, applying larger noise initially and smaller noise later.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=5000 for initial optimization and 3000 for perturbations). Maybe increasing these numbers could allow better convergence, but this would take more time.

Given the time budget, perhaps the best approach is to modify the code to include more initial guesses and adjust the perturbation strategy.

So, the revised code would:

- Add more initial guesses, such as a binary sequence with 1s placed in a staggered pattern.
- Increase the number of perturbations.
- Adjust the perturbation strategy to include larger variations.

Now, implementing this.

The initial_guesses list can be expanded. For example, adding a guess where the 1s are placed in a way that they are spread out as much as possible. For example, using a binary sequence where the 1s are placed at positions that are as far apart as possible. This could be done by placing the first 1 at position 0, then the next at position 0.5, then 1.0, etc., but this would require a specific pattern.

Alternatively, for the initial guesses, use a binary sequence where the 1s are placed in a way that they are spaced evenly. For example, placing them at positions i * (2 / (n_points / 2)) for i from 0 to n_points/2 - 1. This would create a uniform distribution of 1s.

But this is similar to the random uniform guess.

Another idea: use a binary sequence where the 1s are placed in a way that they are as spread out as possible. For example, using a greedy algorithm to place each 1 as far to the right as possible without overlapping with previous ones. This would require iterating through the positions and placing 1s in the middle of the available space.

But implementing this is complex. For simplicity, perhaps using a binary sequence where the 1s are placed every other point, which is already included as the periodic guess.

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to proceed with the existing code, but with more initial guesses and perturbations.

So, the final code would include more initial guesses and adjust the perturbation strategy. Additionally, perhaps using a different optimization method, like COBYLA, which handles bounds and constraints.

But the previous code uses SLSQP. Maybe switching to COBYLA could help, as it doesn't require gradients and might explore the search space better.

However, without knowing the exact impact, it's hard to say. Given the time, I'll proceed with modifying the existing code to include more initial guesses and perturbations.

The final code would look something like this:

- Add more initial guesses, such as a binary sequence with 1s placed every other point (already there), a binary sequence with 1s placed in a staggered pattern, and a random binary sequence.
- Increase the number of initial guesses.
- Increase the number of perturbations.
- Adjust the perturbation strategy to include larger variations.

But to keep it concise, I'll modify the existing code to include more initial guesses and adjust the perturbation steps.

The final code would be as follows.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_h_values.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Generate multiple initial guesses
    initial_guesses = [initial_h_values]
    
    # Structured binary guess
    structured_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
    structured_guess[0:25] = 1.0
    structured_guess[50:75] = 1.0
    initial_guesses.append(structured_guess)
    
    # Random binary guess
    binary_guess = np.random.permutation(np.concatenate([np.ones(50), np.zeros(50)]))
    initial_guesses.append(binary_guess)
    
    # Random uniform guess
    random_guess = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
    random_guess = random_guess * (target_sum / np.sum(random_guess))
    initial_guesses.append(random_guess)
    
    # Periodic guess
    periodic_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
    for i in range(n_points):
        if i % 2 == 0:
            periodic_guess[i] = 1.0
    periodic_guess = periodic_guess * (target_sum / np.sum(periodic_guess))
    initial_guesses.append(periodic_guess)
    
    # Add a guess with 1s spaced evenly
    even_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
    for i in range(n_points // 2):
        even_guess[i * 2] = 1.0
    even_guess = even_guess * (target_sum / np.sum(even_guess))
    initial_guesses.append(even_guess)
    
    # Evaluate each initial guess
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Ensure the guess is valid
        guess = np.clip(guess, 0, 1)
        guess = guess * (target_sum / np.sum(guess))
        # Run optimization
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 5000}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    
    # Additional perturbations to refine the solution
    for _ in range(150):  # Increase number of perturbations
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s:
            break
        # Perturb the best_h with varying noise
        noise = np.random.uniform(-0.05, 0.05, n_points)
        perturbed = best_h + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 3000}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```