<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral. The current best is around 0.38092, and we need to get it down to 0.380876 or lower. 

First, I need to understand the problem better. The function h is a step function over [0,2], with integral 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. Our task is to find h that minimizes this maximum value.

The previous approach used SLSQP with perturbations and adaptive noise. But maybe that's not sufficient. Let me think about possible improvements.

The lessons mentioned that using SLSQP with equality constraints is helpful. The previous code already does that. So maybe the issue is with the optimization strategy. Perhaps the initial guess is too local, leading to suboptimal solutions. Also, the perturbation approach might not be exploring enough diverse regions of the search space.

Another idea: maybe using a different optimization method. For example, genetic algorithms or simulated annealing could explore more diverse solutions. However, given the time constraints (100 seconds), these might be too slow. Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimization method with better initial guesses.

Wait, the initial guess is given via initial_h_values. Maybe starting from that is good, but perhaps we can use a different initial guess. For example, using a more optimal initial configuration, like a periodic or symmetric pattern.

Another observation: the overlap integral is maximized over k. So, the problem is to design h such that for all shifts k, the overlap is minimized. This resembles a covering problem, where h and 1-h should not overlap too much for any shift.

What if we model this as a convolution problem? The integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx is equivalent to the convolution of h and (1 - h) evaluated at k, scaled by dx. So, the maximum of this convolution is what we need to minimize.

In signal processing terms, this is like finding a function h such that its convolution with (1 - h) has a minimum maximum value. This might relate to the concept of a "balanced" function, where h and 1-h are as non-overlapping as possible.

Perhaps a better approach is to use a more structured initial guess. For example, using a piecewise constant function with certain symmetries. For instance, dividing the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 0 or 1, but arranged in a way that minimizes overlap.

Alternatively, maybe using a Fourier-based approach. Since the problem involves convolutions, Fourier analysis might help. The convolution theorem states that the Fourier transform of the convolution is the product of the Fourier transforms. However, since we are dealing with a maximum over k, this might not directly apply. But perhaps analyzing the Fourier coefficients could give some insight.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a binary sequence (since h is a step function) that minimizes the maximum cross-correlation with its complement. In coding theory, this is similar to designing codes with low cross-correlation. Maybe techniques from that field could be applicable.

But since h is a step function, not necessarily binary, perhaps a binary approach could be a starting point. However, the problem allows h to take any value between 0 and 1, so maybe a more continuous approach is better.

Let me think about the previous code. It uses perturbations around the initial guess, but maybe the initial guess is not optimal. The initial_h_values might be a suboptimal starting point. So, perhaps generating a better initial guess could help.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization strategy. For example, using a gradient-based method with more sophisticated constraints. Or using a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the parameter space more efficiently.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations and varying the noise parameters could help. Also, maybe using a different initial guess, like a more optimal one.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a multi-objective optimization approach. For example, trying to minimize the maximum value by considering multiple shifts k simultaneously. However, this might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, using a grid search over possible h configurations, but with n_points up to 1000, this would be computationally expensive. However, given the time budget, maybe a more efficient search is needed.

Wait, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The previous code uses n_points = 100 (since initial_h_values is given for n=100). Maybe trying with a smaller n_points could be better, but the problem says to prefer smaller sequences. However, the current best might be achieved with higher n_points. But since the user says smaller sequences are preferred, perhaps trying with n_points=50 or 100 is better.

But the initial code uses n_points=100. Let's check the constraints. The sum of h must be n_points / 2. So for n_points=100, sum(h) must be 50.

Another possible improvement: instead of using random perturbations, use a more systematic approach. For example, using a genetic algorithm where each individual is a possible h function, and we evolve them to minimize the C5 value. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time constraints might be challenging, but perhaps manageable.

Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach, which is a population-based stochastic optimization method. PSO could explore the search space more effectively than simple perturbations.

But given the time budget, maybe a better approach is to refine the existing method. For example, using a more efficient optimization method, or adjusting the parameters of the existing approach.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations and varying the noise parameters could lead to better results. Also, perhaps using a different initial guess, like a more optimal one.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a dual approach. For example, for each possible k, we can try to minimize the overlap, but since it's a max over k, this is a min-max problem. This is challenging, but maybe we can use a penalty method where we penalize large overlaps for different k.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization method that can handle the constraints better. For example, using a trust-region method or a more advanced solver.

Wait, the previous code uses scipy's minimize with SLSQP. Maybe using a different solver, like COBYLA, which doesn't require gradients, could be better. Or using a different optimization method.

Another observation: the current code's objective function is the maximum of the convolution. However, the maximum is a non-differentiable function, which might make the optimization difficult. Perhaps approximating the maximum with a smooth function could help the optimizer.

Alternatively, using a different formulation. For example, instead of directly minimizing the maximum, we can introduce a variable t and minimize t subject to the constraint that for all k, the convolution is ≤ t. However, this is an infinite number of constraints, which is not feasible. But perhaps we can sample a finite set of k values and use those as constraints. However, this would be an approximation.

But given the time constraints, maybe this is not feasible. Alternatively, using a Monte Carlo approach to sample k values and minimize the maximum over those samples. However, this is also an approximation.

Another idea: since the integral is over x, and the shift k can be any real number, but in the discretized case, the shifts are limited by the grid. For the discretized case, the convolution is computed over the full mode, which gives all possible shifts. However, the maximum over all k is what we need. So, the previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the convolution for all possible shifts. The maximum of this is the C5 value.

So, the problem reduces to finding h that minimizes the maximum value of this convolution.

Now, thinking about the previous code's approach: it starts with an initial guess, then perturbs it and optimizes. However, maybe the initial guess is not good enough. The initial_h_values provided might be a suboptimal starting point. So, perhaps generating a better initial guess could help.

For example, what if we start with a more optimal initial guess? Like a function that is 1 on [0, 1] and 0 on [1, 2], but that would have a high overlap. Alternatively, a more balanced function.

Alternatively, using a function that is 0.5 on [0, 2], but that would have integral 1 (since 0.5 * 2 = 1). However, the overlap would be 0.5 * 0.5 = 0.25 for any shift, so the maximum would be 0.25. But this is better than the current record. Wait, but this seems too good. What's wrong here?

Wait, if h(x) is 0.5 for all x, then 1 - h(x) is also 0.5. The integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx would be 0.5 * 0.5 * 2 = 0.5. Because for any shift k, the integral over x of 0.5 * 0.5 dx is 0.25 * 2 = 0.5. Wait, no. Wait, the integral is over x, and the function is 0.5 * 0.5 = 0.25, multiplied by the length of the interval. Wait, the integral would be 0.25 * 2 = 0.5. So the maximum C5 would be 0.5. Which is worse than the current record. So that's not helpful.

Hmm, so a uniform function isn't good. So the initial guess must be more structured.

Another idea: perhaps using a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged in a way that minimizes overlap. For example, a periodic function with certain period. But since the interval is [0,2], maybe a function that is 1 on [0, a] and 0 on [a, 2], but then the overlap would depend on a. However, this is a binary function, and the optimal a would be such that the maximum overlap is minimized. But this might not be the best approach.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on [0, a], 0 on [a, b], and 1 on [b, 2], creating a more complex pattern. But again, this is just a guess.

Another approach is to consider the problem as a covering problem. We want h to be as non-overlapping as possible with its complement. So, for any shift k, the overlap should be small. This resembles the concept of a "balanced" function in signal processing.

Perhaps using a function that is a combination of multiple pulses, spaced in such a way that their shifts don't overlap much. For example, using a function with multiple regions where h is 1, separated by regions where h is 0. The number of regions could be related to the problem's constant C5.

But how to translate this into a step function? For example, if we divide [0,2] into n intervals, and set h to 1 in some intervals and 0 in others. The challenge is to choose which intervals to set to 1 so that the overlap is minimized.

This sounds like a combinatorial optimization problem. However, with n_points up to 100, it's computationally intensive. But maybe using a greedy approach could help. For example, starting with a certain number of intervals set to 1, and then adjusting them to minimize the overlap.

Alternatively, using a more mathematical approach. For example, considering the Fourier transform of h and 1 - h. The convolution theorem tells us that the Fourier transform of the convolution is the product of the Fourier transforms. However, since we are dealing with a maximum over k, this might not directly help. But perhaps analyzing the Fourier coefficients could give some insight.

Let me think: the overlap integral for a particular k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the integral of h(x) dx - integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. The first term is the integral of h(x) dx, which is 1. The second term is the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. So, the overlap integral is 1 - integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx over k.

So, the problem becomes finding h that maximizes the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx for all k. This is equivalent to making h as "non-overlapping" as possible with its shifted versions.

This is similar to the concept of a "maximally non-overlapping" function. In signal processing, this might relate to the concept of a "code" with low autocorrelation. For example, in radar systems, codes with low autocorrelation are used to minimize interference.

So, perhaps using a code with low autocorrelation could be helpful. For example, using a Barker code, which has optimal autocorrelation properties. However, Barker codes are typically binary and have specific lengths. For example, the Barker code of length 11 has autocorrelation values of 1 and -1. But how does this apply here?

Alternatively, using a binary sequence with certain properties. For example, a binary sequence where the autocorrelation is minimized. However, since our problem allows h to take any value between 0 and 1, not just binary, maybe a continuous version of such a sequence could be better.

But how to translate this into a step function? Perhaps using a binary-like function with certain intervals set to 1 and others to 0, arranged to minimize overlap.

Another idea: since the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx is related to the autocorrelation of h, maybe we can model this as an autocorrelation minimization problem. The goal is to minimize the maximum autocorrelation value of h.

In that case, the problem becomes similar to finding a function h with minimal maximum autocorrelation. This is a well-known problem in signal processing, and there are known results for it. For example, the optimal function for minimizing the maximum autocorrelation is a certain type of function, possibly related to the sinc function or other periodic functions.

However, since we are constrained to a finite interval [0,2] and a step function, it's challenging to directly apply these results. But perhaps we can use some of the principles.

For example, a function that is a sum of sinusoids with certain frequencies could have low autocorrelation. However, this might not be easy to translate into a step function.

Alternatively, using a function that is periodic with period 2, but since the interval is [0,2], this would mean the function repeats every 2 units. However, this might not help directly.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a greedy algorithm. Start with an initial guess, then iteratively adjust h to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, for each shift k, compute the overlap, and adjust h to reduce the largest overlap.

But how to implement this? It would require a way to adjust h based on the current maximum overlap. This could be done using gradient descent or other methods, but it's not straightforward.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code. Let's think about the previous code's limitations. It uses random perturbations around the initial guess, which might not be sufficient to escape local minima. Also, the number of perturbations is fixed at 500, which might not be enough.

Perhaps increasing the number of perturbations and using a more sophisticated exploration strategy. For example, using a combination of local optimization and global exploration. Also, using different initial guesses could help avoid local optima.

Another idea: instead of using a single initial guess, generate multiple initial guesses and optimize each one, then select the best result. This could be done by using different random seeds or different initial configurations.

Additionally, the previous code uses a fixed noise scale that decays over time. Maybe adjusting the noise parameters differently, such as using a larger initial noise and then decreasing it, could help explore the search space more effectively.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method instead of SLSQP, which doesn't require gradients. Or using a different solver like SLSQP with tighter tolerances.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with ftol=1e-9 and maxiter=300. Maybe reducing the ftol could allow for faster convergence, but it's unclear. Alternatively, using a different optimization method that is better suited for this problem.

Another thought: the objective function is the maximum of the convolution. Since this is a non-smooth function, the optimizer might have difficulty finding the minimum. Perhaps approximating the maximum with a smooth function could help. For example, using a soft maximum function, which is differentiable.

But implementing this would require modifying the objective function. However, given the time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where we penalize large values of the convolution. For example, the objective function could be the sum of the convolutions raised to a power, which would encourage minimizing the maximum. However, this is just an idea and might not be effective.

In summary, the key improvements to consider are:

1. Using a better initial guess, possibly generated through a different method.
2. Increasing the number of perturbations and varying the noise parameters to explore the search space more effectively.
3. Using a different optimization method or adjusting the parameters of the existing method to improve convergence.
4. Exploring different configurations, such as binary-like functions or structured patterns, to find better solutions.

Now, considering the previous code's structure, I can think of modifying it to include these improvements. For example, instead of using a single initial guess, generate multiple initial guesses and optimize each one. Also, adjusting the perturbation strategy to include more exploration phases.

Another idea is to use a more structured initial guess. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and setting h to 1 in certain intervals to create a pattern that minimizes overlap. For instance, if we divide [0,2] into 5 equal intervals, and set h to 1 in non-overlapping intervals. However, this is just a guess and might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on [0, 0.5], 0 on [0.5, 1.5], and 1 on [1.5, 2], creating a pattern that alternates between 1 and 0. This might reduce overlap for certain shifts, but it's not clear.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different initial guess and adjust the perturbation strategy. For example, using a more optimal initial guess generated by a different method, such as a binary-like function with certain properties.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the differential evolution algorithm, which is a global optimization method that can handle complex landscapes. However, implementing this would require changing the optimization method in the code.

But given that the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, switching to a global optimizer like differential evolution might be more effective. However, the time budget might be tight for this.

Another possibility is to use a combination of methods: first, generate a few initial guesses using different patterns, then optimize each with SLSQP. This could help avoid local minima.

In conclusion, the plan is to modify the existing code to:

- Use a better initial guess, perhaps generated by a structured pattern.
- Increase the number of perturbations and vary the noise parameters to explore more of the search space.
- Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.
- Possibly use a different optimization method if feasible.

Now, translating this into code. The initial guess is given by initial_h_values. To generate a better initial guess, perhaps create a structured pattern. For example, a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others. For instance, dividing the interval into n segments and setting h to 1 in alternating segments. However, this is just a guess.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on [0, a], 0 on [a, b], and 1 on [b, 2], with a and b chosen to balance the integral. For example, if we set a = 0.5 and b = 1.5, then the integral would be 0.5*0.5 + 0.5*0.5 = 0.5, which is less than the required 1. So we need to adjust the lengths. For example, if we set h to 1 on [0, 1] and 0 on [1, 2], the integral is 1, which is correct. But this would have a high overlap for shifts around k=0. So this isn't helpful.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on [0, 0.5], 0 on [0.5, 1.5], and 1 on [1.5, 2]. The integral would be 0.5*0.5 + 0.5*0.5 = 0.5, which is not enough. So we need to adjust. For example, if we set h to 1 on [0, 1], 0 on [1, 2], integral is 1. But this is the same as before.

Hmm, perhaps this approach isn't working. Maybe the initial guess provided by initial_h_values is better, and the previous code's issue is with the optimization strategy.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Perhaps increasing the number of perturbations and using a more adaptive strategy, such as varying the noise scale in a different way, could help.

In the previous code, the noise scale decays exponentially. Maybe using a different decay rate or a different initial noise scale could be better.

Additionally, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (500 perturbations). Maybe increasing this number would allow for more exploration.

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization method. For example, using the SLSQP method with a different tolerance or maximum iterations. Or using a different solver like COBYLA.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different initial guess and adjust the perturbation parameters.

So, the revised plan is:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Increase the number of perturbations to allow more exploration.
3. Adjust the noise scale parameters to have a more effective exploration phase.
4. Use a more efficient optimization method, possibly with tighter tolerances.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

The previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (500). Let's increase that to 1000, and adjust the noise parameters. Also, perhaps using a different decay rate for the noise scale.

Additionally, the previous code uses a fixed noise scale for each perturbation. Maybe using a larger initial noise scale and then decreasing it more slowly.

Another idea: instead of using random perturbations, use a more systematic approach, like varying the noise in different phases. For example, first exploring with larger noise, then refining with smaller noise.

In the previous code, the phase_shift is 0.1, and it decays by 0.95 each iteration. Maybe adjusting these parameters could lead to better exploration.

Also, the previous code uses SLSQP with ftol=1e-9 and maxiter=300. Perhaps reducing the ftol could allow for faster convergence, but it's unclear.

Another possible improvement: using a different initial guess. For example, generating a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint. However, the initial_h_values is already provided, so maybe using that is better.

In conclusion, the revised code would:

- Increase the number of perturbations.
- Adjust the noise scale parameters for better exploration.
- Possibly use a different optimization method or adjust the existing one.

Now, implementing these changes in code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Adaptive perturbation strategy with varying noise and exploration phases
    num_perturbations = 1000  # Increased for better exploration
    phase_shift = 0.15  # Initial noise magnitude
    phase_decay = 0.97  # Decay factor for noise magnitude
    
    for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
        # Adaptive noise magnitude based on phase
        noise_scale = phase_shift * (phase_decay ** perturbation_idx)
        
        # Initial exploration with larger noise for first half
        if perturbation_idx < num_perturbations // 2:
            noise = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, n_points)
        else:
            # Refinement with smaller noise
            noise = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, n_points)
        
        # Generate perturbed guess
        perturbed = best_h + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Optimization with SLSQP
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-8, 'maxiter': 200}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```