<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral. The previous approach used SLSQP with perturbations, but maybe we can do better.

First, I need to understand the current setup. The initial guess is given by initial_h_values, which is a 100-point array. The objective is to minimize the maximum correlation between h and 1-h shifted by different k. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, so the sum of h values multiplied by dx equals 1.

The previous code uses a perturbation strategy with decreasing noise, but maybe that's not the most effective. Let me think about possible improvements.

Lesson 1 says to use SLSQP with equality constraints. The current code already does that, so maybe that's not the issue. But perhaps the optimization parameters could be adjusted. For example, increasing the number of iterations or using a better initial guess.

Another idea: the previous approach uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe instead of perturbing the same way each time, we can use a more systematic exploration, like simulated annealing or genetic algorithms. However, with the time budget, maybe a more efficient local search is better.

Wait, the problem mentions that smaller n_points (like less than 1k) are preferred. The initial guess is 100 points, which is acceptable. But maybe using a different starting point could help. For example, starting with a more optimal initial guess could lead to better results.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe instead, we can use a multi-start approach with different initial guesses, but that might be time-consuming. Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization method, like Bayesian optimization, could be better. However, integrating that might be complex.

Alternatively, maybe we can model the problem as a convex optimization problem. But since the objective is the maximum of correlations, which is non-convex, that's not straightforward. So we need to rely on local optimization methods.

Another angle: the overlap integral is maximized over k. To minimize this maximum, perhaps we can find a function h that spreads out the 1s and 0s in such a way that shifting h by any k doesn't create a large overlap. For example, using a periodic or symmetric pattern.

Wait, the Erdős problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, so maybe a good approach is to design h to have a certain structure. For instance, using a piecewise constant function with multiple intervals where h is 0 or 1, arranged to minimize overlap when shifted.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem? Maybe the current approach is too heuristic. Perhaps we can use a different parameterization. For example, instead of a continuous function, represent h as a set of intervals with specific values, and optimize the positions and lengths of these intervals.

Alternatively, consider that the maximum correlation occurs when the shift k is such that the overlap between h and 1-h is maximized. So, perhaps we can model this as a problem where we need to balance the overlaps for different shifts. However, this seems complex.

Let me think about the current code's limitations. The perturbation approach might get stuck in local minima. Maybe using a more global search strategy would help. For example, using a genetic algorithm where each individual is a candidate h function, and we evolve them over generations. However, with the time budget, this might be challenging.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimizer like differential evolution could help escape local minima. But differential evolution might be slower, so we need to balance between exploration and computation time.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could help. Also, the initial guess might be important. The initial_h_values might not be the best starting point. Maybe generating a better initial guess could lead to better results.

Another idea: the problem is similar to designing a function that is as "spread out" as possible. For example, using a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that shifting it doesn't create large overlaps. Maybe using a sinusoidal function or a piecewise linear function.

But how to incorporate that into the optimization? Perhaps by parameterizing h with certain parameters and optimizing those. For example, if we assume h is a piecewise constant function with certain intervals, we can define the parameters as the positions and widths of these intervals.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient way to compute the maximum correlation. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. However, for a function h of length n_points, the correlation will have length 2n_points - 1. But since the original interval is [0,2], the shifts k would range from -2 to +2. However, the maximum correlation might occur at certain specific shifts, so maybe we can focus on those.

But I'm not sure. Let's think about the correlation calculation. The overlap integral for a shift k is ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx. For the interval [0,2], when x + k is outside [0,2], the integral is over the overlapping region. However, the np.correlate function with mode 'full' computes the cross-correlation for all possible shifts, including those that go beyond the original array. But since the function is defined on [0,2], perhaps the actual shifts we care about are those where x + k is within [0,2]. However, the code as written computes all possible shifts, which might include some that are not relevant. But maybe that's handled by the dx scaling.

Alternatively, maybe the maximum occurs at certain specific shifts, like k=0, k=1, etc. But I'm not certain. The current code computes the maximum over all possible shifts, which is correct.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe instead of perturbing the same way each time, we can use a more systematic approach, like varying the noise in different ways or using different starting points.

Wait, the initial guess is given as initial_h_values. Maybe starting from that is good, but perhaps generating a better initial guess could help. For example, using a more optimal initial configuration. However, without knowing the optimal configuration, it's hard to say.

Another idea: the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap. So, perhaps we can model this as a minimax problem. However, solving such problems is challenging. The current approach uses a local optimization method, which might not find the global minimum.

Let me think about the parameters in the previous code. The number of perturbations is 500, which might be too high or too low. Also, the noise scale decreases exponentially. Maybe adjusting these parameters could help. For example, using a larger number of perturbations with varying noise scales.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method, which doesn't require gradients. Or using a trust-region method. But the current code uses SLSQP, which is a good choice for constrained problems.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (300) for each optimization. Maybe increasing that could lead to better results, but it would take more time. However, with the time budget, we need to balance between the number of perturbations and the iterations per optimization.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. The current code recomputes the correlation each time, which might be computationally expensive. However, with n_points=100, it's manageable.

Wait, the problem mentions that the current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. So, even a small improvement would be valuable. The previous code achieved 0.380972, which is slightly worse. So, the goal is to find a better solution.

Perhaps the previous approach's issue is that it's too local. Maybe using a different initial guess could help. For example, starting with a different initial configuration that's closer to the optimal solution.

Alternatively, using a different parameterization. For example, instead of representing h as a step function with values between 0 and 1, maybe using a different structure. However, the problem requires h to be a step function, so the current approach is appropriate.

Another idea: the maximum correlation is over all k. Maybe we can model this as a problem where we need to minimize the maximum of several functions. However, this is a non-convex problem, so it's challenging.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where we penalize large correlations. But that's similar to the current approach.

Wait, the current code's objective function is the maximum correlation. So, during optimization, the algorithm tries to minimize this maximum. However, the optimization is done with respect to h, which is a vector of values. The challenge is that the maximum is a non-smooth function, which might make the optimization difficult.

Perhaps using a different optimization method that can handle non-smooth objectives. For example, using a proximal gradient method or a subgradient method. However, implementing that from scratch might be complex.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to approximate the maximum. For example, instead of computing the exact maximum, we can approximate it with a smoothed version. But this might not be necessary.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe instead, we can use a more adaptive approach, where we track the best solution found so far and use it as the starting point for subsequent optimizations. This is what the current code does, but perhaps with more aggressive exploration.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses. For example, generating multiple initial guesses based on the initial_h_values and perturbing them in different ways, then optimizing each one. However, this would require more computational resources.

But given the time budget, maybe the best approach is to refine the existing method. For example, increasing the number of perturbations, adjusting the noise scale, or using a different optimization method.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations (300). Maybe increasing the number of iterations per optimization could help. However, that would take more time. Alternatively, using a smaller number of iterations but more perturbations.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed noise scale that decreases exponentially. Maybe instead, using a different noise schedule, such as a larger initial noise and a slower decay, to allow for more exploration early on.

Also, the initial perturbations are done with noise scaled by phase_shift * phase_decay^perturbation_idx. Maybe adjusting phase_shift and phase_decay could lead to better exploration.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a single initial guess, generate multiple initial guesses by varying the initial_h_values in different ways. For example, applying different transformations to the initial guess, such as flipping parts of it or adjusting the positions of the steps.

But how to implement that? Maybe generating several initial guesses and running the optimization for each, then selecting the best one. However, this would require more computational time.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values might not be the best starting point. Maybe generating a better initial guess by using a more optimal structure, like a periodic function or a specific pattern that's known to be good for minimizing overlap.

But without prior knowledge of such a structure, it's hard to say. However, perhaps the initial_h_values is already a good starting point, and the problem is with the optimization process.

Another angle: the current code uses a fixed n_points of 100. Maybe using a different n_points could lead to better results. For example, using a larger n_points allows for more detailed functions, but increases computation time. However, the problem states that smaller n_points are preferred. So perhaps keeping n_points at 100 is better.

In summary, the main ideas for improvement could be:

1. Adjust the perturbation strategy to allow for more effective exploration.
2. Use a different optimization method or adjust parameters of the current method.
3. Generate better initial guesses.
4. Use a more efficient way to compute the objective function or handle the constraints.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing method by adjusting the perturbation parameters and increasing the number of iterations or perturbations. Also, using a different initial guess if possible.

Wait, the problem states that the initial_h_values are available. Maybe the initial guess is not optimal, so generating a better initial guess could help. For example, using a different initial construction, like a more evenly distributed step function.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial_h_values are already a good starting point, and the issue is with the optimization process. So, adjusting the optimization parameters, such as increasing the number of iterations or using a different method.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations (500). Maybe increasing that number would allow for more exploration, but with the time budget, it's a trade-off. However, if each perturbation takes a certain amount of time, increasing the number might exceed the budget.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method instead of SLSQP, which might converge faster. However, L-BFGS-B doesn't handle equality constraints as directly as SLSQP. So, perhaps using a different approach to handle the constraints.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP with an equality constraint. That's correct. So, perhaps the problem is that the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. To address this, using a different initial guess or a more global search strategy.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the current best solution, use a random restart approach where each perturbation is a completely random guess, but this might be too slow.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: start with the initial guess, then perform a series of local optimizations with different perturbations, and track the best solution found.

In the previous code, the perturbations are added to the best_h, scaled to maintain the sum. Maybe instead of adding noise, we can use a different perturbation strategy, such as flipping certain points or adjusting the values in a structured way.

But without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to say. Perhaps the current approach is the best possible given the time constraints.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses a fixed phase_decay of 0.95, which reduces the noise scale quickly. Maybe using a slower decay, allowing for more exploration in later perturbations.

Also, the initial phase_shift is 0.1. Maybe increasing it to allow for larger initial perturbations.

So, modifying the perturbation parameters: increasing the initial noise scale and slowing down the decay.

Additionally, increasing the number of perturbations to allow for more exploration.

Another thing: the current code checks if the perturbation is successful and updates the best_h. Maybe adding a check for whether the perturbed solution is feasible (i.e., sum is correct) and adjusting accordingly.

But the code already scales the perturbed solution to maintain the sum. So that's handled.

Putting this all together, the plan is to adjust the perturbation parameters to allow for more effective exploration, increase the number of perturbations, and possibly adjust the optimization parameters.

So, the revised code would:

- Use a larger initial noise scale.
- Use a slower decay for the noise scale.
- Increase the number of perturbations.
- Possibly adjust the optimization parameters, like increasing the number of iterations per optimization.

Now, translating this into code changes.

In the previous code, phase_shift is 0.1, phase_decay is 0.95. Let's try increasing phase_shift to 0.2 and decreasing phase_decay to 0.9, so that the noise decreases more slowly. Also, increasing num_perturbations to 1000, but need to check if that's feasible within the time budget.

But with the time budget of 100 seconds, each perturbation takes some time. For example, if each optimization takes 0.1 seconds, then 1000 perturbations would take 100 seconds. However, the previous code's perturbations may take longer. So, need to balance.

Alternatively, keeping num_perturbations at 500 but increasing the number of iterations per optimization.

Another change: in the previous code, the noise is added to the best_h, then scaled. Maybe instead of adding noise, we can generate a completely new guess each time, but that might not be efficient.

Alternatively, using a different perturbation strategy, like randomizing certain parts of the array.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the perturbation parameters and increase the number of perturbations.

So, modifying the code:

- Increase phase_shift to 0.2.
- Decrease phase_decay to 0.95 (or 0.9).
- Increase num_perturbations to 1000.
- Maybe increase the number of iterations per optimization.

But need to ensure that the code runs within the time budget.

Another possible change: using a different optimization method. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which doesn't require gradients and can handle non-smooth objectives. However, it might be slower.

Alternatively, using the 'COBYLA' method, which handles bounds and constraints.

But the current code uses SLSQP, which is suitable for this problem.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (300) for each optimization. Maybe reducing that number to save time and allow more perturbations.

But this is a trade-off. If each optimization takes less time, more perturbations can be done.

In summary, the revised code would adjust the perturbation parameters to allow for more effective exploration and possibly increase the number of perturbations, while keeping the optimization parameters tuned for speed and accuracy.

Now, implementing these changes in the code.

The final code would have:

- A larger initial noise scale (phase_shift = 0.2).
- A slower decay (phase_decay = 0.9).
- More perturbations (num_perturbations = 1000).
- Possibly adjusting the number of iterations per optimization.

Also, ensuring that the code tracks the best solution and stops when the time is up.

Another possible improvement: using a different initial guess. However, the initial_h_values are provided, so we can't change that unless we generate a better one. But without knowing how to generate a better one, it's not possible.

Thus, the main changes are to the perturbation strategy and parameters.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Adaptive perturbation strategy with varying noise and exploration phases
    num_perturbations = 800  # Increased for better exploration
    phase_shift = 0.2  # Larger initial noise magnitude
    phase_decay = 0.95  # Slightly slower decay for more exploration
    
    for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
        # Adaptive noise magnitude based on phase
        noise_scale = phase_shift * (phase_decay ** perturbation_idx)
        
        # Generate perturbed guess with larger initial noise and slower decay
        noise = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, n_points)
        perturbed = best_h + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Optimization with SLSQP
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 200}  # Reduced iterations for speed
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```