<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral. The previous approach used a perturbation-based optimization with SLSQP, but maybe we can do better.

First, I need to understand the problem better. The function h is a step function on [0,2], with integral 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. We need to minimize this maximum value.

The previous code used a random perturbation approach, but maybe there's a better way. Let's think about possible improvements.

One idea is to use a different optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization method could help escape local minima. However, global optimization is computationally expensive. Alternatively, maybe a more structured approach, like using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing, could be effective. But given the time budget, maybe we need something more efficient.

Another angle is to consider the structure of the optimal h. The Erdős problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, so perhaps the optimal h has some symmetry or specific patterns. For example, maybe it's a piecewise constant function with certain intervals set to 0 or 1. But how to find such a structure?

Alternatively, maybe we can model this as a convex optimization problem. However, the objective function involves a maximum of integrals, which makes it non-convex. So that's tricky.

Wait, the previous code uses a perturbation strategy with adaptive noise. Maybe we can improve that by varying the perturbation strategy more effectively. For example, instead of adding noise uniformly, maybe we can focus on regions where the function is less optimal. Or use a multi-phase approach: first explore widely, then refine.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe we can dynamically adjust the number based on time remaining. Also, the noise scale decays over time, which is good for refinement. But perhaps the initial exploration phase could be more aggressive.

Also, the initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which might be a good starting point. But maybe starting from a different initial guess could lead to better results. For example, using a different construction like a periodic function or a specific pattern.

Wait, the problem mentions that the previous code achieved a C5 of 0.380972, and the target is 0.380876. So we need to find a better solution. How can we improve?

Perhaps using a more efficient optimization method. The SLSQP method might get stuck in local minima. Maybe using a different solver, like COBYLA or BFGS, but with constraints. Or maybe using a combination of methods.

Alternatively, we can try to use a different approach for the optimization. For example, instead of perturbing the current best solution, maybe we can use a gradient-based method with a better initial guess.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is the maximum over k, perhaps we can model this as a minimax problem. However, solving such problems directly is challenging. Maybe we can approximate it by considering a finite set of k values, but that's not straightforward.

Wait, the integral is over x, and the shift k. The correlation function is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), which gives the integral for different shifts. The maximum of these values multiplied by dx is C5.

So, the problem reduces to finding h that minimizes the maximum of these correlations.

Another approach is to use a variational method. Suppose we consider the function h as a binary variable (0 or 1), but that's not allowed here since h is a step function with values in [0,1]. However, maybe we can approximate it with a binary function, but that's probably not helpful here.

Alternatively, think about the problem as a resource allocation problem. The integral of h is 1, so it's like distributing a unit of "mass" over [0,2]. The overlap with shifted versions of h needs to be minimized.

Maybe we can use a greedy approach: iteratively adjust h to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, find the shift k that gives the highest overlap, then adjust h to reduce that overlap. But how to implement this?

Alternatively, consider using a gradient descent approach. The objective function is the maximum of several integrals. However, the maximum is not differentiable, so this complicates things. But perhaps we can approximate the gradient using subgradients or use a differentiable approximation.

Wait, the previous code uses a numerical optimization approach with perturbations. Maybe we can enhance that by using a better initial guess. For example, using a different initial_h_values. But the problem says that initial_h_values is available, so maybe we can start from that.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe we can use a more adaptive approach, where we track the progress and adjust the number of iterations or the noise scale based on how much improvement is being made.

Also, the code uses a fixed noise scale decay. Perhaps varying the decay rate or using a different strategy for noise magnitude could help. For example, increasing the noise scale when the improvement plateaus.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, maybe use a global optimization method like differential evolution. However, differential evolution might be slower, but with the given time budget, perhaps it's manageable. Let's think: for n_points=100, each evaluation of the objective function involves computing the correlation, which is O(n^2) time. But with 100 points, it's manageable.

But the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe using a different optimization method could yield better results.

Alternatively, we can try to use a combination of methods: start with a global search to find a good initial guess, then refine with local optimization.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to improve the perturbation strategy and optimization parameters.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. It uses 500 perturbations, with noise scale decaying by 0.95 each time. The initial exploration phase is the first 50 perturbations with larger noise. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or adjusting the noise parameters could help.

Another thing: the code uses a fixed number of perturbations, but maybe we can dynamically adjust based on time. For example, if we have more time left, perform more perturbations.

Also, the current code uses a fixed number of iterations for the SLSQP solver. Maybe increasing the maxiter could help, but that would take more time.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds, which is more efficient for certain problems.

Wait, the constraints are that the sum of h is fixed. So the optimization problem is a constrained optimization problem with a box constraint on each variable and an equality constraint on the sum.

The previous code uses SLSQP, which handles constraints. Maybe using a different solver like 'SLSQP' with better settings, or 'COBYLA' which doesn't require gradients.

But how to choose? Let's think about the objective function. The objective is the maximum of the correlations. Since this is a non-smooth function (due to the max), the gradients might be difficult to compute. However, the numerical optimization methods can handle this with finite differences.

Another idea: instead of using a random perturbation, maybe use a more structured perturbation. For example, perturb regions where the current h is contributing to high overlap.

Alternatively, use a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the search space more efficiently. But that might be complex to implement within the time budget.

Another angle: the current code uses a fixed n_points. Maybe trying different n_points could help. For example, using a smaller n_points (like 50 or 100) might be faster, but the previous code uses 100. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization.

But the initial_h_values is given with n_points=100. So maybe we can stick with that.

So, to improve the previous code, perhaps:

1. Use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, which is better at exploring the search space.
2. Adjust the perturbation strategy to be more effective.
3. Use a better initial guess, maybe by starting from a different construction.
4. Adjust the parameters of the optimization (like noise scale, number of iterations, etc.)

But how to implement this in code?

Let me think about using differential evolution. The scipy.optimize.differential_evolution function can be used for global optimization. However, the objective function is the maximum of the correlations, which is what we want to minimize.

But differential evolution might be slower than SLSQP. However, with the given time budget, perhaps it's manageable.

Alternatively, combine differential evolution with local optimization. For example, use differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then refine with SLSQP.

But let's think about the code structure. The previous code uses a loop with perturbations and SLSQP. Maybe replacing that with differential evolution could be better.

Alternatively, use a multi-start approach with SLSQP, starting from multiple initial guesses.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, perhaps we can use a penalty method where the objective function is the maximum of the integrals, and then use a solver that can handle this.

But the previous code already does that by computing the max of the correlations.

So, perhaps the main issue is the optimization method. Let's try using differential evolution.

But how to set up the bounds and constraints. The differential evolution requires bounds on each variable, and the equality constraint (sum of h equals target_sum) can be handled by adding it as a constraint.

Wait, differential evolution can handle constraints via the bounds and by adding constraints. However, the constraints in scipy's differential_evolution are handled via the bounds and the constraints parameter. But I'm not sure. Let me check.

Actually, scipy's differential_evolution doesn't support constraints directly. So, to handle the equality constraint, we can use a penalty method. For example, add a penalty term to the objective function that penalizes deviations from the sum constraint.

But that might complicate things. Alternatively, we can use a method that allows constraints, like SLSQP, but with a better initial guess.

Alternatively, use the 'SLSQP' method with a better initial guess and more iterations.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe instead of perturbing the current best solution, we can generate multiple initial guesses and optimize them in parallel. But with 10 CPUs, perhaps we can do that.

But given the time budget, maybe it's better to focus on improving the existing approach.

Let me think about the parameters. The previous code uses 500 perturbations. Maybe increasing that number could help, but with the time budget, perhaps not. Also, the noise scale decays by 0.95 each time, which is a slow decay. Maybe using a faster decay or varying the noise scale differently.

Alternatively, using a two-phase approach: first, a global search with larger noise, then a local refinement with smaller noise.

Another idea: instead of adding noise to the current best solution, generate random initial guesses and optimize them. But that would require more computational resources.

Alternatively, use a population-based approach where multiple candidate solutions are evolved over time.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and see if that helps.

Wait, but how to handle the equality constraint? Let's think. The sum of h must be equal to target_sum. So, during the optimization, we can enforce this by using a penalty term. For example, the objective function could be the maximum correlation plus a penalty for deviation from the sum constraint.

But this might make the optimization more complex. Alternatively, use a solver that can handle constraints, like SLSQP, which the previous code already does.

So, perhaps the main issue is the optimization method. Let's try using a different solver, like 'L-BFGS-B', which is a local optimizer but might converge faster.

Alternatively, use 'COBYLA' which handles bounds and constraints.

But the previous code uses SLSQP. Let me think about the parameters. The previous code uses ftol=1e-9 and maxiter=300. Maybe increasing the maxiter could help, but that would take more time.

Another idea: use a more aggressive initial perturbation and then refine. For example, in the initial phase, allow larger changes to the h values to explore the search space more thoroughly.

Alternatively, use a multi-start approach with different initial guesses.

But given the time, perhaps the best way is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, but with the constraints handled via penalty.

Alternatively, use a combination of methods. For example, use differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then refine with SLSQP.

But how to implement that? Let's think.

First, define the objective function as the maximum correlation, and then use differential evolution to minimize it, with the constraint that the sum of h is target_sum. However, differential evolution can't handle constraints directly, so we need to add a penalty term.

So, the objective function would be:

def objective(h):
    one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
    corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr) * dx
    # Add penalty for sum(h) not equal to target_sum
    penalty = 1e4 * abs(np.sum(h) - target_sum)
    return max_corr + penalty

Then, use differential evolution to minimize this objective function. However, this might not be very effective, as the penalty term could dominate if the sum is not met. But with a sufficiently large penalty coefficient, the optimizer would try to meet the constraint.

But this approach might be less efficient than using a constrained optimizer like SLSQP.

Alternatively, use the SLSQP method with better parameters. For example, increasing the maxiter and adjusting the tolerance.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe instead of doing perturbations, use a more systematic approach, like using a grid search over certain parameters, but that's not feasible for high-dimensional problems.

Alternatively, use a Bayesian optimization approach, which is more efficient in exploring the search space. However, implementing Bayesian optimization would require additional libraries and code.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and see if that helps. Let's try that.

But how to handle the constraints? Let's proceed.

So, the code would generate an initial guess, then use differential evolution to minimize the objective function, with bounds on each h[i] between 0 and 1, and a penalty term for the sum constraint.

But the differential evolution might take longer, but with the given time budget, maybe it's manageable.

Alternatively, use a multi-start approach with SLSQP, where multiple initial guesses are generated and the best one is kept.

But given the previous code's structure, perhaps modifying the perturbation strategy and using a different solver would be better.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed noise scale decay. Maybe instead of decaying the noise scale, we can have a phase where we increase the noise scale when the improvement slows down. But that's more complex.

Alternatively, use a larger number of perturbations and adjust the noise scale more aggressively.

In the previous code, the noise scale starts at 0.1 and decays by 0.95 each time. Maybe increasing the initial noise scale or changing the decay rate could help.

Another idea: instead of adding noise to the current best solution, generate random initial guesses and optimize them. This is a multi-start approach, which can help escape local minima.

But with the given time budget, this might be computationally intensive.

Alternatively, combine both approaches: use a few random initial guesses and then perturb the best solution.

But given that the initial_h_values is provided, maybe starting from that is better.

Putting this all together, here's a plan:

- Use a combination of random initial guesses and perturbations of the current best solution.
- Use a more efficient optimization method, like differential evolution or a different SLSQP setup.
- Adjust the noise parameters to explore the search space more effectively.
- Use a larger number of perturbations or adjust the decay rate of the noise scale.

But given the time, perhaps the best way is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and see if that helps.

However, implementing differential evolution with the constraints is a bit tricky. Let's think about how to do that.

Alternatively, use the SLSQP method with a better initial guess and more iterations.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe instead of doing 500, do fewer but with more aggressive noise, then refine.

Alternatively, use a more efficient way to generate perturbations. For example, instead of adding uniform noise, use a Gaussian distribution with a certain standard deviation.

But the previous code uses uniform noise, which might be better for exploration.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses a fixed dx (2.0 / n_points), which is correct. The sum of h must be n_points / 2.

So, putting all this together, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and see if that helps.

But given that the previous code uses SLSQP, and the problem is constrained, maybe using a different solver isn't the way to go. Instead, perhaps adjusting the parameters of the existing approach.

For example, increasing the number of perturbations, adjusting the noise scale, or using a different optimization method within the same framework.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP, use the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a local optimizer but might converge faster. However, it requires the objective function to be differentiable, which it is, since the max is a non-differentiable point, but numerical derivatives can be used.

Alternatively, use the 'COBYLA' method, which handles bounds and constraints.

Let me try modifying the previous code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP. COBYLA is a derivative-free method that can handle bounds and constraints. This might be more effective in some cases.

So, changing the optimization method to 'COBYLA' and see if that helps.

Another parameter adjustment: increasing the number of iterations for the optimizer. For example, setting maxiter to 500 instead of 300.

Also, adjusting the noise scale decay. Maybe using a faster decay rate, like 0.9, to reduce noise more quickly.

Another thing: the initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which might be a good starting point. But perhaps generating a better initial guess could help. For example, using a different construction, like a periodic function or a specific pattern.

But since the initial_h_values is provided, maybe we can stick with that.

So, modifying the code:

- Change the optimization method to 'COBYLA'.
- Increase the maxiter for the optimizer.
- Adjust the noise scale decay.

Let me try implementing this.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe increasing that number could help, but with the time budget, perhaps not.

Alternatively, use a more aggressive initial exploration phase.

In summary, the plan is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method (like COBYLA) and adjust the parameters to improve the search.

Now, let's think about implementing this in code.

The previous code uses SLSQP. Changing the method to 'COBYLA' would require adjusting the optimizer parameters.

So, the code would look like this:

In the minimize call, change the method to 'COBYLA'.

Also, adjust the constraints. The previous code uses {'type': 'eq', 'fun': ...} for the sum constraint.

COBYLA can handle bounds and constraints.

Another thing: the objective function is the maximum correlation, which is what we want to minimize.

So, modifying the code as follows:

In the minimize call, set method='COBYLA', and adjust the options.

Also, increasing the maxiter to 500 or more.

Another adjustment: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (500). Maybe increasing this number could help, but with the time budget, perhaps not.

Alternatively, reduce the number of perturbations but increase the maxiter for each optimization.

But I'm not sure. Let's proceed.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed noise scale decay. Maybe using a different decay rate, like 0.9, to reduce noise more quickly.

So, adjusting phase_decay to 0.9.

Also, in the initial exploration phase, maybe using a larger noise scale.

Putting this all together, the modified code would use COBYLA instead of SLSQP, with adjusted parameters.

But I need to test this in code.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe using a larger number of perturbations could help, but with the time budget, perhaps not. However, with the given time, maybe it's manageable.

So, the final code would be a modified version of the previous code, using COBYLA and adjusting parameters.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed number of perturbations, use a dynamic approach based on time remaining. For example, if there's more time left, perform more perturbations.

But implementing that would require tracking the elapsed time and adjusting the number of perturbations accordingly.

In conclusion, the plan is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method (like COBYLA), adjust the noise parameters, and possibly increase the number of iterations for the optimizer to find a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Adaptive perturbation strategy with varying noise and exploration phases
    num_perturbations = 300  # Reduced for better time management
    phase_shift = 0.15  # Larger initial noise magnitude
    phase_decay = 0.92  # Faster decay for noise magnitude
    
    for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
        # Adaptive noise magnitude based on phase
        noise_scale = phase_shift * (phase_decay ** perturbation_idx)
        
        if perturbation_idx < 50:
            # Initial exploration with larger noise
            noise = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, n_points)
        else:
            # Refinement with smaller noise
            noise = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, n_points)
        
        # Generate perturbed guess
        perturbed = best_h + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Optimization with COBYLA
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'disp': False}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```