<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code uses a perturbation-based approach with SLSQP optimization, but maybe there's a better way.

First, I should understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by k. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The maximum over all k is C₅. So, we want to minimize this maximum value.

The previous code starts with an initial guess and then perturbs it, using SLSQP to optimize. But maybe that's too local. Perhaps a different approach could yield better results. Let me think about possible strategies.

One idea is to use a more global optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a genetic algorithm or a particle swarm optimization could explore the search space more effectively, avoiding local minima. However, those methods might be slower, but since the time budget is 100 seconds, maybe with some optimizations it's feasible.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess. The current initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which might be a specific construction. Maybe trying different initial configurations could help. For example, using a more evenly distributed step function or a specific pattern that's known to be good for similar problems.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that minimizes the maximum overlap with its shifted versions. This resembles a problem in signal processing where you want a signal that doesn't correlate too much with its shifts. Maybe techniques from that field could be useful. For instance, using a function with certain symmetry properties or periodicity.

Wait, the function is defined on [0,2], and the integral is 1. So the average value is 0.5. The overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum of these over k.

Another approach: since the integral of h is 1, maybe the function h is designed to have regions where it's 1 and 0 in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, if h is a step function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a certain pattern. But how to arrange that?

Alternatively, maybe using a more sophisticated optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP with perturbations, but perhaps adding more constraints or using a different optimization strategy could help. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the parameter space more efficiently.

But given the time constraints, maybe a better approach is to use a different initial guess and adjust the optimization parameters. For instance, the initial guess might be suboptimal, so trying different initial configurations could lead to better results.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model it as a minimax problem. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the overlap integrals. This can be approached by using a convex optimization method if we can reformulate it. However, the overlap integrals are non-convex, so it's challenging.

Wait, the previous code uses the max of the correlation, which is the same as the maximum overlap integral. The correlation is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'). The maximum of these values multiplied by dx gives C₅. So the code is trying to minimize that maximum value.

Maybe the key is to find a function h that has low correlation with its shifted versions. One way to achieve this is to have h be aperiodic or have certain properties that make the overlap small. For example, if h is a square wave with certain frequencies, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that is piecewise constant with specific intervals. For instance, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 1 or 0, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

But how to determine the optimal arrangement? Maybe using a genetic algorithm where the chromosomes represent the positions of the steps in h. However, implementing that from scratch might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which might get stuck in local minima. Perhaps using a different solver, like COBYLA or another method that handles constraints better. Or using a combination of global and local search.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe varying the number of perturbations or using a more adaptive strategy based on the current best solution. For example, increasing the number of perturbations as the solution improves, or using a cooling schedule similar to simulated annealing.

Wait, the initial code has a phase_shift and phase_decay, which controls the noise magnitude. Maybe adjusting those parameters could help. For example, starting with larger noise to explore the space, then reducing it for finer adjustments.

But perhaps the main issue is that the initial guess is not good enough. The initial_h_values might be a specific construction that isn't optimal. If I can find a better initial guess, that could lead to better results.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess, such as a function that is more evenly distributed. For example, a function that is 1 for half the interval and 0 for the other half, but arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. However, such a simple function might not be optimal.

Wait, the integral of h is 1, so if h is 1 on an interval of length 1 and 0 elsewhere, then the overlap integral for shifts that don't overlap would be zero, but for shifts that do overlap, it would be some value. However, this might not be optimal.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model it as an optimization problem where we try to make all overlaps as small as possible. This is a minimax problem, which can be approached by using a penalty method. However, solving this directly might be computationally intensive.

Alternatively, using a more efficient numerical method. For example, using a gradient-based optimizer with better settings. The previous code uses SLSQP with ftol=1e-9, which might be too strict. Maybe relaxing the tolerance could allow faster convergence.

Another idea: since the overlap integral depends on the correlation between h and 1-h shifted by k, perhaps we can find a function h that has low autocorrelation. This is similar to the concept of a low autocorrelation binary sequence, which is used in code design. Maybe applying similar principles here.

For example, in coding theory, sequences with low autocorrelation are desired. Perhaps constructing a function h that is similar to such sequences. However, since h is a step function with integral 1, it's a bit different.

Alternatively, considering that the function h is a step function, maybe we can model it as a binary sequence (0s and 1s) with certain properties. However, the integral constraint requires that the sum of h is n_points / 2, so exactly half of the samples are 1s and half are 0s. But since n_points is even? Wait, the initial guess has n_points=100, which is even. So maybe using a binary sequence with exactly half 1s and half 0s, arranged to minimize the maximum overlap.

This seems similar to the problem of finding a binary sequence with low autocorrelation. For example, the Barker codes have low autocorrelation, but they are for specific lengths. However, for our case, the length is 100, and we need to arrange 50 1s and 50 0s.

But how to find such a sequence? Maybe using a genetic algorithm to evolve such a sequence. However, implementing that within the time constraints might be challenging.

Alternatively, perhaps using a greedy approach. For example, placing the 1s in positions that minimize the overlap with their shifted versions. But how to do that?

Another thought: the maximum overlap integral occurs when the shift k is such that the overlap between h and 1-h is maximized. So, for each possible shift, we need to ensure that the overlap is small. Perhaps the optimal h is one that is as "spread out" as possible, so that when shifted, the overlap with 1-h is minimized.

But how to translate this into a function?

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to the problem of finding a function that is as "balanced" as possible. For example, if h is a square wave with certain frequency, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

But perhaps the key is to use a more sophisticated optimization approach. The previous code uses SLSQP with perturbations, but maybe using a different optimization method, such as a Bayesian optimization or a particle swarm optimization, could explore the search space more effectively.

However, implementing a particle swarm optimization from scratch might be time-consuming. Alternatively, using a different solver in scipy.optimize, like differential evolution, which is a global optimizer.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe switching to a global optimizer like differential evolution could help escape local minima. Let me think: differential evolution is a population-based method that can explore the search space more thoroughly, which might lead to better results.

So, perhaps modifying the code to use differential evolution instead of SLSQP. However, differential evolution might be slower, but with the given time budget, it's worth trying.

But how to set up the objective function and constraints for differential evolution? The constraints are that the sum of h is fixed. So, the objective is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is the max of the correlations.

But differential evolution can handle constraints via penalty functions. However, since the sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2, we can add a constraint to the optimization problem.

Alternatively, during the optimization, we can ensure that the sum is maintained by scaling the perturbed values. For example, when generating a new candidate solution, we can normalize it to meet the sum constraint.

So, perhaps using differential evolution with a penalty for the sum constraint. However, this might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, during the optimization process, whenever we generate a new candidate, we can adjust it to meet the sum constraint. For example, after generating a perturbed solution, we can scale it so that the sum is correct.

But how to integrate this into the optimization process. Maybe using a custom mutation and crossover strategy that maintains the sum constraint.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method with a better initial guess and more iterations. The previous code had a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations and using a more adaptive strategy could help.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (500), but perhaps varying the number based on the progress. For example, if the best_c5 isn't improving, increasing the number of perturbations or adjusting the noise scale.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses. For example, starting from the initial_h_values and several other random initial guesses, then selecting the best one.

But generating multiple initial guesses might take more time. However, given the time budget, it's possible.

Another consideration: the current code uses a fixed n_points of 100. Maybe trying with a different number of points could yield better results. For example, using a larger n_points might allow for a more precise function, but it could also increase computation time. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization.

But the initial code uses n_points=100, which is manageable. Maybe trying with a smaller n_points, like 50 or 100, but the current code uses 100. So perhaps sticking with that.

Another thing to consider: the evaluation of the correlation is done via np.correlate, which for mode='full' returns the correlation at all possible shifts. However, for the interval [0,2], the shifts k can range from -2 to 2. But the maximum overlap integral is the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. However, when k is such that x + k is outside [0,2], the integral is over the overlapping region. So, the np.correlate function might not be handling this correctly. Wait, no: the np.correlate with mode='full' returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts, but the integral is over the overlapping region. However, the code multiplies by dx, which is 2/n_points. So perhaps the code is correctly approximating the integral.

But maybe there's a mistake here. For example, when shifting by k, the integral is over x where both x and x + k are in [0, 2]. The np.correlate function computes the sum over all x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)), but for the full mode, it's considering all possible shifts. However, the actual integral would require integrating over the overlapping region. But the code uses the full mode and multiplies by dx, which might be an approximation. However, the problem states that the evaluation uses np.correlate with mode='full' multiplied by dx. So the code is correct in that aspect.

So, the main issue is how to find a better h that minimizes the maximum overlap.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a dual approach. For each possible shift k, we can try to minimize the overlap, but since it's a maximin problem, it's challenging. However, perhaps using a gradient-based method with a more efficient optimization strategy.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initial guess. The initial_h_values might be a specific construction. For example, if it's a simple step function that alternates between 1 and 0, but perhaps a better initial guess could be a more complex pattern.

But without knowing what initial_h_values is, it's hard to say. However, the user says that the initial_h_values is available, so maybe it's a known good starting point. But perhaps trying different initial guesses could help. For example, generating random initial guesses with the correct sum, and then optimizing them.

But generating random initial guesses might not be efficient. However, given the time budget, it's worth trying.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe instead of perturbing the best solution each time, we could use a more diverse set of initial guesses. For example, starting with the initial_h_values and several other random initial guesses, then running the optimization on each and selecting the best.

But how to implement that within the time budget? For example, if we have 5 different initial guesses, each with their own optimization, it could take more time. However, the previous code already has a perturbation strategy, so maybe combining that with multiple initial guesses could help.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints well. Or using a different solver like SLSQP with adjusted parameters.

Another consideration: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (300) for each optimization. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could lead to better results, but it would take more time. However, the code checks the elapsed time and stops if it exceeds the budget.

So, perhaps adjusting the number of iterations per optimization, or using a more efficient method.

Putting this all together, here's a plan:

1. Use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, which is a global optimizer. This could help escape local minima and find better solutions.

2. Use a better initial guess. The initial_h_values might be suboptimal, so trying different initial configurations could help. For example, using a random initial guess with the correct sum.

3. Adjust the optimization parameters, such as the number of iterations, tolerance, and noise scale in the perturbation strategy.

4. Implement a more adaptive perturbation strategy, perhaps with varying noise scales and exploration phases.

But given the time constraints, implementing differential evolution might be feasible. Let me think about how to set that up.

The differential evolution method in scipy.optimize.differential_evolution can handle the constraints. However, the constraints here are that the sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. So, during the optimization, we can ensure that the sum is maintained by scaling the perturbed values.

Alternatively, we can use a penalty function to penalize deviations from the required sum. However, this might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, during the mutation and crossover steps, we can ensure that the sum is maintained. For example, after generating a new candidate solution, we can normalize it to meet the sum constraint.

But how to integrate this into the differential evolution process. Maybe by defining a custom mutation and crossover function, but that might be complex.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method with a better initial guess and more iterations.

Another idea: since the previous code uses a perturbation strategy, perhaps combining it with a global optimizer. For example, using differential evolution to explore the search space, then using SLSQP for local refinement.

But given the time, perhaps switching to differential evolution would be better.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution instead of SLSQP. Let's outline the steps:

- Define the objective function as the maximum overlap integral.

- Use differential evolution to minimize this objective, with the constraint that the sum of h is exactly n_points / 2.

But how to handle the constraint. The differential evolution method can handle bounds and constraints via the constraints parameter. However, the sum constraint is an equality constraint.

So, the constraints would be:

- Bounds: each h[i] is between 0 and 1.

- Equality constraint: sum(h) = n_points / 2.

But differential evolution might have difficulty with equality constraints. Alternatively, we can enforce the sum constraint by normalizing the solution after each mutation.

For example, during the optimization, whenever a new candidate is generated, we can scale it so that the sum is correct. This way, the equality constraint is always satisfied.

So, the objective function would be the maximum overlap integral, and during the optimization, the sum is maintained by scaling.

But how to implement this. The differential evolution method in scipy.optimize.differential_evolution allows for bounds and constraints, but handling equality constraints might be tricky. Alternatively, we can use a penalty function.

Alternatively, we can use the SLSQP method with the initial guess and more iterations, but with a better perturbation strategy.

Alternatively, using a combination of global and local optimization. For example, using differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then using SLSQP for refinement.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to switch to differential evolution with the sum constraint enforced by scaling.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution. Let's outline the code:

- Define the objective function as the maximum overlap integral.

- Use differential evolution with bounds [0, 1] for each h[i].

- Add a constraint that the sum of h is exactly n_points / 2. However, since differential evolution can't handle equality constraints directly, we can use a penalty function.

But this might not be efficient. Alternatively, during the optimization, whenever we generate a candidate solution, we can scale it to meet the sum constraint. This way, the sum is always correct.

So, the code would generate a candidate solution, then scale it so that the sum is n_points / 2. This ensures that the constraint is always satisfied.

Thus, the objective function would be the maximum overlap integral, and the candidate solutions are always scaled to meet the sum constraint.

This approach would avoid the need for explicit constraints. However, the differential evolution method may not be aware of this scaling, so we need to handle it in the objective function.

Wait, no. The differential evolution method generates candidate solutions, and we can modify them before evaluating the objective function. For example, in the objective function, after generating a candidate, we scale it to meet the sum constraint, then compute the overlap integral.

But how to integrate this into the differential evolution process. The differential evolution method would generate a candidate solution, and we can process it before evaluating the objective function.

So, the code would look like:

def objective(h):
    h_scaled = h * (target_sum / np.sum(h))  # scale to meet the sum constraint
    # compute the overlap integral
    one_minus_h = 1.0 - h_scaled
    corr = np.correlate(h_scaled, one_minus_h, mode='full')
    return np.max(corr) * dx

But this way, the sum of h is always correct. However, this approach might not be compatible with the differential evolution method, as the scaling could introduce discontinuities in the objective function.

Alternatively, during the mutation and crossover steps, we can ensure that the sum is maintained. But this is complex.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method with a better initial guess and more iterations.

But given the time, perhaps the previous approach of using SLSQP with perturbations is better, but with some adjustments.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations and using a more adaptive noise scale could help. For example, starting with larger noise to explore the space, then reducing the noise as the solution improves.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses. For example, starting from the initial_h_values and several random initial guesses, then optimizing each and selecting the best.

But generating random initial guesses would take time. However, given the time budget, it's worth trying.

So, modifying the code to generate multiple initial guesses and optimize each, then selecting the best.

But how to implement that. For example, in the previous code, the initial guess is initial_h_values. We could generate several random initial guesses with the correct sum, then run the optimization on each, and keep the best result.

This could help avoid getting stuck in a local minimum.

So, the plan is:

1. Generate multiple initial guesses (e.g., 5) with the correct sum.

2. For each initial guess, run the optimization using SLSQP with perturbations.

3. Select the best result among all.

This would increase the chances of finding a better solution.

But generating random initial guesses might take time. However, since the initial guess is already provided, maybe using that and a few random ones.

Another consideration: the initial_h_values might be a good starting point. So, perhaps the previous code's initial guess is already a good one, but the optimization could be improved.

In conclusion, the main improvements could be:

- Using a different optimization method (like differential evolution) to explore the search space more thoroughly.

- Using multiple initial guesses to avoid local minima.

- Adjusting the perturbation strategy to be more adaptive.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and/or use multiple initial guesses.

However, implementing differential evolution might be complex. Alternatively, using a more efficient SLSQP approach with better parameters.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (500). Maybe increasing this number and adjusting the noise scale could help. For example, using a larger number of perturbations and varying the noise scale over time.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the correlation values.

But the main issue is the optimization method. So, perhaps switching to differential evolution.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different initial guess and adjust the optimization parameters.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 100. Maybe trying with a different n_points could yield better results. For example, using n_points=50 or 200. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. So, perhaps sticking with n_points=100 is better.

In summary, the plan is to modify the previous code to:

- Use a different initial guess (e.g., random initial guesses with correct sum).

- Increase the number of perturbations and adjust the noise scale.

- Use a more efficient optimization method, like differential evolution.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to use the previous code but with some adjustments, such as using a different initial guess and increasing the number of perturbations.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints well.

So, modifying the code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP. Let me think about how that would work.

The previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. COBYLA is another method that handles bounds and constraints. Maybe it's more efficient.

But I'm not sure. However, trying different methods could lead to better results.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (300) for each optimization. Maybe increasing this number could lead to better results, but it would take more time. However, the code checks the elapsed time and stops if it exceeds the budget.

In conclusion, the main changes to the code would be:

1. Use a different initial guess, such as random initial guesses with the correct sum.

2. Increase the number of perturbations and adjust the noise scale.

3. Use a different optimization method, like COBYLA or differential evolution.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different initial guess and increase the number of perturbations.

So, the final code would include generating multiple initial guesses, using a more adaptive perturbation strategy, and possibly using a different optimization method.

But since the previous code uses SLSQP, perhaps adjusting the parameters of SLSQP, such as increasing the number of iterations or changing the tolerance.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed noise scale that decays over time. Maybe adjusting the decay rate or the initial noise scale could help.

In the end, the code would need to be written to implement these changes. Given the time constraints, I'll proceed to write the code that uses multiple initial guesses, increases the number of perturbations, and adjusts the optimization parameters.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Generate multiple initial guesses
    num_initial_guesses = 5
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess.copy()]
    for _ in range(num_initial_guesses - 1):
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h * (target_sum / np.sum(h))
        initial_guesses.append(h)
    
    # Adaptive perturbation strategy with varying noise and exploration phases
    num_perturbations = 800  # Increased for better exploration
    phase_shift = 0.1  # Initial noise magnitude
    phase_decay = 0.95  # Decay factor for noise magnitude
    
    for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
        # Adaptive noise magnitude based on phase
        noise_scale = phase_shift * (phase_decay ** perturbation_idx)
        
        # Select a random initial guess
        current_guess = initial_guesses[np.random.randint(len(initial_guesses))]
        
        # Generate perturbed guess
        noise = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, n_points)
        perturbed = current_guess + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Optimization with SLSQP
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 300}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```