<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral. The previous code used a perturbation strategy with SLSQP optimization, but it didn't achieve the target bound. So, I need to think of a better approach.

First, let's recall the problem. We need a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, and we want to minimize the maximum overlap integral when shifted by k. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The current best is 0.38092, and we need to get lower than 0.380876.

Looking at the previous code, it starts with an initial guess and then does perturbations with decreasing noise. But maybe that's not sufficient. The lessons mentioned that using SLSQP with equality constraints is good, which the code already does. So perhaps the issue is the optimization strategy.

Alternative ideas: Maybe using a different optimization method, or a better initial guess. Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe a more adaptive approach, like simulated annealing or Bayesian optimization, could help escape local minima. But given the time budget, maybe a more efficient local search is better.

Another thought: The problem is similar to a covering problem, where we want h to be as spread out as possible to minimize overlaps. Maybe a better initial guess could be constructed by distributing the mass more evenly. For example, using a piecewise constant function with more intervals, but the previous code uses n=100 samples. Maybe increasing n_points could help, but the user prefers smaller sequences. Wait, the user says smaller sequences are preferred for speed. So maybe sticking to n=100 is better.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given, which is probably a good starting point. But maybe we can generate better initial guesses. For example, using a more optimal initial distribution. However, the user says to start from the current construction, so perhaps the initial guess is already good, but we need to optimize it better.

Another angle: The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize this maximum, we need h to be such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. This resembles a problem in signal processing where you want a signal that doesn't overlap much with its shifted versions. Maybe using a function with high frequency components, but constrained to integral 1.

But how to model this? The previous code uses SLSQP with a perturbation approach. Maybe the issue is that the perturbations are too small or not varied enough. Perhaps using a different optimization strategy, like using a genetic algorithm or particle swarm optimization, could help explore the search space better. However, those methods might be too slow within the 100s budget.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient local optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a different method like COBYLA? Or perhaps using a different objective function that penalizes higher overlaps more.

Wait, the objective function is the maximum of the correlations. But when optimizing, the maximum is a non-smooth function, which can be tricky for gradient-based methods. Maybe using a different approach to approximate the maximum, like using a penalty function that's smooth.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem. But since the maximum is involved, it's non-convex. So perhaps not.

Another idea: Since the overlap integral depends on the maximum over k, perhaps we can sample a set of k values and minimize the maximum over those samples. However, this is a heuristic and might not find the true minimum.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses. The previous code uses a single initial guess and perturbs it. Maybe generating multiple initial guesses and optimizing each could lead to better results.

But with the time budget, generating multiple initial guesses might be feasible. For example, starting with the initial_h_values, then generating several perturbations and optimizing each.

Another thought: The previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe instead, using a more adaptive approach where we track the best solution and perturb around it, but with varying strategies. For example, using a combination of large and small perturbations, or using different noise distributions.

Also, the previous code uses a phase decay for noise magnitude. Maybe adjusting the parameters of the perturbation, like increasing the number of perturbations or changing the decay rate, could help.

Wait, the previous code has num_perturbations=500, which might be too high for the time budget. Let me check the time. If each perturbation takes, say, 0.1 seconds, 500 would take 50 seconds, leaving 50 for other steps. But maybe the optimization steps are taking too long. Perhaps reducing the number of perturbations and increasing the number of iterations per optimization could be better.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradients. But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is gradient-based. Maybe combining both approaches?

Another idea: The problem is similar to a binary optimization problem, where h is a step function. Maybe using a binary representation and solving with a genetic algorithm. However, with the time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the correlation. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which might be slow for large n_points. But since n_points is 100, it's manageable.

Wait, the current code uses n_points=100. Maybe increasing n_points could help, but the user prefers smaller sequences. However, maybe trying with n_points=200 could give better results, but the user says smaller is better. So perhaps stick to n=100.

Another observation: The current best is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. So we need to reduce it by about 0.00004. That's a very small improvement. So the optimization needs to be very precise.

Perhaps the previous code's optimization is not converging enough. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in the SLSQP solver. The previous code uses maxiter=300. Maybe increasing that, but that would take more time.

Alternatively, using a different solver. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with different options, or using 'COBYLA' which doesn't require gradients. But COBYLA might be slower.

Another thought: The problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions. This is a min-max problem. Maybe using a different formulation where we minimize the maximum by introducing a variable that represents the maximum and then minimizing it with constraints. However, this would turn it into a convex problem if the constraints are convex, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where the objective is the maximum correlation plus a penalty for violating the sum constraint. But the sum constraint is already handled via equality constraints.

Hmm. Let me think about the previous code again. It starts with an initial guess, then does perturbations. Each perturbation is a random noise added to the current best, scaled to maintain the sum. Then, it runs SLSQP on that perturbed guess. The problem might be that the perturbations are too small, leading to local minima. Maybe using larger perturbations initially and then refining.

Alternatively, using a multi-phase approach: first, perform a global search with larger perturbations, then a local search with smaller ones. The previous code does some of this with phase_shift and phase_decay, but maybe adjusting those parameters could help.

Another idea: Instead of adding random noise, maybe using a more structured perturbation, like flipping certain intervals of h. For example, if the current h has a value of 0.5 in some region, maybe flipping it to 0 or 1 in a way that reduces the overlap. However, this would require more complex logic.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to select the next perturbation that is most likely to improve the objective. But implementing Bayesian optimization within the time constraints might be challenging.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to improve the perturbation strategy and optimization parameters. For example:

1. Increase the number of perturbations to allow more exploration.
2. Adjust the noise scale parameters to have a more effective exploration phase.
3. Use a different optimization method or adjust the SLSQP parameters for better convergence.
4. Use a better initial guess, perhaps by generating multiple initial guesses and selecting the best.

Wait, the user mentioned that the initial_h_values are available. Maybe the initial guess is not optimal, and generating a better initial guess could help. For example, using a more optimal initial distribution, like a piecewise constant function with certain intervals set to 1 or 0.

But how to generate that? Maybe using a greedy approach to distribute the mass to minimize overlaps. However, that's part of the optimization problem.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess, such as a sine wave or other periodic function, but constrained to integral 1. However, without knowing the optimal structure, this is speculative.

Another thought: The overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) dx is 1, this becomes 1 - integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, the overlap integral is 1 - ∫h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫h(x)h(x + k) dx over k.

So, the problem is equivalent to finding h that maximizes the minimum of the cross-correlation with itself over all shifts k. This is similar to a problem in signal processing where you want a signal with low cross-correlation with itself, which is related to code design in communications.

In that context, optimal sequences are those with low autocorrelation, like Barker codes. However, Barker codes are for binary sequences and have specific lengths. For our case, since h is a step function with integral 1, maybe a similar approach could be used.

But how to apply this? Perhaps constructing h such that the cross-correlation is as low as possible. For example, using a sequence that is as spread out as possible.

But given the integral constraint, maybe a better approach is to use a piecewise constant function with certain intervals set to 1 and others to 0, such that the overlap when shifted is minimized. However, with the integral constraint, the total length of intervals set to 1 must be 1 (since integral is 1 over [0,2], so area is 1, so if it's a step function with value 1 on some intervals and 0 elsewhere, the total length of the 1s is 1).

So, for example, if we have intervals of length 1/2, then the function would be 1 on two intervals of length 0.5 each. But this might not be optimal. Alternatively, distributing the 1s over more intervals to reduce overlaps.

But how to model this? It's a combinatorial optimization problem. However, with n_points=100, it's possible to model this as a binary optimization problem where each sample is either 0 or 1, but the sum must be 50 (since dx=2/100=0.02, sum(h) = 1 / dx = 50). However, the previous code uses real numbers between 0 and 1, which allows for more flexibility.

But perhaps using a binary approach could lead to better results. However, with the time constraints, it's unclear. Maybe the previous code's approach of using real numbers is better.

Back to the previous code. Let me think about possible improvements:

- The previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (500). Maybe increasing this number could allow more exploration, but with the time budget, it's a trade-off. However, if each perturbation takes a short time, it might be feasible.

- The noise scale starts at 0.1 and decays by 0.95 each time. Maybe adjusting the decay rate to allow for more exploration in the early phases.

- The optimization uses SLSQP with maxiter=300. Perhaps increasing the maxiter could allow better convergence, but again, time is a factor.

Another idea: Instead of perturbing the current best solution, maybe using a population-based approach where multiple solutions are maintained and evolved. However, implementing this within the time budget might be challenging.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, starting with a more optimal initial guess generated by some heuristic. For instance, distributing the 1s as evenly as possible. For n_points=100, the ideal would be to have the 1s spread out every 0.02 units (since dx=0.02). But how to model this?

For example, if the function is 1 on intervals of length 0.02, spaced evenly. But this would require 50 intervals of 0.02 each, totaling 1. However, this would create a step function with 50 intervals of 1 and 50 of 0. But this might not be optimal for minimizing overlaps.

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern, like a sinusoidal function, but constrained to integral 1. However, this is not straightforward.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to improve the perturbation strategy and optimization parameters. For example:

- Increase the number of perturbations to allow more exploration.
- Adjust the noise scale parameters to have a more effective exploration phase.
- Use a different optimization method or adjust the SLSQP parameters for better convergence.

Let me outline the changes:

1. Increase the number of perturbations to 1000, allowing more exploration.
2. Adjust the phase_decay to a smaller value (e.g., 0.9) to maintain larger noise for more iterations.
3. Use a different initial guess, perhaps by generating a better initial distribution.
4. Increase the maxiter in SLSQP to allow more refinement.

But how to generate a better initial guess? The initial_h_values provided might already be good, but maybe we can generate a better one. For example, using a more optimal distribution.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial_h_values are not the best, and generating a different initial guess could help. However, without knowing what initial_h_values is, it's hard to say. The user says to start from the current construction, so perhaps we should stick with it.

Another idea: Instead of adding random noise, use a more structured perturbation, like swapping values between intervals. But this would require more complex code.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is suitable for bound-constrained problems. However, since we have an equality constraint, SLSQP is still appropriate.

Another possible improvement: Precompute all possible shifts and use a more efficient way to compute the maximum overlap. However, the current code already uses np.correlate, which is efficient.

In summary, the plan is to modify the previous code by:

- Increasing the number of perturbations to allow more exploration.
- Adjusting the noise scale parameters to maintain larger perturbations for longer.
- Increasing the maxiter in SLSQP to allow better convergence.
- Using a more efficient way to handle the optimization steps.

Now, let's translate this into code changes. The previous code has num_perturbations=500. Let's increase it to 1000. Also, adjust phase_decay to 0.9 instead of 0.95. Also, increase maxiter to 500. Additionally, perhaps use a different initial guess if possible, but since we have to start from initial_h_values, we can't change that.

Another possible change: Instead of using a fixed noise scale, maybe use a different strategy for the noise, like varying it based on the current best solution.

But given the time, let's proceed with modifying the existing code as follows:

- Increase num_perturbations to 1000.
- Set phase_decay to 0.9.
- Increase maxiter to 500.
- Maybe reduce the initial noise scale to 0.2 to allow larger perturbations.

Wait, the initial phase_shift was 0.1. Maybe increasing it to 0.2 would allow more exploration initially.

Also, in the previous code, the perturbed guess is scaled to maintain the sum. This is important to ensure the constraint is satisfied.

Another thing to consider: The objective function is the maximum of the correlations. To make the optimization more effective, perhaps we can approximate this maximum by using a subset of k values. However, this is a heuristic and might not be accurate.

Alternatively, during the optimization, we can compute the maximum over all possible k, which is what the code does.

Putting it all together, the modified code would have:

- More perturbations.
- Larger initial noise.
- Slower decay of noise.
- More iterations per optimization.

Now, let's write the code accordingly. Also, to save time, perhaps reduce the number of iterations in the optimization steps if needed, but given the time budget, it's better to try.

Another possible optimization: Use a different solver. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with tighter tolerances.

So, the final code would look something like this, with the adjustments mentioned.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Adaptive perturbation strategy with varying noise and exploration phases
    num_perturbations = 1000  # Increased for better exploration
    phase_shift = 0.2  # Larger initial noise magnitude
    phase_decay = 0.9  # Slower decay for more exploration
    
    for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
        # Adaptive noise magnitude based on phase
        noise_scale = phase_shift * (phase_decay ** perturbation_idx)
        
        # Generate perturbed guess
        noise = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, n_points)
        perturbed = best_h + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Optimization with SLSQP
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 500}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```