<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to find a step function h on [0, 2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The problem requires minimizing C₅ = max_k ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx, with constraints that h is between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. 

First, I remember that the current best bound is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and the target is to get it down to 0.3807. The initial solution provided is a set of 45 samples, which I can use as a starting point. 

The challenge here is that this is a non-convex optimization problem because the objective involves products of h(x) and h(x+k), making it non-linear and potentially hard to optimize. Direct methods like gradient descent might struggle with local minima. So, I need a strategy that can navigate this complex landscape efficiently.

One approach could be to use a particle swarm optimization (PSO) or similar metaheuristic, which is good for non-convex problems. Alternatively, maybe a genetic algorithm could be effective. But since time is limited (600 seconds), I need a method that's fast enough to explore the parameter space within the budget. 

Wait, but the problem also allows for using CVXPY with certain relaxations. However, the problem is non-convex, so a direct convex relaxation might not be feasible. Alternatively, maybe I can relax some parts of the problem to make it convex. For example, using a quadratic programming approach by approximating the product terms with some convex functions. However, I need to be careful not to introduce significant errors that would lead to worse bounds. 

Alternatively, since the overlap integral can be viewed as a correlation between h and 1-h, maybe there's a way to model this with a convolution, which might be amenable to some optimization techniques. But convolution operations are often used in signal processing, and I'm not sure how to apply them here. 

Another thought: since the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], the function h is a density. The problem is to minimize the maximum overlap between h and 1-h shifted by different lags. To minimize the maximum overlap, we want h to spread out as much as possible to avoid overlapping with itself when shifted. But because the total integral is fixed, there's a trade-off between coverage and overlap. 

The initial solution has h as 45 points. Maybe I can use a more structured approach, like dividing the interval [0, 2] into segments and arranging the h values to have minimal overlap when shifted. For example, using a periodic or symmetric pattern that minimizes self-overlap. 

Wait, but the function is over [0, 2], so shifting by different amounts. Maybe using a sinusoidal-like pattern? Or a piecewise constant function with intervals where h is 1 and 0, arranged to avoid overlaps. However, the integral must be 1, so the length of the intervals where h is 1 must be 1. 

But with a step function, the number of intervals would affect the overlap. For instance, if h is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart, then shifting by k would cause less overlap. However, the exact arrangement is tricky. 

Alternatively, perhaps I can use a grid of points and try different configurations. For example, using a combination of intervals where h is non-zero, ensuring that when shifted by any k, the overlap is minimized. 

But how to model this in code? The problem is that evaluating the maximum overlap for all possible shifts is computationally expensive, especially for large n_points. The current approach uses numpy.correlate with mode full, which gives the correlation for all lags. 

The key is to find a configuration of h that, when shifted, the overlap between h and 1-h is as small as possible. Since the overlap is maximized over all possible shifts, the worst case is the one that contributes most to the C₅ value. 

So, perhaps using an evolutionary algorithm that iteratively improves a population of candidate h functions. Each candidate is a set of h values, and the fitness is the maximum overlap. We can use techniques like mutation and crossover to generate new candidates. 

But given the time constraint of 600 seconds, an evolutionary approach might be too slow unless optimized. Alternatively, maybe using a gradient-based method, but the objective function is non-convex. However, for a fixed number of samples, the problem can be parameterized into variables h[0], h[1], ..., h[n_points-1], with the constraints that sum(h) = n_points/2 and each h[i] is between 0 and 1. 

Let me think about the possible methods. Since the problem is non-convex, maybe I can use a local optimization method that starts from the initial solution and tries to improve it, but there's a risk of getting stuck in local optima. Alternatively, perhaps using a convex relaxation, but I need to ensure that the solution from the relaxation can be adjusted to meet the original constraints. 

Wait, another thought: since the integrals are over the interval, maybe I can model this with a discretization that approximates the integral as the sum over samples. The current approach uses the discretized version. For a given h, the overlap integral for a shift k is the sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) multiplied by dx. But since the function is over [0,2], the shift k can be from -2 to 2, but the correlation gives lags from -n_points+1 to n_points-1. 

The numerical computation of the overlap uses numpy.correlate, which for a full mode, computes the cross-correlation between h and 1-h, but for all possible shifts. The maximum of these values multiplied by dx is the C₅ value. 

So, the problem reduces to minimizing the maximum of these cross-correlation values. 

Now, the approach could be to use a constrained optimization method. For example, using scipy.optimize's minimize function with constraints. However, the function to minimize is non-convex and may have multiple local minima, making it difficult for gradient-based methods. 

Another angle: the problem is similar to designing a function that has minimal autocorrelation, which is a known problem in signal processing. For example, the root of the problem is similar to designing a sequence with low autocorrelation, which is used in radar and communications. However, the current problem is a bit different since we are dealing with the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. 

But maybe techniques from low autocorrelation sequences can be adapted. For example, in the case of a binary sequence with certain properties, the autocorrelation is minimized. However, our h is a real-valued function, not binary. 

Wait, but for binary sequences, the maximum absolute autocorrelation is minimized, which might be a similar concept. Maybe there's a known construction for such sequences, but I'm not aware of specific ones for this problem. 

Given that, maybe I should consider using a greedy approach. For instance, starting from the initial solution and iteratively adjusting the h values to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, for each shift k, find the maximum overlap and adjust h to reduce it, but this is a local approach and might not yield the global optimum. 

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm: create a population of candidate h functions, evaluate their C₅ values, and evolve the population by selecting the best candidates, applying mutations, and crossovers. This approach can explore the solution space more thoroughly. 

But implementing an efficient genetic algorithm within the time constraint might be challenging. However, since the problem allows for n_points up to around 1000 (to fit within 600 seconds), perhaps it's manageable. 

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a ternary search approach. For example, for a given C₅ bound, determine if there exists an h function that satisfies the constraints and has maximum overlap less than or equal to that bound. Then perform a binary search on the possible C₅ values. This is a typical approach for optimization problems with a binary search on the objective. 

But how to check feasibility for a given C₅? This reduces to checking whether there exists an h function that minimizes the maximum overlap below a certain threshold. However, checking feasibility for each C₅ would require solving an optimization problem, which could be computationally expensive. 

Alternatively, using a convex relaxation for the problem. For example, since the maximum overlap is a convex function over the convex set defined by the constraints, but that's not the case here. The maximum of a set of convex functions is convex, so perhaps the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem. However, the integrand for the overlap is a product of h(x) and (1 - h(x+k)), which is non-convex. 

Wait, but if we can approximate the product with something convex, maybe. For example, using a convex relaxation of the product, but that's not straightforward. 

Alternatively, since the discretization approximates the continuous integral, maybe we can model the problem as a binary optimization problem. Let's consider a finer discretization, but again, the time constraints are tight. 

Back to the initial idea: using a genetic algorithm. Let's outline the steps:

1. Initialize a population of h functions. Each h is a vector of n_points elements between 0 and 1, with sum(h) = n_points/2. The initial population could be generated by perturbing the initial_h_values or using a random initialization.

2. For each individual, evaluate the C₅ value by computing the maximum of the cross-correlation (as described in the problem statement). 

3. Select the best individuals (those with the lowest C₅) to form the next generation.

4. Apply crossover and mutation operations to generate new individuals. 

5. Repeat steps 2-4 until the time budget is exhausted or convergence is achieved.

The key is to optimize the selection, crossover, and mutation operators to efficiently explore the solution space. However, this approach might be slow for large n_points, but with n_points up to maybe 500, it's worth trying. 

Alternatively, using a more local optimization method. For example, starting from the initial_h_values, use gradient descent to minimize the maximum overlap. However, the objective function is non-convex, and gradients may not lead directly to the global minimum. 

Another approach: since the maximum overlap is the maximum over all lags, perhaps focus on reducing the overlap for the worst-case lag. For example, for the current h, find the lag k that gives the highest overlap, then adjust h to reduce that overlap. This could be done iteratively. 

But how to find the lag k that gives the maximum overlap? For each h, compute the cross-correlation, find the maximum, and then adjust h to reduce that maximum. This is a greedy approach. However, it might get stuck in local minima. 

Alternatively, use projected gradient descent. Define the objective as the maximum overlap, and use subgradient methods to minimize it. However, the subgradient computation for the maximum function is non-trivial and may require careful handling. 

In terms of implementation, using a convex optimization approach with some relaxation. For example, assume that the maximum overlap is achieved at a particular lag, and model the problem as minimizing that specific overlap. This would be a convex optimization problem if the lag is fixed. However, since we don't know which lag is the worst, this might not be effective. 

But perhaps, in practice, the worst lag is the one that's closest to the original function's width. For example, if the function h is spread out over a certain length, the overlap would be significant for shifts around that length. 

Given all these considerations, perhaps a combination of methods is needed. Start with the initial solution and use a more local optimization method, like gradient descent, to refine it. If the result isn't good enough, consider using a genetic algorithm to explore other regions of the solution space. 

But how to implement this within the time constraints? Let's think about the code structure. 

The code must define a function run(seed=42, budget_s=600, ...) that returns (h_values, c5_bound, n_points). The initial_h_values is provided, and the code should use it as the starting point. 

The code can start by initializing h with the initial_h_values, then trying to optimize from there. 

If using local optimization, perhaps using the scipy.optimize.minimize function with a method that works for constrained optimization. The constraints are that the sum of h equals n_points/2, and each h i is between 0 and 1. 

However, the objective function is the maximum of several values, which is not differentiable in a straightforward way. To handle this, the code could use a scalarization approach, where for each candidate h, compute the maximum overlap and use that as the objective. However, the objective is non-convex and may have many local minima. 

An alternative is to use a surrogate objective that approximates the maximum overlap. For example, the maximum over the cross-correlation values for all lags. The code could compute this maximum value for each candidate h and use that as the objective for optimization. 

But how to ensure that the optimization converges to a good solution? Maybe using a combination of local optimization and perturbations. 

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, it's equivalent to minimizing the worst-case overlap. This suggests that the problem can be viewed as a robust optimization problem, where we want to design h to be robust against all possible shifts. 

But how to model this? Perhaps using a quadratic programming approach, where the maximum overlap is bounded by a certain value, and we find h that satisfies this. However, this would require transforming the problem into a form that can be handled by a solver. 

Alternatively, use a smoothing technique to approximate the maximum function. For example, instead of the maximum of the cross-correlation values, use an average that's easier to optimize. But this would not directly correspond to the original objective, and the resulting solution might not be valid. 

Given the time constraints, I think the best approach is to start with the initial solution and perform a local optimization, perhaps using a gradient-based method, and then use a genetic algorithm or other global optimization to explore further. 

Let me outline the steps for the code:

1. Load the initial_h_values as the starting point. Ensure that it satisfies the constraints (sum is n_points/2, each entry between 0 and 1).

2. Define the objective function: for a given h, compute the cross-correlation and return the maximum value multiplied by dx (2.0 / n_points). This is the C₅ value for that h.

3. Use a local optimization method to minimize this objective, starting from the initial solution. The constraints are that each h[i] is between 0 and 1, and the sum is fixed. 

4. To handle the constraints, use a constrained optimization solver such as SLSQP (Sequential Least Squares Programming) in scipy.optimize. 

5. Additionally, implement a perturbation step: after each optimization, perturb the h slightly to explore nearby solutions. 

6. If the optimization does not improve the C₅ bound significantly, switch to a genetic algorithm approach. 

However, the local optimization might not find the global minimum, so the code needs to handle that. 

Another thing to consider is the discretization. The initial solution uses n_points = 45. Maybe increasing the number of points could improve the bound, but with higher n_points, the computation time increases. Since the target is to find a solution with lower C₅ than the current best, maybe using a higher n_points is necessary. For example, n_points = 600. However, the code must complete within 600 seconds. 

Let's consider the computational load. For a given h, the cross-correlation operation takes O(n_points^2) time. For example, with n_points = 600, the cross-correlation would take about 600^2 = 360,000 operations. But for many iterations during optimization, this could be expensive. 

Therefore, to manage the time, maybe keep n_points to around 500. 

Now, the code structure would involve:

- Parsing the initial_h_values (if available), default to a random initialization if not provided.

- For each candidate h, compute the cross-correlation and find the maximum.

- Use a constrained optimization technique to minimize this function. 

But the problem is that the objective function is non-convex, so local optimization methods may not find the global minimum. Hence, the code must be cautious about converging to a good solution. 

An alternative approach is to use a metaheuristic like simulated annealing. This method allows for exploration of the solution space by accepting worse solutions with a certain probability, which can help escape local minima. 

Simulated annealing could be implemented with the following steps:

1. Start with an initial solution, possibly the initial_h_values.

2. Generate a new solution by perturbing the current one (e.g., randomly changing a few h values).

3. Evaluate the new solution's C₅ value.

4. Accept the new solution with a probability that depends on the temperature, which decreases over time.

5. Repeat until the temperature is low enough or the time budget is reached.

This method could be effective, but the choice of perturbation and cooling schedule is crucial. 

Another idea: since the constraints are linear (sum of h = n_points/2 and 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1), perhaps use a probabilistic optimization method that respects these constraints. 

In any case, the code needs to handle the constraints. For the constrained optimization, using scipy.optimize.minimize with constraints that are bounds and an equality constraint for the sum. 

For example, the code can define the variables as h, with bounds [0, 1] for each element. The equality constraint is sum(h) = n_points / 2. 

However, the optimization problem is non-convex, and the solver might find a local minimum. 

Let me outline possible code steps:

- Start with initial_h_values, which is provided.

- Convert this into a numpy array. Check that it satisfies the constraints (sum is n_points/2, each element in [0,1]).

- Define the objective function: compute the cross-correlation and take the maximum value.

- Use scipy.optimize.minimize to minimize the objective function, subject to the constraints. 

However, using the default method might not work well. Choosing a suitable solver, such as 'SLSQP', which can handle equality constraints and bounds. 

But the objective function is the maximum of several values, which is not differentiable at certain points. However, during optimization, the gradient can be approximated numerically. 

But wait, the objective function is not differentiable everywhere, which could cause issues with the solver. To handle this, perhaps use a smoothing technique or perturb the function slightly. 

Alternatively, use a differentiable approximation of the maximum function. For example, using the max function with a small epsilon to smooth the corners. However, this would change the problem's objective, which could lead to suboptimal solutions. 

Alternatively, use a local optimization method that allows for non-differentiable objectives. Some solvers in scipy might handle this, but I'm not sure. 

Given the time constraints, perhaps proceed with the SLSQP method, using the initial solution, and see if it improves the C₅ value. 

Another idea: to simplify the problem, assume that the maximum occurs at certain lags, and try to minimize those specific overlaps. For example, if the initial solution has a high overlap at lag k, then focus on minimizing that overlap. However, this is a heuristic and might not lead to the global optimum. 

Alternatively, for each candidate h, compute the cross-correlation and find the maximum, then adjust the h to reduce that maximum. However, this is a local approach that might not be effective in the long run. 

At this point, given the time constraints, the most feasible approach seems to be using a gradient-based optimization method starting from the initial solution, with the hope that it can find a better solution. 

Therefore, the code would:

- Take the initial_h_values, check that it meets the constraints.

- Convert it into a numpy array.

- Use scipy.optimize.minimize with the objective function as the maximum cross-correlation, subject to constraints that each h[i] is between 0 and 1, and the sum is fixed.

But since the objective function is not smooth, the gradient may not be accurate. Therefore, using the 'SLSQP' method with the 'bounds' and 'constraints' would be appropriate. 

However, in practice, the 'SLSQP' method requires the objective function to be differentiable. So, perhaps the code can compute the gradient numerically, or use a smooth approximation. 

Alternatively, use a stochastic method like simulated annealing. 

In terms of code, the steps would be:

1. Import necessary libraries: numpy, scipy.optimize, etc.

2. Define the objective function that computes the C₅ value for a given h.

3. Define the constraints for the optimization: sum(h) = n_points/2, and 0 <= h[i] <= 1.

4. Perform the optimization using a solver that can handle these constraints.

But how to handle the non-differentiable objective? The code can use the scipy.optimize.minimize function with the method 'SLSQP', and specify the bounds and constraints. However, the function to minimize must be differentiable. 

Wait, the cross-correlation objective is not differentiable in the same way, but for a given h, the maximum of the cross-correlation values can be computed, and the derivative with respect to each h[i] can be approximated numerically. This is possible using finite differences. 

But this might be computationally expensive, especially for large n_points. 

Alternatively, use the 'BFGS' method, which uses numerical derivatives. 

However, given that the problem is not convex, there's a risk of getting stuck in local minima. 

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution has certain properties. For example, h is designed such that the overlap with any shift is approximately equal. This is similar to the concept of equioscillation in approximation theory. If such a solution exists, it's a candidate for being the global minimum. 

But constructing such a solution is non-trivial. 

Alternatively, use a randomized algorithm where multiple initial points are generated, and the one with the lowest C₅ is chosen. This could be combined with local optimization. 

In summary, the code will:

- Start with the initial_h_values, ensuring constraints are met.

- Use an optimization method to minimize the C₅ value, possibly with a local search.

- Evaluate the best solution found within the time budget.

But to implement this in code, the following steps are needed:

Implementing the objective function for a given h:

def objective(h):
    n_points = len(h)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h_array = np.array(h)
    # Compute the cross-correlation of h and (1 - h)
    corr = np.correlate(h_array, 1 - h_array, mode='full')
    c5 = np.max(corr) * dx
    return c5

But for the optimization, the objective function must be vectorized and compatible with the solver. 

However, the problem is that the solver expects the objective to be a scalar. 

Furthermore, when using scipy.optimize.minimize, the objective function is called with the parameter vector h, and the code computes the C₅ value. 

Now, the constraints are:

- sum(h) == n_points/2

- each h[i] must be between 0 and 1.

Therefore, the code can define the constraints for the optimization.

But for the initial solution, n_points is 45 (based on the initial_h_values). To increase the n_points, the code might need to replicate the initial solution or use a different approach. However, the initial_h_values has a specific n_points, and the problem allows for varying n_points. 

But the problem statement says that the user is to return the best solution found, and the code can choose the n_points. However, for the initial solution, the n_points is fixed, but the code can try different resolutions. 

However, the time budget is 600 seconds, so the code may need to choose an n_points that allows for sufficient computation. 

Assuming the initial solution has n_points=45, which is 45 samples. To increase n_points, the code might generate a higher resolution, but this increases the computation time. 

Alternatively, keep the initial n_points as 45 and refine it. 

But perhaps the code can start with a higher n_points, say 500, to have more points for optimization. 

However, increasing n_points increases the computation time for each evaluation of the objective function. For example, with n_points=500, the cross-correlation would take O(n_points^2) time, which may be too slow. 

Therefore, for practical purposes, the code should use n_points that are manageable within the 600 seconds. For instance, using n_points=200 or 300. 

But the initial_h_values is for n_points=45, and the code may need to generate a new solution with the same or different n_points. However, the problem allows for varying n_points. 

But the code must return h_values with any n_points, as long as the constraints are met. 

Therefore, the code could start by using the initial n_points (45), and attempt to optimize it. If the solution is not sufficiently good, it can try increasing the n_points to 200 or 300. 

But the code must manage the time budget. 

Alternatively, use the initial n_points and optimize, then try increasing it if time permits. 

Now, putting this together, the code will:

- Start with the initial_h_values (if available) or generate a random initial solution.

- Convert it into a numpy array, ensure sum is n_points/2.

- Use scipy.optimize.minimize with the objective function and constraints to find a better solution.

- Track the best solution during the optimization process.

- If time permits, try increasing the n_points and repeat the optimization.

But how to handle the n_points change? For example, if the code decides to increase the n_points from 45 to 500, it must generate a new initial solution at that resolution. However, this is not straightforward, as the initial solution is only for 45 points. 

Given these complexities, perhaps it's better to stick with the initial n_points and optimize it further. 

Another thing to note is that the initial_h_values may not be optimal, and the code should not assume it's a good starting point. However, the problem says to use it as a starting point if available, which means the code should use it directly when provided. 

Therefore, the code will:

- Take the initial_h_values as the starting point.

- Ensure that it meets the constraints.

- Use it as the initial guess for the optimization.

Now, the code will proceed to optimize this initial guess. 

In terms of code structure, the function 'run' will be defined, and it will perform these steps. 

But for the code to run efficiently, it's important to manage the time budget. For example, if the optimization takes more than the budget, the code must stop and return the best solution found. 

Thus, the code must track the elapsed time and stop when the budget is exhausted. 

So, putting all this into code:

The run function will:

- Accept the seed and budget_s.

- Load the initial_h_values (if available).

- Determine the n_points based on the initial_h_values.

- Check that the initial_h_values meets the constraints.

- Convert it to a numpy array h.

- Define the objective function as described.

- Define the constraints: sum(h) == n_points / 2 and 0 <= h[i] <= 1.

- Use scipy.optimize.minimize with the 'SLSQP' method, with bounds for each h[i] between 0 and 1, and the equality constraint for the sum.

- Run the optimization for the given budget.

- Return the best h found, along with the C₅ value and n_points.

But the optimization may take time. To handle time, the code needs to use the 'time' module to track the elapsed time and terminate the optimization when the budget is reached. 

However, scipy.optimize.minimize may not allow for interrupting the optimization process. Therefore, a better approach is to bound the number of iterations or function evaluations. 

Alternatively, set the 'maxiter' parameter to a value that ensures the optimization completes within the budget. 

But predicting the exact number of iterations is difficult. So, the code must track the elapsed time and possibly terminate early. 

In practice, this might be challenging, but the code can use a timeout mechanism. 

Now, the code in Python would involve importing necessary modules, defining the objective function, and implementing the optimization with constraints. 

But to handle the non-differentiable objective function, the code may need to use a method that approximates the gradient, such as 'BFGS' or 'L-BFGS-B' with finite differences. 

Alternatively, use the 'SLSQP' method, which can handle bounds and constraints. 

However, the problem is that the objective function's gradient may not be accurate, which could lead to poor convergence. 

In conclusion, the code will start from the initial solution, use a constrained optimization method to minimize the C₅ value, and return the best solution found within the time budget. This approach aims to find a better solution than the initial one, potentially improving the bound for C₅.
</think>

<strategy>
1. Approach and rationale
We aim to refine the initial Erdos solution using a combination of local optimization and adaptive sampling. The problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral, which is non-convex but can be approximated with gradient-based methods when handled carefully. By starting from the initial_h_values and applying structured perturbations, we can systematically explore the design space within the given time budget.

2. Mathematical specification
We represent h as a vector of n_points samples over [0, 2], with dx = 2.0 / n_points. The objective function is:
C5 = max_k (np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode="full") * dx)
Constraints:
- 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 for all i
- ∑h[i] = n_points / 2

The optimization problem can be formulated as minimizing the maximum correlation value subject to these constraints. We use a constrained optimization approach with bounds and equality constraint for the integral requirement.

3. Implementation procedure
a. Preprocessing: Use the provided initial_h_values as the starting point. Validate that it satisfies sum(h) ≈ n_points/2 and 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1.
b. Objective function: Compute the full cross-correlation between h and (1 - h), multiply by dx, and return the maximum value.
c. Optimization:
   i. Use scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP method
   ii. Set bounds for each h[i] ∈ [0, 1]
   iii. Add equality constraint ∑h[i] = n_points / 2
   iv. Use finite differences for gradient approximation
d. Adaptive refinement: If the optimization doesn't improve significantly, apply random perturbations to the current solution and repeat the optimization process with restarts.
e. Termination: Track elapsed time, terminate when budget_s is reached, and return the best solution found.

4. Search choices and useful variations
a. Initial n_points: Start with 45 samples from initial_h_values but dynamically adjust up to 500 samples if time permits.
b. Optimization method: Use SLSQP for constrained optimization, with default options for accuracy and iterations.
c. Perturbation strategy: Apply random noise to current solution with magnitude 0.05 for exploration.
d. Refinement schedule: If the best C5 doesn't improve over 50 iterations, switch to random restarts with increased perturbation.

5. Compute budget and robustness
Time estimation: For n_points=500, each optimization iteration takes ≈0.3s. With 1000 iterations, total ≈300s. Monitor time usage in 100s intervals.
Robustness measures:
- Efficient constraint handling using bounds and equality constraint
- Gradient approximation through finite differences
- Random restarts to escape local minima
- Early termination based on time budget
- Validate all returned h_values satisfy 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 and ∑h[i] = n_points/2

6. Validation and return contract
Final checks:
- Ensure ∑h ≈ n_points / 2 with tolerance 1e-4
- Confirm all h[i] ∈ [0, 1]
- Re-evaluate the actual C5 using the same correlation method
- Perform sanity checks:
   * Verify the full cross-correlation length is 2*n_points - 1
   * Confirm the dx value is correctly 2.0 / n_points
   * Check for any NaN or infinite values in the solution
Return the tuple (h_values, computed_c5_bound, n_points) with these guarantees
</strategy>