<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used SLSQP optimization with initial guesses based on a given initial_h_values, adding sinusoidal noise and scaling. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, let's think about the lessons from earlier attempts. The user mentioned that using SLSQP with equality constraints is helpful. The previous code already does that. So maybe the problem is with the initial guesses or the optimization parameters.

The previous code uses 100 points and 20 initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help escape local optima, but that might take more time. Alternatively, maybe using different types of perturbations could lead to better initial points.

Another idea: the current approach adds sinusoidal noise. What if we try other types of perturbations, like random walks or more structured variations? Or maybe use a different initial guess altogether, not just the initial_h_values?

Wait, the initial_h_values are provided. Maybe the initial guess is not optimal. Perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using different patterns like piecewise constant functions, or using a grid search over certain parameters.

Another angle: the objective function is to minimize the maximum correlation. The previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. But maybe there's a way to model this more efficiently. However, with the given constraints, it's probably necessary to compute all shifts.

The previous code uses a fixed n_points of 100. Maybe trying a higher n_points could give better precision, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, if the time budget allows, maybe increasing n_points slightly could help. But the user said sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, so 100 is okay.

Another thought: the optimization might get stuck in local minima. Maybe using a global optimization method, but the available solvers (like SLSQP) are local. So perhaps using a different approach, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, could help. However, the user mentioned using scipy, numpy, and other solvers like cvxpy. But cvxpy might not handle the problem as easily since it's a non-convex optimization problem.

Alternatively, maybe using a different parameterization. For example, instead of directly optimizing h, maybe represent h as a combination of basis functions, like Fourier series or piecewise constants, which could make the optimization easier.

Wait, the problem requires h to be a step function. The initial approach uses a continuous function, but maybe the optimal solution is piecewise constant. However, the current code allows h to be any function in [0,1], so maybe discretizing it into more points could help. But the user wants smaller n_points for speed.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different structures. For example, using a grid of parameters for the initial guess, or using a random perturbation with different amplitudes and frequencies.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but perhaps there's a better way to construct it. For example, using a periodic function with certain properties, or a function that minimizes the maximum overlap.

Wait, the problem is similar to designing a function that minimizes the maximum overlap when shifted. This is related to the Erdős discrepancy problem, but in a different form. Maybe there are known constructions for such functions that could be adapted here.

Another approach: instead of optimizing the entire function, maybe focus on specific regions where the overlap is high. For example, using a function that has high values in regions spaced apart to minimize overlap when shifted. But how to translate that into an optimization problem?

Alternatively, think about the integral as the maximum over all shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). To minimize this maximum, perhaps the function h should be designed such that for any shift k, the overlap is as small as possible. This might involve balancing the function's values so that it doesn't have too much overlap with its shifted versions.

But how to model this in an optimization problem? The current approach uses a single objective function that's the maximum of all correlations. However, the maximum is a non-differentiable function, which might make optimization difficult. The previous code uses SLSQP, which might struggle with this.

Wait, the previous code uses the maximum correlation as the objective. But in the optimization, the objective is to minimize that maximum. However, when using SLSQP, the objective function is the maximum value, and the optimizer tries to minimize it. That's correct.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe trying more initial guesses with different perturbations could help. For example, adding random noise with different distributions, or using different types of perturbations like Gaussian noise, or even random flips of certain segments.

Alternatively, maybe using a more sophisticated optimization method. For example, using a combination of local and global search. But with the given time budget, it's challenging.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed n_points of 100. Maybe trying a slightly higher n_points, like 150, could give better precision. However, the user prefers smaller sequences. But if the time allows, maybe it's worth trying.

Wait, the user's previous code had n_points=100. Let's check the time. The budget is 100 seconds. With 20 initial guesses and each optimization taking some time, maybe increasing n_points to 150 would take longer. But perhaps the time is manageable.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method instead of SLSQP, but that might not handle the constraints as well. Or using a different solver like COBYLA, but again, it's unclear.

Another angle: the constraint is that the integral of h is 1. The previous code enforces this via an equality constraint. Maybe there's a way to parameterize h such that this constraint is automatically satisfied. For example, using a parameterization where h is a sum of basis functions that integrate to 1. But this might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, maybe using a probabilistic approach, like treating h as a probability distribution and using entropy maximization, but that's not directly applicable here.

Hmm. Let's think about the previous code's shortcomings. The initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which might be suboptimal. Maybe generating a better initial guess could lead to better results. For example, using a more structured initial guess that has lower overlap.

Another idea: instead of adding sinusoidal noise, perhaps use a random permutation of values or a more structured perturbation. For example, creating initial guesses that have high and low regions spaced out to minimize overlap.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess altogether. For example, a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged to minimize overlap. But how to design such a function?

Wait, the problem requires h to be a step function. So maybe the optimal solution is a piecewise constant function. The previous code allows h to be any function, but maybe restricting to piecewise constants could help. However, the current code uses a continuous approach, which might not be necessary.

But how to model that? Maybe using a parameterization where h is defined by its values on intervals, but that would complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, maybe the previous code's approach is already good, but the initial guess is not optimal. So perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses, not just sinusoidal noise, could help. For example, adding random noise with different characteristics, or using a grid search over certain parameters.

Another thought: the current code uses 20 initial guesses. Maybe increasing that number could help, but with the time budget, it's a trade-off. However, if the code can handle it, more initial guesses might lead to better results.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method for each initial guess. For example, using a local optimizer like SLSQP, but with different starting points.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (3000) for each optimization. Maybe reducing the number of iterations could save time, allowing more initial guesses. Or adjusting the tolerance parameters.

Wait, the user's previous code had a best C₅ of 0.381079. The target is 0.380876. So there's a gap of about 0.0002. To close this gap, perhaps the optimization needs to find a better local minimum.

Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. So, instead of adding sinusoidal noise, perhaps generating initial guesses with different structures. For example, some with high values in certain regions, others with low values, etc.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess based on known constructions. For example, if there's a known function that has low overlap, using that as the initial guess.

But since the initial_h_values are provided, maybe that's already a good starting point. However, perhaps modifying it in different ways could help.

Another approach: instead of perturbing the initial guess with noise, maybe use a more systematic way to generate initial guesses. For example, varying the number of intervals where h is 1 or 0, or varying the spacing between these intervals.

But how to implement that? It might be complex, but perhaps for a small number of points, it's manageable.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm approach, where each individual is a candidate h function, and we evolve them over generations. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time constraints might be challenging, but perhaps feasible.

But given the time budget, and the need to use existing solvers, maybe sticking with SLSQP but improving the initial guesses and optimization parameters.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. The code uses 20 initial guesses, each with sinusoidal noise. Maybe trying different types of noise, like random walk or other patterns, could lead to better initial points.

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of different perturbations. For example, adding both sinusoidal and random noise.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed noise amplitude and frequency. Maybe varying these parameters more widely could generate more diverse initial guesses.

Also, the code scales the perturbed guess to meet the sum constraint. Maybe this scaling could be adjusted, but it's already handled.

Another thing: the objective function computes the maximum correlation. However, the maximum could be achieved at different shifts. Maybe the current code's way of computing the maximum is correct, but perhaps there's a way to approximate it more efficiently.

But given the constraints, it's probably necessary to compute all shifts.

So, putting this together, perhaps the main improvements would be:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses by using different types of perturbations (not just sinusoidal).
2. Increase the number of initial guesses to explore more of the solution space.
3. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for more thorough exploration.
4. Maybe try different n_points values to see if a higher or lower number gives better results.

But given the time budget, increasing the number of initial guesses might be feasible. Let's think about the previous code's time usage. For each initial guess, it runs an optimization with 3000 iterations. If the code can handle more initial guesses within the 100 seconds, that could help.

Alternatively, maybe reducing the number of iterations per optimization and increasing the number of initial guesses.

Another idea: using a different optimization method. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method, which doesn't require gradients. But it might be slower.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first run a global search with a few initial guesses, then refine with SLSQP.

But without knowing the exact implementation details, it's hard to say.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses the initial_h_values as a base. Maybe the initial_h_values are not optimal. If there's a way to generate a better initial guess, that could help. For example, using a different construction method.

But since the initial_h_values are provided, perhaps they are already a good starting point. However, maybe there's a way to improve them.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal solution is a piecewise constant function with certain properties. For example, a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged to minimize overlap.

But how to model that? Maybe using a parameterization where h is defined by its values on intervals, but that would complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, maybe using a Fourier series approach, where h is represented as a sum of sinusoids, and then optimizing the coefficients. However, this might not be straightforward.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem, where we want to minimize the maximum overlap. Perhaps there's a known mathematical approach to this, but I'm not familiar with it.

In conclusion, the main ideas for improvement are:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses with different perturbations.
- Increase the number of initial guesses to explore more of the solution space.
- Adjust optimization parameters to allow for more thorough exploration.
- Possibly try different n_points values.

So, modifying the previous code to generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, instead of adding sinusoidal noise, perhaps adding random noise, or using different types of perturbations like random walk, or even using a grid search over certain parameters.

Let me think about how to implement this. The previous code adds sinusoidal noise. Maybe adding random noise with different distributions. For example, adding random noise with varying amplitudes and frequencies, or even random flips of certain segments.

Alternatively, for each initial guess, generate a random permutation of the initial_h_values, or apply a random shift.

But how to do this in code? For example, for each initial guess, create a perturbed version by adding random noise, then clipping and scaling.

Alternatively, for each initial guess, create a perturbed version by randomly selecting some points to increase or decrease, ensuring the sum constraint is met.

But this might be complex. Let's think of a way to generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, for each initial guess, create a perturbed version by adding random noise with different characteristics.

In the previous code, the noise is sinusoidal. Maybe adding random noise with different frequencies and amplitudes. Or, for each guess, generate multiple perturbations with different noise types.

Alternatively, for each initial guess, generate a perturbed version by adding random noise, then another by adding a different type of noise, and so on. But this could increase the number of initial guesses.

Alternatively, for each initial guess, generate multiple perturbations with different noise parameters. For example, varying the amplitude and frequency of the sinusoidal noise.

But this might take more time. However, given the time budget, it's worth trying.

Another idea: use a combination of sinusoidal and random noise. For example, for each initial guess, generate a perturbation that is a mix of sinusoidal and random noise.

Alternatively, use a different initial guess construction. For example, using a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged to minimize overlap. But how to generate such a function?

For example, if we divide the interval [0, 2] into several segments, and set h(x) to 1 in some segments and 0 in others. The number of segments could be varied. However, with n_points=100, this would require careful placement.

But this might be complex to implement. However, if we can generate such functions as initial guesses, they might lead to better results.

But given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to focus on improving the initial guesses and optimization parameters.

So, modifying the previous code to generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, instead of adding sinusoidal noise, adding random noise with different distributions. Let's try that.

In the previous code, the noise is sinusoidal. Let's replace that with random noise. For example, for each initial guess, add random noise with a certain amplitude, then clip and scale.

But how to generate random noise? For example, adding a random value between -amp and amp to each h[i], then clipping to [0,1], and scaling to meet the sum constraint.

This could generate more diverse initial guesses. Let's try this approach.

Another idea: use a combination of different perturbations. For example, for some guesses, add sinusoidal noise, for others, add random noise, and for others, apply a random permutation.

But this would require more code, but perhaps it's manageable.

Alternatively, for each initial guess, generate multiple perturbations with different noise types. However, this might increase the number of initial guesses beyond the budget.

In the previous code, the number of initial guesses is 20. Let's keep that, but change the perturbation method.

So, modifying the code to generate initial guesses by adding random noise instead of sinusoidal. Let's try that.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed noise amplitude and frequency. Maybe varying these parameters could generate more diverse initial guesses.

But with random noise, the amplitude can be varied. For example, for each perturbation, choose a random amplitude between 0.001 and 0.05, and add random noise with that amplitude.

This would create more varied initial guesses.

So, in code, for each initial guess:

- Add random noise with amplitude between 0.001 and 0.05, and then clip and scale.

This would generate more diverse initial guesses.

Another idea: instead of adding noise, randomly permute the initial guess. But this might not be effective.

Alternatively, for each initial guess, create a version where some segments are flipped. But again, this is complex.

So, the plan is:

- Generate initial guesses by adding random noise to the initial_h_values, then clipping and scaling.

- Use a variety of noise amplitudes and types (like random noise instead of sinusoidal).

This should create more diverse initial guesses, leading to better optimization results.

Another adjustment: increase the number of initial guesses to 50, but this may take more time. However, with the time budget, it's worth trying.

But given the time constraints, perhaps keeping the number of initial guesses at 20 but using more effective perturbations would be better.

So, modifying the previous code's perturbation step to use random noise instead of sinusoidal.

Let me outline the changes:

In the previous code, the noise is generated as:

noise_amp = np.random.uniform(0.001, 0.05)
noise_freq = np.random.uniform(1, 10)
noise = noise_amp * np.sin(2 * np.pi * noise_freq * np.linspace(0, 2, n_points))

Replace this with random noise:

noise = np.random.uniform(-noise_amp, noise_amp, size=n_points)

But then, after adding the noise, clip to [0,1], and scale.

This would create more varied initial guesses.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed noise_amp. Maybe varying the noise_amp for each perturbation could help. For example, choosing a random noise_amp between 0.001 and 0.05 for each perturbation.

This would generate more diverse initial guesses.

So, modifying the code accordingly.

Additionally, perhaps using a different optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds, but I'm not sure if it would work better.

Alternatively, keeping SLSQP but adjusting the tolerance and maximum iterations.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (3000). Maybe reducing this number to save time and allow more initial guesses.

But with the time budget, it's a trade-off.

In conclusion, the main changes would be:

1. Generate initial guesses with random noise instead of sinusoidal noise.
2. Vary the noise amplitude for each perturbation.
3. Possibly increase the number of initial guesses.
4. Adjust optimization parameters to allow for more thorough exploration.

Now, translating these ideas into code.

The previous code's initial_guesses generation is:

for _ in range(num_initial_guesses):
    noise_amp = np.random.uniform(0.001, 0.05)
    noise_freq = np.random.uniform(1, 10)
    noise = noise_amp * np.sin(2 * np.pi * noise_freq * np.linspace(0, 2, n_points))
    perturbed = initial_guess + noise
    ... 

Replace this with random noise:

for _ in range(num_initial_guesses):
    noise_amp = np.random.uniform(0.001, 0.05)
    noise = np.random.uniform(-noise_amp, noise_amp, size=n_points)
    perturbed = initial_guess + noise
    ... 

This would add random noise instead of sinusoidal.

Another idea: for each perturbation, apply a different type of noise. For example, some with random noise, some with sinusoidal, some with other patterns. But this would complicate the code.

Alternatively, for each initial guess, generate multiple perturbations with different noise types. However, this may not be feasible within the time budget.

So, the main change is to use random noise instead of sinusoidal.

Another thing: the previous code uses 20 initial guesses. Maybe increasing this to 50 could help, but with the time budget, it's a trade-off. Let's keep it at 20 for now.

Another adjustment: the initial guess is scaled to meet the sum constraint. This is correct.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

Another thing to consider: the previous code's objective function is correct. It computes the maximum correlation, then multiplies by dx.

So, the modified code would generate initial guesses with random noise, leading to more diverse starting points, which could help the optimizer find a better minimum.

Another possible improvement: using a different initial guess. For example, using a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged to minimize overlap. But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to implement.

In conclusion, the main changes are to generate initial guesses with random noise instead of sinusoidal, and possibly adjust other parameters.

Now, let's write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 150  # Slightly higher for better precision within time budget
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    # Use initial_h_values as base and scale to meet the constraint
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values)
    # Adjust sum to meet the constraint
    initial_guess = initial_guess / np.sum(initial_guess) * (n_points / 2)
    
    # Generate diverse initial guesses with random noise
    num_initial_guesses = 30  # Increased for better exploration
    initial_guesses = []
    for _ in range(num_initial_guesses):
        # Add random noise
        noise_amp = np.random.uniform(0.001, 0.05)
        noise = np.random.uniform(-noise_amp, noise_amp, size=n_points)
        perturbed = initial_guess + noise
        # Clip to [0, 1]
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        # Adjust sum to meet the constraint
        scale_factor = (n_points / 2) / np.sum(perturbed)
        perturbed *= scale_factor
        initial_guesses.append(perturbed)
    
    # Objective function
    def objective(h):
        one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
        corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    # Constraint function
    def constraint(h):
        return np.sum(h) - n_points / 2
    
    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = None
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Run optimizations for each initial guess with tighter tolerances
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Run optimization
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint},
            options={'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 2000}  # Reduced iterations for time
        )
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    # If no optimization was done, use the initial guess
    if best_h is None:
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            initial_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint},
            options={'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 2000}
        )
        best_c5 = result.fun
        best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```