<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by finding a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The previous code used a local optimization approach with SLSQP, but maybe there's room for improvement.

First, I need to understand the problem better. The function h is a step function over [0,2], with integral 1. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum correlation between h and 1-h shifted by different k. The challenge is to minimize this maximum value.

The previous approach used multiple perturbations of an initial guess and optimized each with SLSQP. However, this might get stuck in local minima. Maybe a different optimization strategy could help. Also, the current best is around 0.381, and the target is 0.3808, so even small improvements are needed.

Let me think about possible improvements. One idea is to use a more global optimization method, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, which can escape local optima. However, those might be slower. Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess could help. The initial guess provided is for n=100 samples. Maybe starting with a different structure, like a more uniform distribution or a pattern that spreads out the 1s and 0s more effectively.

Another thought: the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum overlap, which relates to designing a function that avoids overlapping too much with its shifted version. Perhaps a better approach is to model this as an optimization problem with constraints, but using a different solver or method. For example, using a convex relaxation or a different optimization algorithm.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a lot of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the perturbation strategies could lead to better results. Also, maybe the initial guess isn't the best starting point. What if we try different initial configurations, like alternating 1s and 0s, or some other pattern that might distribute the mass more evenly?

Another angle: the overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). To minimize the maximum of these over k, the function h should be designed such that for any shift, the product h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) is as small as possible. This suggests that h should avoid having regions where it is 1 and then 1 again after a shift, which would make the product large.

Perhaps a better initial guess is a function that has regions where h is 1 and 0 in a way that their shifts don't overlap much. For example, if h is 1 in intervals that are spaced apart, such that shifting by k would not overlap with the 1 regions. However, since the integral must be 1, the total length of the 1 regions must be 1 (since the integral over [0,2] is 1, and dx is 2/n_points, so sum(h) = n_points/2).

Wait, the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So if h is a step function with values 0 or 1, then the total length of the intervals where h is 1 must be 1. So for example, if n_points is 100, then each interval has length 0.02, and the sum of the lengths of the 1 intervals is 1. So the total number of 1s would be (1 / dx) = 100 / 2 = 50. Wait, no: sum(h) * dx = 1. So sum(h) = n_points / 2. So for n_points=100, sum(h) = 50. So each h[i] is either 0 or 1, then the number of 1s would be 50. So the function is a step function with 50 intervals of 1 and 50 of 0, arranged in some pattern.

So maybe the initial guess is a uniform distribution of 1s and 0s. But the previous code uses a different initial guess. Maybe trying different initial patterns, like a more spread-out arrangement, could help.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, perhaps using a global optimization method. However, given the time constraints (100 seconds), this might not be feasible. Alternatively, maybe using a different local optimizer with better settings. For example, using the Nelder-Mead method or a different solver in scipy.optimize.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with tight tolerances. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations and varying the perturbation strategies could lead to better results. Also, maybe using a different initial guess. For example, starting with a more optimal initial configuration.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model this as a convex optimization problem. However, the max function makes it non-convex. But maybe using a convex relaxation, like minimizing the maximum by considering each possible k and using some form of duality. However, this might be complex.

Alternatively, since the overlap integral for each k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)), perhaps we can consider the worst-case k and try to minimize that. But how to model this?

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of Fourier analysis. The overlap integral can be related to the convolution of h and 1-h. But I'm not sure how to proceed with that.

Let me think about the previous code. It starts with an initial guess and then perturbs it multiple times, optimizing each perturbation. The problem with this approach is that it might get stuck in local minima. So perhaps trying different initial guesses could help. For example, instead of starting with the initial_h_values provided, maybe generating a different initial configuration.

Another idea: use a more structured initial guess. For example, divide the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 1 and 0 in a way that minimizes overlaps. For example, if we can arrange the 1s in such a way that their shifts don't overlap much. For instance, if the 1s are placed in non-overlapping intervals, but since the total length is 1, and the interval is 2, there's some overlap. Alternatively, arranging the 1s in a periodic pattern.

Wait, for example, if the function h is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, spaced apart by 0.5. But then shifting by 0.5 would cause overlaps. Hmm.

Alternatively, maybe using a more complex pattern, like a binary sequence with certain properties. For example, a de Bruijn sequence or something similar, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, think of this as a covering problem. The function h needs to be such that when shifted by any k, the overlap between h and 1-h is minimized. This is similar to designing a set of intervals that don't overlap too much when shifted.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem?

Perhaps the key is to find a function h that is as "spread out" as possible. For example, if h is 1 in intervals that are as far apart as possible. For instance, if the 1s are placed in intervals that are spaced such that shifting by any k would not cause significant overlap.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So, the function is neither too concentrated nor too spread out. But how to balance this?

Maybe using a more sophisticated initial guess. For example, starting with a function that has 50 intervals of 1s and 50 of 0s, arranged in a way that maximizes the minimal spacing between 1s. For example, placing the 1s in a regular pattern, like every other interval. But with 50 intervals, that would mean 25 intervals of 1 and 25 of 0, but that's only 25*0.02 = 0.5 length, which is not enough. Wait, no: for n_points=100, each interval is 0.02. So if we have 50 intervals of 1, that's 50 * 0.02 = 1.0, which is correct.

So, for example, if we arrange the 1s in a regular pattern, like every other interval. But with 50 intervals, that would mean 50 intervals of 1, but that's not possible. Wait, no. Wait, the total number of 1s is 50. So if we have 50 intervals of 1, that's 50 intervals, each of length 0.02, totaling 1.0. So if we arrange them as 50 intervals of 1, but spread out as much as possible. For example, alternating 1 and 0, but since there are 50 1s and 50 0s, that would mean 1,0,1,0,... which would have 50 1s. But then shifting by 0.02 would cause overlaps. For example, shifting by 0.02 would make the 1s overlap with the next interval. So the overlap integral for k=0.02 would be the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+0.02)). Since h(x) is 1 for x in [0, 0.02), [0.04, 0.06), etc. Then h(x+0.02) would be 1 for x in [0.02, 0.04), [0.06, 0.08), etc. So the product h(x)(1 - h(x+0.02)) would be 1*(1-0) = 1 for x in [0, 0.02), and 0 otherwise. Wait, no. Let me think again.

If h(x) is 1 on [0, 0.02), [0.04, 0.06), etc. Then for x in [0, 0.02), h(x) is 1. Then h(x+0.02) would be 1 for x+0.02 in [0, 0.02), which is x in [-0.02, 0). But since x is in [0, 2], this part is zero. So for x in [0, 0.02), h(x+0.02) is 0 (since x+0.02 is in [0.02, 0.04), which is part of the 0 intervals. Therefore, 1 - h(x+0.02) is 1. So the product is 1*1=1. So the integral over [0, 0.02) is 0.02. Similarly, for other intervals. But this would lead to a high overlap integral. So this arrangement isn't good.

So maybe a more spread-out arrangement is needed. For example, placing the 1s in intervals that are spaced further apart. However, with the total length of 1, it's challenging. Maybe using a more complex pattern, like a binary sequence with certain properties.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial guess provided is not optimal. Let's think about how to generate a better initial guess. Maybe using a more optimal initial configuration, such as a function that is designed to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, using a function that is 1 in intervals that are spaced such that their shifts don't overlap much.

Another idea: since the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum correlation, perhaps using a function that is as "balanced" as possible. For example, a function that has 1s and 0s arranged in a way that the correlation with its shifted version is minimized. This might be similar to a binary sequence with low autocorrelation, like a Barker code. However, Barker codes are for specific lengths and have certain properties. Maybe adapting such a concept here.

But how to translate that into a step function? For example, a Barker code of length 5 has autocorrelation values of 1, 0, 0, 0, 1. But I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that has a certain periodicity. For example, a function that is 1 for a certain fraction of the interval and 0 otherwise, but arranged periodically. However, with the integral constraint, this would require careful design.

Another approach is to use a genetic algorithm. The idea is to evolve a population of candidate solutions, where each solution is a step function, and the fitness is the C5 value. The genetic algorithm would select the best candidates, apply crossover and mutation, and iterate until a good solution is found. However, implementing this within the time constraints might be challenging, but perhaps manageable.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, maybe a parallelized approach could work. However, the previous code uses a single-threaded optimization. Maybe using multiple initial guesses and optimizing them in parallel could help.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method, which doesn't require gradients. Or using a Bayesian optimization approach to search the parameter space more efficiently.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different initial guess and optimize more effectively. For example, generating multiple initial guesses with different patterns and optimizing each with a more efficient method.

Let me think about how to generate better initial guesses. The initial_h_values provided might not be optimal. Maybe creating an initial guess where the 1s are spread out as much as possible. For example, placing the 1s in intervals that are spaced evenly across the [0,2] interval.

For example, if we have 50 intervals of 1, we can distribute them uniformly. For n_points=100, each interval is 0.02. So the 1s could be placed at positions 0.02, 0.04, ..., 1.00, but that would be 50 intervals. Wait, no: 0.02 * 50 = 1.0, so that's exactly the total length. But this would mean that the 1s are placed in consecutive intervals, leading to high overlap when shifted. So that's not good.

Alternatively, spreading the 1s out by placing them at positions that are as far apart as possible. For example, placing a 1 interval, then a 0 interval, then a 1 interval, etc. But with 50 1 intervals and 50 0 intervals, this would alternate 1 and 0. But this leads to the same problem as before.

Hmm. Maybe a better initial guess is to use a function that has 1s in intervals that are spaced with some minimum distance between them. For example, placing the 1s in intervals that are separated by at least a certain distance. However, with the total length of 1, this might not be possible. For instance, if each 1 interval is length l, then the number of 1 intervals is 1/l. The spacing between them would need to be such that the total length plus spacing is 2. But this is getting complicated.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more random initial guess. For example, randomly placing the 1s and 0s, ensuring the integral is 1. But this might not be better than the initial guess.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal solution has a certain symmetry. For example, the function h could be symmetric around 1.0. Or maybe it has certain periodic properties.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral for different k's might be related. For example, the maximum overlap could occur at certain k's, like k=0.5, or other values. So perhaps focusing the optimization on those k's.

But how to incorporate that into the optimization? Maybe by adjusting the objective function to penalize those k's more. However, the current objective is to minimize the maximum over all k's.

Another thought: the previous code uses the full convolution, which includes all possible shifts. However, the maximum overlap might occur for certain specific shifts. Maybe focusing on those shifts during optimization could help. For example, if we can identify which shifts are most critical, we can adjust the optimization to target those.

But without knowing which shifts are critical, this is challenging. However, perhaps during the optimization process, we can track which k's contribute the most to the maximum and adjust accordingly.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different approach to compute the maximum overlap. For example, instead of using the full convolution, compute the maximum for a subset of k's that are likely to be critical.

But this might not be straightforward.

Let me think about the previous code again. It uses SLSQP with a lot of iterations and multiple perturbations. The problem is that it might get stuck in local minima. To improve this, perhaps using a different optimization method, such as a genetic algorithm, or a more global search strategy.

However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time constraints might be challenging. Alternatively, using a different local optimizer with better settings. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method, which is a gradient-based method that can sometimes escape local minima better.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: first, a global search to find a good initial guess, then local optimization to refine it.

But given the time, maybe the best approach is to modify the previous code by:

1. Using a different initial guess that is more spread out.
2. Using a different optimization method or adjusting the parameters.
3. Increasing the number of perturbations and varying the perturbation strategies.
4. Using a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral.

For example, the previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which might be computationally expensive. Maybe precomputing the shifts or using a more efficient method.

Alternatively, since the overlap integral for each k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)), and the maximum over k, perhaps we can compute this more efficiently.

But I'm not sure. Let's think about the current approach. For each h, compute the full convolution between h and 1-h, then take the maximum value. Multiply by dx to get the integral.

Another idea: since the function is over [0,2], the possible shifts k can range from 0 to 2. But the convolution with mode 'full' gives all possible shifts. However, for the overlap integral, the shift k can be any real number, but in the discrete case, the shifts are determined by the grid points.

Wait, the discrete case: when we compute the convolution, the shifts correspond to the positions where the two functions overlap. For example, for a discrete signal, the convolution at position m corresponds to shifting one signal by m*dx. So the maximum value of the convolution would correspond to the maximum overlap integral for some k.

But perhaps there's a way to compute this more efficiently. However, the current approach is already using numpy's correlate function, which is efficient.

So, back to the code. Let's think about how to improve the previous code.

The previous code uses SLSQP with tight tolerances. Maybe using a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients and can sometimes find better minima. Or using a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the parameter space more efficiently.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, generating a random initial guess where the 1s are spread out more. For instance, placing the 1s in random positions but ensuring they are spread out.

But how to generate such a guess? For example, randomly selecting 50 intervals (out of 100) to be 1, but ensuring that they are not too close to each other. However, this might be complex to implement.

Alternatively, using a more structured initial guess. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into 50 intervals of 0.02 each, and then setting every other interval to 1. This would give 50 intervals of 1, but arranged alternately. However, this would lead to high overlap when shifted by 0.02, as discussed earlier. So this might not be good.

Another idea: use a function that is 1 in intervals that are spaced with a certain minimum distance. For example, placing the 1 intervals such that they are as far apart as possible. This would require solving an optimization problem itself, but perhaps for the initial guess, we can approximate it.

For example, placing the 1 intervals at positions that are spaced evenly. For instance, if we have 50 intervals of 1, each of length 0.02, then the centers of these intervals could be placed at positions 0.01, 0.01 + 0.04, 0.01 + 0.08, etc. This would spread them out as much as possible. However, this might not be feasible due to the total length.

Wait, the total length of the 1 intervals is 1.0. If each interval is of length 0.02, then there are 50 intervals. To spread them out, their positions should be as far apart as possible. For example, placing them at positions 0.0, 0.02, 0.04, ..., 1.00. But this would mean that the intervals are consecutive, leading to high overlap when shifted. So this isn't helpful.

Hmm. Maybe the initial guess provided is already a good starting point, and the issue is with the optimization method. Perhaps using a different optimization method or adjusting the parameters could help. For example, using the SLSQP method with more iterations or better initial guesses.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the initial guess, generate multiple initial guesses with different patterns and optimize each. For example, one initial guess could be the provided initial_h_values, another could be a random permutation of 1s and 0s, another could be a more spread-out pattern.

But how to generate these patterns? For example, for the random permutation, randomly select 50 intervals to be 1, ensuring the sum is correct. This could be done by generating a random binary array with 50 ones and 50 zeros.

So, modifying the code to generate multiple initial guesses, including the provided one and some random ones, and then optimizing each. This could help avoid local minima.

Another adjustment: in the previous code, the perturbations are generated by adding noise to the best_h and scaling. Perhaps varying the noise range and the number of perturbations could lead to better results. For example, using larger noise initially to explore the space, then smaller noise to refine.

Also, the previous code uses 300 perturbations. Maybe increasing this number could help, but it would take more time. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, it's important to balance between the number of perturbations and the time spent on each optimization.

Another thought: the objective function is to minimize the maximum overlap. The current code uses the maximum of the convolution, which is correct. But perhaps the maximum occurs at specific k's, and we could focus the optimization on those. However, without knowing which k's are critical, this is difficult.

Alternatively, during the optimization, we could track which k's contribute to the maximum and adjust the function to reduce those. But this would require modifying the objective function, which might complicate things.

In summary, the plan is to:

1. Generate multiple initial guesses, including the provided one and some random ones.
2. Use a more efficient optimization method, possibly with different settings.
3. Vary the perturbation strategies to explore the search space more thoroughly.
4. Use tighter tolerances and more iterations to refine the solutions.
5. Track the best solution found within the time budget.

Now, implementing these ideas in code.

First, generate multiple initial guesses. For example, the provided initial_h_values, plus some random binary arrays with 50 ones and 50 zeros.

Then, for each initial guess, perform optimization with SLSQP, possibly with different perturbations.

But how to generate the random initial guesses? For example, for n_points=100, create a random array where 50 elements are 1 and 50 are 0. This can be done with numpy.random.choice.

However, the initial_h_values might already be a good starting point. So, in the code, we can generate a few random initial guesses and optimize them.

Another idea: use the provided initial_h_values as one initial guess, and generate others by randomly permuting the 1s and 0s.

In the previous code, the initial guess is fixed. Changing that to generate multiple initial guesses could help.

Also, in the previous code, the perturbations are generated by adding noise to the best_h. Maybe instead of perturbing the best_h, we can generate new initial guesses each time, which could lead to better exploration.

But with the time constraints, it's important to balance between exploration and exploitation.

Another adjustment: in the previous code, the number of perturbations is 300. Maybe reducing this number and focusing on more effective perturbations could help. Or increasing it, but with more efficient optimization.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (1500) for each optimization. Maybe reducing this number and allowing more perturbations could be better.

In terms of code changes:

- Generate multiple initial guesses, including the provided one and some random ones.
- For each initial guess, perform optimization with SLSQP, possibly with different settings.
- Track the best solution found.

Let me outline the code changes.

First, in the run function, instead of starting with the initial_h_values, generate several initial guesses. For example:

initial_guesses = [initial_h_values]
for _ in range(num_random_guesses):
    random_guess = np.random.choice([0, 1], size=n_points, p=[0.5, 0.5])
    # Ensure the sum is n_points/2
    # But this might not be exactly correct, so adjust
    # However, since we're using a binary array, the sum will be exactly 50 for n_points=100.
    # Wait, for n_points=100, sum(random_guess) will be between 0 and 100. We need it to be 50.
    # So generate a random binary array with exactly 50 ones.
    random_guess = np.random.permutation(np.concatenate([np.ones(50), np.zeros(50)]))
    initial_guesses.append(random_guess)

But for n_points=100, this would create a random permutation of 50 ones and 50 zeros. This could be a good initial guess.

Then, for each initial_guess in initial_guesses, perform optimization.

But this would increase the number of optimizations, which might take more time. However, with the time budget, it's worth trying.

Another idea: use the provided initial_h_values as one initial guess, and generate a few random ones.

In the previous code, the initial guess is fixed. Changing it to generate multiple initial guesses could help.

Also, in the previous code, the perturbations are generated by adding noise to the best_h. Maybe instead of perturbing the best_h, we can generate new initial guesses each time, which could lead to better exploration.

But with the time constraints, it's important to balance.

Another adjustment: use a different optimization method. For example, using the SLSQP method with tighter tolerances, or using the COBYLA method.

Alternatively, using the L-BFGS-B method, which is suitable for bound-constrained problems.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is appropriate for equality constraints.

Another idea: adjust the objective function to use a different metric. For example, instead of taking the maximum of the convolution, use a weighted sum of the convolutions, but this might not be helpful.

Alternatively, use a different way to compute the overlap integral. For example, precompute all possible shifts and find the maximum.

But the current approach is already efficient.

Now, putting this into code.

The code would:

- Generate multiple initial guesses (provided and random).
- For each initial guess, perform optimization with SLSQP.
- Track the best solution.

But how to implement this within the time budget?

Perhaps, in the previous code, the number of perturbations is 300. If we generate, say, 5 initial guesses (the provided one and 4 random ones), and for each, perform optimization with a certain number of iterations, this might be feasible.

Alternatively, generate a few initial guesses and optimize each with a limited number of iterations.

But the previous code already has a loop over perturbations, which is a way to generate multiple initial guesses.

Another adjustment: in the previous code, the perturbations are generated by adding noise to the best_h. Maybe instead of doing that, generate new initial guesses each time, which could lead to better exploration.

But with the time, it's better to proceed with modifying the code to generate multiple initial guesses and optimize them.

So, in the code:

- Start with the provided initial_h_values.
- Generate a few random initial guesses.
- For each, perform optimization.

But how to implement this?

Perhaps, in the code, replace the perturbation loop with generating multiple initial guesses and optimizing each.

But given the time, perhaps it's better to proceed with the previous approach but with some modifications.

Another idea: use a different initial guess that is more spread out. For example, placing the 1s in intervals that are spaced as far apart as possible. For example, for n_points=100, the 1s could be placed at positions 0, 0.5, 1.0, etc., but this is not straightforward.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 in intervals that are spaced with a certain periodicity.

But without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to say.

In conclusion, the main changes to the previous code would be:

1. Generate multiple initial guesses, including the provided one and some random ones.
2. Use a more efficient optimization method or adjust parameters.
3. Vary the perturbation strategies to explore the search space more thoroughly.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

The code would:

- Generate multiple initial guesses.
- For each, perform optimization.
- Track the best solution.

So, modifying the previous code:

Instead of perturbing the best_h, generate multiple initial guesses and optimize each.

But given the time, perhaps the previous approach with perturbations is better, but with more varied perturbations.

Another idea: use a different initial guess for each perturbation. For example, for the first few perturbations, use random guesses, then use perturbations based on the best_h.

But this is similar to what the previous code does.

In the previous code, the first 10 perturbations are random, then others are perturbations of the best_h. Maybe increasing the number of random initial guesses could help.

So, in the code, the number of perturbations is 300. For the first 10, generate random guesses. For the next 290, perturb the best_h.

But perhaps generating more random guesses could help. For example, increasing the number of random guesses.

Alternatively, for the first few perturbations, generate random guesses, then use perturbations of the best_h.

In any case, the code would need to generate multiple initial guesses and optimize them.

Another adjustment: in the previous code, the perturbations are generated by adding noise and scaling. Maybe using different noise ranges for different perturbations.

In the previous code, the first 10 perturbations use larger noise (-0.2 to 0.2), then smaller noise for the rest. This could help explore the space initially and then refine.

But perhaps using more varied noise ranges could help.

In summary, the code would be modified to generate multiple initial guesses, use different perturbation strategies, and optimize each with SLSQP.

Now, implementing this in code.

The final code would look something like this:

- Generate multiple initial guesses (provided and random).
- For each, perform optimization.
- Track the best solution.

But given the time, it's better to proceed with the previous approach but with some modifications.

Another idea: use the provided initial_h_values as the starting point, and then generate perturbations with different noise ranges and strategies.

In the previous code, the first 10 perturbations are random, then others are perturbations of the best_h. Maybe increasing the number of random perturbations could help.

So, modifying the code to generate more random initial guesses.

But given the time, I'll proceed to write the code with these ideas in mind.

The final code would include generating multiple initial guesses, using different perturbation strategies, and optimizing each with SLSQP.

Now, writing the code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Use the provided initial guess and generate random initial guesses
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Generate multiple diverse initial guesses
    num_initial_guesses = 5  # Include the provided one and 4 random ones
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess]
    for _ in range(num_initial_guesses - 1):
        # Generate a random binary array with exactly 50 ones (for n_points=100)
        random_guess = np.random.permutation(np.concatenate([np.ones(50), np.zeros(50)]))
        initial_guesses.append(random_guess)
    
    # Evaluate each initial guess and optimize
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Objective function to minimize C5
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            max_corr = np.max(corr)
            return max_corr * dx
        
        # Bounds for each h[i]
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        
        # Constraints: sum(h) == target_sum
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        # Perform optimization with tighter tolerances and more iterations
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 1500}
        )
        
        # Check if this result is better
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        # Check elapsed time
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```