<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38092, and we need to get lower than that, ideally around 0.380876. 

First, I need to understand the problem better. The task is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. 

The previous code uses a random perturbation approach with SLSQP optimization. But maybe that's not the most efficient way. Let me think about possible improvements.

One idea is to use a different optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization approach could help avoid local minima. However, global optimization is computationally expensive. But since the time budget is 100 seconds and we have 10 CPUs, maybe parallelizing the search could help. 

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem. Maybe there's a way to structure h to have certain periodicity or symmetry. For example, if h is designed to have a repeating pattern that minimizes overlap with its shifted versions. 

The current initial guess is based on 100 samples. Maybe starting with a different initial guess could lead to better results. For instance, using a more structured initial guess, like a piecewise constant function with specific intervals. 

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe varying the perturbation strategy, such as using different noise scales or more sophisticated mutation steps, could help. 

Another angle: the overlap integral is maximized over all k. So, for each k, we need to ensure that the integral is as small as possible. This seems like a multi-objective optimization problem. However, since we're trying to minimize the maximum, perhaps we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we minimize the maximum value of the integrals. 

But how to handle the max over k? One approach is to approximate the maximum by considering a finite set of k values. However, since k can be any real number, this might not be straightforward. Alternatively, since the function is periodic, maybe the worst-case k occurs at certain discrete points. 

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm could be beneficial. Genetic algorithms are good for exploring the search space and escaping local optima. However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch might be time-consuming, but perhaps we can use existing libraries or adapt the code. 

Wait, the previous code uses scipy's minimize with SLSQP. Maybe using a different optimization method, like differential evolution, which is a global optimizer, could find better solutions. However, differential evolution might be slower. But with parallelization, perhaps it's feasible. 

Another idea: the problem is similar to designing a function that has low autocorrelation. In signal processing, low autocorrelation sequences are used to minimize interference. Maybe techniques from that field could be applied here. For example, using a sequence with low autocorrelation, but adjusted to fit the integral constraint. 

Also, considering the integral constraint: the average value of h is 0.5. So, the function is like a binary signal with 50% on and 50% off. Maybe designing h to have a certain structure, like a periodic function with specific on/off intervals. 

Let me think about the previous code's approach. It starts with an initial guess and then perturbs it, optimizing each time. But maybe the initial guess isn't optimal. The initial_h_values provided might not be the best starting point. 

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to evaluate the overlap. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which might be computationally heavy. However, with the given constraints, perhaps it's manageable. 

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the perturbation strategy could lead to better results. For example, using different noise scales for different stages of the optimization. 

What about using a more sophisticated optimization method? For instance, using a combination of local and global optimization. Maybe first doing a global search with differential evolution to find a good starting point, then refining with SLSQP. 

But how to implement that within the time budget? Let's think about the steps. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can efficiently explore the search space by learning from previous evaluations. However, implementing Bayesian optimization might be complex. 

Another thought: the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals. Each integral corresponds to a shift k. So, perhaps we can model this as a minimax problem. However, solving such problems directly is challenging. 

Wait, the current code's objective function is to compute the maximum of the correlations. So, during optimization, the algorithm tries to minimize this maximum. But the previous approach uses a local optimizer, which might get stuck in a local minimum. 

Perhaps using a different initial guess would help. For example, starting with a function that has a certain structure, like a periodic function with specific intervals. For instance, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and setting h to 1 or 0 in a way that balances the integral. 

Let me consider an example. Suppose we divide [0,2] into m intervals. If we set h to 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, ensuring that the total integral is 1. For example, if m is even, maybe alternating 1 and 0. But this might not be optimal. 

Alternatively, maybe using a more complex pattern, like a binary sequence with certain properties. For example, a de Bruijn sequence or something similar. However, I'm not sure. 

Another approach is to use a gradient-based method but with a better initialization. The previous code uses random perturbations, but maybe a better initial guess can be constructed. 

Wait, the initial_h_values are provided. Maybe the initial guess is already a good starting point, but the previous code's optimization isn't sufficient. So, perhaps the problem is in the optimization method. 

Let me think about the objective function. The overlap integral for each k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For each k, this is equivalent to the integral over x of h(x) minus the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) is 1, the first term is 1. So the overlap integral is 1 minus the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, maximizing the overlap integral is equivalent to minimizing the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. 

Therefore, the problem reduces to finding h such that the maximum over k of [1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx] is minimized. Which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx over k. 

So, the problem is to maximize the minimum of the cross-correlation between h and itself. 

This seems similar to designing a function with high autocorrelation at certain points. Wait, but we want to minimize the maximum overlap, which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the cross-correlation. 

Hmm, perhaps this is a known problem in signal processing. For example, in code-division multiple access (CDMA), sequences with low autocorrelation are desired. But here, the problem is different. 

Alternatively, thinking in terms of energy. The integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx represents the energy of the overlap between h and its shifted version. To minimize the maximum of this, we want h to have as little overlap as possible with its shifted versions. 

So, the goal is to design h such that when shifted by any k, the overlap is minimized. 

Now, how to model this. The previous approach uses a local optimization method, which might not be sufficient. Maybe using a different optimization strategy, such as a genetic algorithm, could explore the search space more effectively. 

But given the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to refine the existing method. For example, using a more efficient optimization algorithm, or improving the initial guess. 

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a penalty method where we try to minimize the maximum value by adding a penalty term. However, this is similar to what the current code does. 

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses. The previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations, but maybe increasing the number of initial guesses and using different perturbation strategies could lead to better results. 

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations (100). Maybe using a larger number of perturbations, but with varying noise scales, could help. For example, starting with large perturbations to escape local minima, then smaller ones to refine. 

Also, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed maxiter of 2000. Maybe adjusting the optimization parameters, such as increasing the tolerance or using different methods, could improve convergence. 

Alternatively, using a different optimization library. For example, using CVXPY with a different solver. However, the previous code uses scipy's minimize. 

Wait, the user mentioned that they can use scipy, numpy, cvxpy with various solvers. Maybe formulating the problem as a convex optimization problem. However, the problem is non-convex because of the max over k. So, it's challenging. 

Another approach: since the overlap integral is maximized over k, perhaps we can approximate this maximum by considering a finite set of k values. For example, considering k values that are multiples of dx, which is 2/n_points. This would reduce the problem to optimizing over a finite number of k's. 

But how to choose which k's to consider? Maybe the worst-case k occurs at certain specific points. For example, the k that corresponds to the shift between adjacent intervals in the step function. 

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap might occur at k values that are multiples of the interval size. 

But this is speculative. 

Another idea: since the function h is a step function with n_points samples, the shifts k that are multiples of dx would correspond to shifts between the samples. So, perhaps evaluating the overlap for these k values would be sufficient. 

But how does this affect the optimization? If we can approximate the maximum overlap by considering only these discrete k's, then the problem becomes a finite-dimensional optimization problem. 

This could be a way to simplify the problem. For example, instead of considering all possible k, consider k values that are multiples of dx. Then, the maximum overlap would be the maximum over these k's. 

This would make the problem more tractable, as the number of k's would be O(n_points), leading to a manageable number of constraints. 

But how to implement this? Let's think. 

The overlap integral for a given k is ∫₀² h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. If we approximate this integral using the samples, perhaps using the trapezoidal rule or another method. However, the current code uses np.correlate, which is essentially computing the sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) * dx. 

But for the purpose of optimization, perhaps we can model the problem as minimizing the maximum of these correlations for certain k's. 

If we can find a set of k's that are critical, then the problem becomes a constrained optimization problem where we minimize the maximum of the correlations for those k's. 

This would allow us to use a more efficient optimization method, as the number of constraints is reduced. 

But how to choose which k's to consider? Maybe the worst-case k occurs when the shift causes the maximum overlap between the steps. For example, when k is such that the shifted h overlaps with the original h in regions where both are 1. 

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap might occur when k is such that the shift aligns the steps in a way that maximizes the product h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). 

This is getting a bit too vague. Let me think about practical steps. 

Perhaps the previous code's main issue is that it uses a local optimizer and might get stuck in a local minimum. To address this, using a global optimization method like differential evolution could be better. 

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution instead of SLSQP. Differential evolution is a global optimizer that can explore the search space more thoroughly. 

But how to implement this? The objective function would still be the maximum of the correlations. However, differential evolution requires the objective function to be minimized. 

Let me outline the steps:

1. Use a different initial guess. Maybe start with a structured initial guess, like a periodic function. For example, dividing the interval into equal parts and setting h to 1 in certain intervals. 

2. Use differential evolution to optimize the function. This would involve defining the objective function as the maximum of the correlations, and then using differential evolution to minimize this. 

3. Since differential evolution can be slow, but with parallelization, maybe it's feasible within the time budget. 

But how to handle the constraints? The constraint is that the sum of h is fixed. 

In differential evolution, we can handle constraints by using a penalty method. For example, adding a penalty term to the objective function if the constraint is violated. 

Alternatively, during the optimization, ensure that the constraint is satisfied by adjusting the parameters. 

But this might complicate things. 

Alternatively, since the sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2, we can normalize the h after each perturbation. For example, during the optimization, after generating a candidate h, scale it to meet the sum constraint. 

This approach would allow us to use differential evolution without explicitly handling the constraint as a separate constraint. 

So, the steps for the new approach would be:

- Define the objective function as the maximum of the correlations, which is the value we want to minimize. 

- Use differential evolution to optimize h, with the constraint that the sum of h is n_points / 2. 

But how to handle the sum constraint? One way is to normalize the h after each mutation. For example, during the evolution, after generating a new candidate h, scale it so that the sum is correct. 

This would ensure that the constraint is always satisfied. 

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution with this normalization. 

Another consideration: the number of samples. The previous code uses n_points=100. Maybe using a larger n_points could lead to better results, but it would take more time. However, the problem states that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. 

But given that the previous code uses 100 samples, perhaps keeping n_points=100 is better for speed. 

So, putting this together, the new approach would be:

- Use differential evolution to optimize the h vector, with the sum constraint enforced by normalization. 

- Evaluate the objective function as the maximum correlation. 

- Use a good initial guess, possibly the initial_h_values provided. 

But how to implement this in Python? 

The scipy.optimize.differential_evolution function can be used. However, it requires the bounds for each parameter. 

The bounds are [0,1] for each h[i]. 

The objective function would be the maximum of the correlations. 

But how to compute the correlations? For each candidate h, compute the correlations for all possible k, then take the maximum. 

But for efficiency, perhaps we can limit the k's considered. For example, considering k values that are multiples of dx, which is 2/n_points. 

However, the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the correlation for all possible shifts. 

But for the purpose of the objective function, we need to compute the maximum of these correlations. 

So, the objective function would be:

def objective(h):
    one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
    corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
    return np.max(corr) * dx

But this might be computationally expensive. However, with n_points=100, the correlation would have length 2*100 -1 = 199. So, for each evaluation, it's O(n^2) operations. 

But with differential evolution, which requires many function evaluations, this could be slow. 

Alternatively, perhaps we can approximate the maximum by considering only certain k values. For example, considering k values that are multiples of dx. 

But this is a trade-off between accuracy and speed. 

Another idea: since the maximum overlap occurs when the shift k is such that the overlap between h and 1-h is maximized. For a step function, this might happen when k is such that the shifted h overlaps with regions where h is 1 and 1-h is 1 (i.e., where h is 0). 

But this is not straightforward. 

Alternatively, considering that the maximum correlation occurs when k is such that the shift aligns the steps in a way that maximizes the product. 

But without knowing the exact k's, it's hard to proceed. 

So, perhaps the best approach is to proceed with the differential evolution method, using the full correlation computation, and see if it can find a better solution. 

Another consideration: the previous code uses a random perturbation approach, which might not be as effective as differential evolution. 

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution instead of SLSQP. 

But how to handle the sum constraint? The differential evolution doesn't have a built-in way to handle equality constraints, but we can enforce the constraint by normalizing the h after each mutation. 

For example, during the evolution process, whenever a new candidate h is generated, we can scale it so that the sum is n_points / 2. 

This way, the constraint is always satisfied. 

So, the code would look something like this:

def objective(h):
    one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
    corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
    return np.max(corr) * dx

Then, during the optimization, after generating a candidate h, we normalize it. 

But how to integrate this into the differential evolution? 

The differential evolution algorithm generates candidate solutions, and we can apply the normalization to each candidate before evaluating the objective function. 

So, modifying the objective function to include the normalization. 

Wait, no. The objective function is only for evaluating the fitness. The normalization is part of the optimization process. 

So, the code would generate a candidate h, then normalize it to meet the sum constraint, then evaluate the objective function. 

But how to do this in scipy's differential evolution? 

The differential evolution function takes a function that returns the objective value. So, perhaps we can define the objective function as follows:

def objective(h):
    # normalize h to meet the sum constraint
    h_normalized = h * (target_sum / np.sum(h))
    one_minus_h = 1.0 - h_normalized
    corr = np.correlate(h_normalized, one_minus_h, mode='full')
    return np.max(corr) * dx

But this would normalize the h before evaluating the objective function. However, this approach might not be correct because the normalization is part of the optimization process, not the objective function. 

Alternatively, during the optimization, whenever a candidate h is generated, we can normalize it. However, the differential evolution algorithm doesn't allow for this directly. 

An alternative approach is to use a penalty method, where the objective function includes a penalty term if the sum constraint is violated. 

For example:

def objective(h):
    sum_h = np.sum(h)
    penalty = 1e6 * np.abs(sum_h - target_sum)
    one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
    corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
    return np.max(corr) * dx + penalty

This way, the optimizer is penalized if the sum constraint is not met. However, this might not be very effective, as the penalty could dominate the objective function. 

Alternatively, we can use a constraint in the optimization problem. However, scipy's differential evolution doesn't support constraints directly. 

This seems complicated. Perhaps the best way is to use the initial approach with SLSQP but with better parameters and a different initial guess. 

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations and varying the noise scale could help. For example, starting with larger noise to explore the search space, then smaller noise to refine. 

Also, using a better initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might not be optimal. Perhaps generating a better initial guess by using a structured approach. 

For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and setting h to 1 in certain intervals. For instance, if we divide into m intervals, and set h to 1 in half of them. 

But how to choose m? For n_points=100, dividing into 50 intervals of 0.04 length. 

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initial guess based on known optimal solutions. 

But without prior knowledge, it's hard to say. 

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations (100). Maybe using a larger number of perturbations, but with varying noise scales, could lead to better exploration. 

Also, the previous code uses a fixed maxiter of 2000 for each optimization. Maybe reducing the maxiter and increasing the number of perturbations could be more efficient. 

In summary, the plan is to:

1. Use a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, to explore the search space more thoroughly.

2. Enforce the sum constraint by normalizing the h vector during optimization.

3. Use a better initial guess, possibly a structured one.

4. Adjust the perturbation strategy to explore the search space more effectively.

However, implementing differential evolution with the sum constraint is challenging. 

Alternatively, using the existing SLSQP approach but with improved parameters and a better initial guess. 

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. The number of perturbations is 100, and for each, it runs an SLSQP optimization with 2000 iterations. This might be too slow. 

Perhaps reducing the number of perturbations and increasing the number of iterations per optimization could be better. 

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. 

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, perhaps we can use a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to minimize each integral. However, this is not straightforward. 

Alternatively, using a surrogate model to approximate the objective function and guide the optimization. 

But this is getting too complex. 

Perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code by improving the initial guess and the perturbation strategy. 

For example, instead of using random perturbations, perhaps using a more structured perturbation. For instance, starting with the initial guess and then applying mutations that flip certain intervals of h. 

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach, where we evolve a population of h functions, selecting those with lower C5 values. 

But implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch would take time. 

Alternatively, using the existing code but with a different initial guess. 

The initial_h_values are provided. Maybe they are a good starting point. 

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe using a larger number of perturbations, but with smaller noise scales, could help. 

Also, the previous code uses a fixed noise scale for the first few perturbations. Maybe varying the noise scale more dynamically. 

In conclusion, the plan is to:

- Use the existing code but improve the perturbation strategy and optimization parameters.

- Perhaps increase the number of perturbations and adjust the noise scales.

- Use a better initial guess if possible.

- Maybe use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, if feasible.

But given the time constraints, perhaps sticking with the existing approach but making adjustments.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses a fixed dx = 2.0 / n_points. For n_points=100, dx=0.02. Maybe using a larger n_points could allow for more precise optimization, but it would take more time. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. 

So, keeping n_points=100. 

Another thought: the current code evaluates the maximum correlation using np.correlate, which might not be the most efficient way. Perhaps precomputing the correlations for all k's and finding the maximum. 

But this is what the code does. 

Another idea: since the overlap integral is maximized over k, perhaps we can find the k that maximizes the integral and focus the optimization on that. However, this is not straightforward. 

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with a better initial guess. 

In the previous code, the initial guess is initial_h_values. Maybe generating a better initial guess by using a structured approach. 

For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and setting h to 1 in certain intervals. For instance, if we divide into m intervals, and set h to 1 in half of them. 

For example, for n_points=100, dividing into 50 intervals of 0.04 length. Then, setting h to 1 in the first 50 intervals and 0 in the next 50. But this would give a sum of 50 * 0.04 * 1 = 2, which is correct. Wait, the integral of h over [0,2] is sum(h) * dx. So, for sum(h) to be n_points / 2, which is 50 for n_points=100. 

So, if we set h to 1 in 50 intervals and 0 in the other 50, then sum(h) would be 50, which is correct. 

But this would create a step function that is 1 for half the interval and 0 for the other half. However, this might not be optimal. 

For example, if h is 1 for [0,1] and 0 for [1,2], then the overlap integral for k=0 would be ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx = 0. For k=1, it would be ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+1)) dx. For x in [0,1], h(x)=1, and h(x+1) is 0 for x in [0,1], so 1 - 0 = 1. So the integral is ∫0^1 1*1 dx = 1. For other k's, it might be lower. So the maximum overlap would be 1, which is worse than the current best. 

Thus, this structured approach might not be good. 

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern. For example, a binary sequence with certain properties. 

But without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to proceed. 

In conclusion, the best approach might be to refine the existing code by improving the perturbation strategy and optimization parameters. 

So, modifying the previous code as follows:

- Increase the number of perturbations to allow more exploration.

- Use different noise scales for different stages of the optimization.

- Adjust the optimization parameters, such as reducing the tolerance or increasing the maxiter.

- Use a better initial guess, perhaps by generating a structured initial guess.

But since the initial_h_values are provided, maybe using that as the initial guess is better. 

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (100). Maybe increasing this number to 200, but with smaller noise scales later on. 

Also, in the previous code, for the first 20 perturbations, it uses larger noise, then smaller. Maybe increasing this to more perturbations. 

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization method for the perturbations. For example, using a local optimizer like L-BFGS-B, which is more efficient for certain problems. 

But the previous code uses SLSQP. 

In summary, the plan is to:

1. Use the existing code but with more perturbations and adjusted noise scales.

2. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.

3. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

4. Possibly use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, if feasible.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method. 

Wait, the user mentioned that they can use cvxpy with various solvers. However, the problem is non-convex, so it's unlikely to be solvable with convex optimization. 

Another idea: use a Bayesian optimization approach with a surrogate model. However, implementing this would require additional code. 

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to stick with the existing code but make the following changes:

- Increase the number of perturbations to allow more exploration.

- Use a different noise scale for later perturbations.

- Adjust the optimization parameters, such as reducing the tolerance.

- Use a better initial guess.

So, modifying the previous code as follows:

- Increase num_perturbations to 200.

- For the first 50 perturbations, use larger noise.

- For the next 100, use smaller noise.

- Adjust the ftol parameter to be smaller.

- Increase the maxiter for each optimization.

But I need to code this. 

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed dx. For n_points=100, dx=0.02. 

In conclusion, the final code would be an improved version of the previous code, with more perturbations, adjusted noise scales, and possibly different optimization parameters. 

Now, translating this into code. 

The previous code has a loop over perturbation_idx, and for each, it generates a perturbed h. 

In the new code, I'll increase the number of perturbations to 200, and adjust the noise scales. 

Also, perhaps using a different optimization method, like L-BFGS-B, which is more efficient for bound-constrained problems. 

But the previous code uses SLSQP. 

Alternatively, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds. 

But I'm not sure. 

In any case, the code will be modified to have more perturbations and possibly better parameters. 

So, the final code would look something like this:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

- For each perturbation, generate a new h by adding noise and scaling.

- Use SLSQP with tighter tolerances.

- Increase the number of perturbations.

- Adjust the noise scales for different stages.

Thus, the code would be as follows.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Initial guess provided
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Increased number of perturbations for better exploration
    num_perturbations = 200
    
    for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
        # Varying noise scales for different stages
        if perturbation_idx < 50:
            noise_scale = 0.2
        elif perturbation_idx < 150:
            noise_scale = 0.1
        else:
            noise_scale = 0.05
        
        # Random perturbation with varying scale
        if perturbation_idx < 20:
            # Initial random guess
            random_noise = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, n_points)
            perturbed = initial_guess + random_noise
        else:
            # Perturb best_h with varying noise
            noise = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, n_points)
            perturbed = best_h + noise
        
        # Clip and scale to meet the sum constraint
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function to minimize the maximum overlap
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Constraints: sum(h) == target_sum
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        # Use L-BFGS-B for faster convergence on bounded problems
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 500}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        # Check time budget
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```