<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous approach used a local optimization with perturbations and SLSQP, but maybe I can do better with a different strategy.

First, let me think about the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by k. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The challenge is to minimize the maximum of these integrals over all k.

The previous code used a perturbation approach, starting from an initial guess and optimizing. However, it might be stuck in local minima. Maybe I should try a different optimization method or parameterization. Also, the number of samples (n_points) might affect the result. The initial guess has n=100, but maybe using more points could help, but the budget is tight. Wait, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred because they're faster. So maybe using n=200 or 400 could be better, but I need to balance between resolution and computation time.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a covering problem or a scheduling problem where we want to minimize the maximum overlap. Maybe using a greedy approach or a genetic algorithm could help explore the search space more effectively. However, genetic algorithms might be too slow given the time budget. Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method like differential evolution, which is good for global optimization, could find better solutions.

Wait, the previous code used SLSQP with constraints. Maybe adding more constraints or using a different solver could help. Also, the initial guess might be too similar to the previous one, leading to local optima. So perhaps generating multiple initial guesses with different structures could help. For example, using a random initial guess, or a structured one like a periodic function, or a combination of intervals.

Another observation: the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). This is equivalent to the convolution of h and (1 - h), evaluated at k, multiplied by dx. So the maximum over all k of this convolution. To minimize the maximum, we need to design h such that this convolution is as small as possible everywhere.

Maybe I can model this as an optimization problem where I minimize the maximum value of the convolution. However, directly optimizing the maximum is difficult. So perhaps using a relaxation, like minimizing the maximum by using a penalty function. Alternatively, using a bilevel optimization approach where we minimize the maximum over k, but that's complex.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions (for each k), perhaps using a method that alternates between optimizing for different k's. But how?

Another approach: since the integral is over [0,2], and shifts can wrap around, but the problem defines the integral as the full convolution. Wait, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which for two arrays of length n gives a result of length 2n-1. But the actual integral for shift k would be for k in [-n+1, n-1], but since the original function is on [0,2], maybe the shifts are within a certain range. However, the exact handling of the shifts might be tricky.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be approximated by considering shifts within a certain range, say k in [0, 2], but I'm not sure. The exact integral for each k depends on how the shift interacts with the domain [0,2]. However, the code uses the full convolution, which might account for all possible shifts.

Another idea: the previous code used a fixed number of perturbations (300) but maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or varying the perturbation strategies could help. For example, using different initial structures, like a uniform distribution, or a piecewise constant function with different intervals.

Wait, the initial guess is given as initial_h_values. Maybe I can start from that, but also try other initializations. For example, generating a random initial guess with the same sum, or a structured one. Also, perhaps using a different optimization method, like differential evolution, which is better at escaping local minima.

Let me think about the optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP with constraints. However, SLSQP can get stuck in local minima. Maybe using a global optimization method like differential evolution (DE) could find better solutions. However, DE is slower, but with the budget of 100 seconds, maybe it's feasible.

But the problem is that the objective function is the maximum of the convolution, which is non-smooth and has many local minima. So a global optimization approach might be better. However, DE requires evaluating the objective function many times, which could be time-consuming.

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of local and global methods. For example, starting with a global search to find a good initial guess, then refining with local optimization.

Another consideration: the previous code used a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe varying the number of perturbations based on the time left. For example, starting with a few perturbations and increasing as time allows.

Also, the constraints are that the sum of h is fixed. The previous code scales the perturbed values to meet this constraint. That's correct.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed n_points, maybe trying different n_points. For example, starting with n=100, but if time allows, trying n=200. However, with the time budget, maybe n=100 is better because it's faster.

Wait, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So n=100 is acceptable. Maybe using n=100 is better for speed.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed initial guess. Maybe generating multiple initial guesses with different structures. For example, some with more 0s and 1s, others with varying step sizes. Or using a random initial guess each time.

Alternatively, using a different parameterization. For example, instead of representing h as a step function with values between 0 and 1, maybe using a binary representation (0 or 1) but that might not be allowed since h can take any value in [0,1]. However, the problem allows h to be any step function, so maybe using a binary representation could be a starting point, but the optimal solution might require intermediate values.

Another thought: the problem resembles the problem of designing a function to minimize the maximum overlap, which is similar to the concept of "anti-correlation" between shifts. Maybe using a function that is highly non-uniform, with regions where h is 0 and 1, but arranged in a way that shifting it doesn't create overlaps.

For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart, then shifting by certain amounts would cause overlaps. But the exact arrangement is tricky.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a covering problem where we want to cover the interval [0,2] with regions where h is 1, such that when shifted, the overlap with the complement is minimized. But how to model this?

Perhaps using a greedy approach: place intervals where h is 1 in such a way that they are spaced to minimize overlap. But how to translate this into an optimization problem?

Alternatively, maybe using a Fourier analysis approach. Since the problem involves convolutions, perhaps analyzing the Fourier transform of h and 1-h. The maximum overlap integral would relate to the convolution, which in Fourier domain is the product of the Fourier transforms. However, I'm not sure how to apply this directly to the optimization problem.

Another angle: the integral for a shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Let's consider that for each x, h(x) and h(x + k) are related. If we can arrange h such that for any shift k, the product h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) is small on average.

This seems similar to designing a function that is "spread out" in some way. For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart, then shifting by certain amounts would cause overlaps. But the exact arrangement is complex.

Perhaps the key is to find a function h that is as "spread out" as possible, so that shifting it doesn't create large overlaps. For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are spaced with gaps, then shifting by the gap size would cause the overlap to be minimal.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem?

Maybe the previous approach of using local optimization with perturbations is the way to go, but with some modifications. For example, using a different optimization method, like differential evolution, which is better at exploring the search space.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to find the best h, but that might be complex to implement.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, perhaps we can use a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to minimize each integral simultaneously. However, this is not straightforward.

Alternatively, we can use a penalty method where we minimize the maximum by adding a penalty term to the objective function. For example, the objective could be the maximum value of the convolution, but since it's hard to optimize directly, we can use a surrogate function that approximates this.

But how to implement this?

Alternatively, considering that the maximum is over all k, perhaps we can sample a set of k values and minimize the maximum over those sampled k's. This would reduce the problem to a finite set of constraints, which can be handled with optimization methods. However, this is an approximation and might not capture the true maximum.

But given the time constraints, this might be a feasible approach. For example, sampling a few k values (say, 100 points) and minimizing the maximum over those. This would turn the problem into a constrained optimization problem with multiple constraints (each corresponding to a k).

However, the previous code already uses the full convolution, which considers all possible k's. But perhaps for the purposes of optimization, considering a subset of k's could be sufficient, especially if the maximum is achieved at certain critical points.

Another thought: the previous code uses the full convolution, which for n_points samples gives a result of length 2n_points - 1. However, the actual integral for each shift k depends on how the shift interacts with the domain [0,2]. For example, when k is larger than 2, the overlap might be zero. But the code considers all possible shifts, which might be overkill. However, the problem statement says that the integral is over [0,2], so perhaps the shifts k are within a certain range. But I'm not sure. The code uses the full convolution, which might include shifts that are not within the domain, but the integral is computed correctly.

In any case, the code as written is correct in that aspect.

So, to improve the previous approach, perhaps the following steps:

1. Use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, which is better at global optimization.
2. Generate more diverse initial guesses, not just perturbations of the initial guess.
3. Use a larger number of initial guesses or different starting points.
4. Adjust the parameters of the optimization (like the number of iterations, tolerance) to find better solutions.
5. Consider using a different parameterization of h, such as using a binary or ternary representation, but since h can take any value between 0 and 1, this might not be necessary.

Let me think about implementing differential evolution. The scipy.optimize.differential_evolution function can be used for this. However, the objective function needs to be minimized, and the constraints must be handled. But differential evolution can handle bounds and constraints, though it's more straightforward with bounds.

Wait, the constraints here are that the sum of h is fixed. So, we need to ensure that the sum of h is exactly target_sum. This can be handled by adding a constraint in the optimization problem.

But differential evolution doesn't handle constraints directly, unless we use a constrained version. Alternatively, we can use a penalty method where the objective function includes a penalty for violating the sum constraint.

Alternatively, we can use the SLSQP method with constraints, but perhaps with better settings.

Another idea: since the previous code used SLSQP with a fixed number of perturbations, maybe increasing the number of perturbations and using different initial guesses could help. For example, generating multiple initial guesses with different structures, like some with more 0s and 1s, others with smooth transitions.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess each time, but ensuring the sum is correct.

Another possible improvement: instead of perturbing the best_h each time, generate entirely new initial guesses. For example, for each perturbation, generate a random h that satisfies the sum constraint, and then optimize from there. This could help escape local minima.

But how to generate such random h? For example, for each sample, assign a random value between 0 and 1, then scale to meet the sum constraint. This could be done for multiple initial guesses.

So, modifying the previous approach to generate more diverse initial guesses, not just perturbations of the best_h so far.

Additionally, using a different optimization method. For example, using differential evolution for each initial guess, which might find better minima.

But with the time budget, maybe it's better to use a combination of methods. For example, using differential evolution for some initial guesses and SLSQP for others.

Alternatively, using a global optimization method like differential evolution for the entire problem, but with the sum constraint.

But how to handle the sum constraint in differential evolution? Well, the differential evolution can be applied to the variables with bounds, and then the sum constraint can be enforced by scaling the variables after each iteration. However, this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, using a penalty function in the objective. For example, the objective function is the maximum convolution value plus a penalty term for the sum constraint. However, this could be tricky to tune.

Alternatively, using a constrained optimization approach with differential evolution. But I'm not sure if scipy's differential evolution supports constraints. Looking at the scipy documentation, the differential_evolution function does not support constraints directly. So perhaps using a penalty method.

So, perhaps the plan is:

- Generate multiple initial guesses (random or structured) that satisfy the sum constraint.
- For each initial guess, perform an optimization using a global method like differential evolution, with a penalty for the sum constraint.
- Track the best solution found.

But how to implement this within the time budget?

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method with more iterations and tighter tolerances, but with more diverse initial guesses.

Another idea: the previous code uses 300 perturbations. Maybe increasing that number, but with different strategies. For example, some perturbations are random, others are based on different structures.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach, where each individual is a vector of h values, and the fitness is the C5 value. But implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch might be time-consuming.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and generate more diverse initial guesses.

So, here's a plan for the new code:

1. Use a larger number of initial guesses, generated randomly with the sum constraint.
2. For each initial guess, perform an optimization using differential evolution, which is better at finding global minima.
3. Track the best solution found.
4. Use the best solution to generate new initial guesses for further optimization (maybe in a local search phase).

But how to implement this in code?

Alternatively, since the previous code used SLSQP, maybe switching to differential evolution for the optimization step. However, differential evolution might be slower, but with the budget of 100 seconds, perhaps it's feasible.

Another consideration: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (300), but with the new approach, maybe using fewer perturbations but with better initial guesses.

Let me outline the steps for the new code:

- Generate multiple initial guesses (say, 50) with random values between 0 and 1, scaled to meet the sum constraint.
- For each initial guess, perform an optimization using differential evolution, minimizing the C5 value.
- Track the best solution found.
- Additionally, perform a local optimization (like SLSQP) on the best solution found so far to refine it further.

But how to handle the constraints in differential evolution? Well, the sum constraint can be handled by adding a penalty term to the objective function. For example, the objective function is the maximum convolution value plus a large penalty if the sum of h is not equal to target_sum. However, this requires careful tuning of the penalty coefficient.

Alternatively, during the optimization, we can enforce the sum constraint by scaling the variables. For example, after each iteration, scale the h values to meet the sum constraint. However, this might not be straightforward with differential evolution.

Alternatively, use the SLSQP method with constraints, which allows for equality constraints. The previous code already used SLSQP with the sum constraint. So maybe the issue is that the previous approach was too local and got stuck in suboptimal solutions.

So, perhaps the key is to generate more diverse initial guesses and use a better optimization method. Let me think about how to implement this.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the best_h, generate entirely new initial guesses each time. For example, for each iteration, generate a random h with sum constraint, and optimize from there. This could help explore the search space more thoroughly.

But with the time budget, generating too many initial guesses might be too slow. So, perhaps a balance between the number of initial guesses and the optimization time per guess.

In the previous code, the number of perturbations was 300, but maybe reducing that to 100 and using more diverse initial guesses could be better.

Another possible improvement: using a different parameterization of h. For example, instead of using a step function with values between 0 and 1, perhaps using a binary representation (0 or 1) with certain intervals. However, this might not be optimal, but it's worth trying.

But the problem allows h to be any step function, so binary is allowed. However, the optimal solution might require intermediate values. But for the purposes of exploration, trying a binary h could be a starting point.

Alternatively, using a ternary representation, but that might complicate things.

Another thought: the current best C5 is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. So, even a small improvement could be significant. Maybe the previous code's approach can be refined by using a better optimization method and more diverse initial guesses.

In the previous code, the optimization uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations (1500). Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerances could help.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first perform a global search with differential evolution, then refine with SLSQP.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use differential evolution for the optimization step, and generate more diverse initial guesses.

So, here's the plan for the new code:

- Generate multiple initial guesses (say, 50) with random values between 0 and 1, scaled to meet the sum constraint.
- For each initial guess, perform an optimization using differential evolution, minimizing the C5 value.
- Track the best solution found.
- Additionally, perform a local optimization (like SLSQP) on the best solution to refine it further.

But how to implement differential evolution in scipy? The scipy.optimize.differential_evolution function can be used, but it requires the objective function to be minimized, and the bounds for each variable.

The objective function would be the maximum convolution value multiplied by dx. The constraints would be that the sum of h is equal to target_sum. However, differential evolution doesn't handle constraints directly, so we need to include the sum constraint as part of the objective function with a penalty.

Alternatively, during the optimization, we can enforce the sum constraint by scaling the variables. For example, after each iteration, scale the h values to meet the sum constraint. However, this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, use the SLSQP method with constraints, which is what the previous code did. Maybe the previous code's issue was that it was too local, so generating more diverse initial guesses and using a better optimization method could help.

Another idea: use a combination of global and local optimization. For example, first perform a global search with differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then refine it with SLSQP.

But given the time budget, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and generate more diverse initial guesses.

So, the new code would:

- Generate multiple initial guesses (say, 50) with random values between 0 and 1, scaled to meet the sum constraint.
- For each initial guess, perform an optimization using differential evolution, minimizing the C5 value.
- Track the best solution found.
- Additionally, perform a local optimization (like SLSQP) on the best solution to refine it further.

But implementing this requires changing the optimization method. Let me think about how to code this.

Alternatively, since the previous code used SLSQP, perhaps using a different optimization method for the initial guesses and then refining with SLSQP.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use differential evolution for the optimization step, and generate more diverse initial guesses.

However, I'm not sure about the exact implementation. Let me think about the code structure.

The previous code uses a loop over perturbations, generating perturbed versions of the best_h so far, and optimizing each with SLSQP. To replace this with differential evolution, perhaps for each initial guess, perform differential evolution optimization.

But how to handle the sum constraint in differential evolution? Well, the differential evolution can be applied to the variables with bounds, and then the sum constraint can be enforced by scaling the variables after each iteration. However, this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, use the SLSQP method with constraints, which allows for equality constraints. The previous code already does this. So perhaps the issue is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough, leading to local minima.

So, to improve, generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, instead of perturbing the best_h, generate random initial guesses each time.

So, modifying the previous code to generate random initial guesses instead of perturbations of the best_h.

Here's a possible approach:

- Generate a number of initial guesses (say, 50) with random values between 0 and 1, scaled to meet the sum constraint.
- For each initial guess, perform an optimization using SLSQP, minimizing the C5 value.
- Track the best solution found.
- Additionally, perform a local optimization on the best solution to refine it further.

This way, the initial guesses are more diverse, and the optimization is done with SLSQP.

But how to generate the random initial guesses? For each guess, generate random values between 0 and 1, then scale them to meet the sum constraint.

For example:

random_h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
random_h = random_h * (target_sum / np.sum(random_h))

This ensures that the sum is target_sum.

So, modifying the previous code to generate random initial guesses instead of perturbations of the best_h.

This could help explore the search space more thoroughly.

Another possible improvement: using a combination of random initial guesses and perturbations of the best_h. For example, some initial guesses are random, others are perturbations of the best_h.

But given time constraints, perhaps generating random initial guesses is sufficient.

So, the new code would:

- Generate multiple random initial guesses (say, 50) with sum constraint.
- For each, perform SLSQP optimization.
- Track the best solution.
- Additionally, perform a local optimization on the best solution.

But how to implement this in code?

The previous code had a loop over perturbations, generating perturbed versions of the best_h. Now, instead of that, generate random initial guesses.

So, the code would look something like:

def run(...):
    initial_guesses = [generate_random_h() for _ in range(num_initial_guesses)]
    best_c5 = ...
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        result = optimize(guess)
        if result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

But how to generate the random initial guesses?

Also, the previous code had a loop with perturbations, which might have been generating too similar initial guesses. By generating random ones, we can explore more of the search space.

Another idea: use a combination of random initial guesses and structured ones. For example, some initial guesses are random, others are structured (like alternating 0 and 1, or other patterns).

But given time, perhaps just generating random initial guesses is better.

So, modifying the previous code to generate random initial guesses instead of perturbations.

Another possible improvement: increasing the number of initial guesses. For example, instead of 300 perturbations, generate 100 random initial guesses.

But with the time budget, it's important to balance between the number of initial guesses and the time spent on each optimization.

In the previous code, each optimization took some time, and with 300 perturbations, it might have been too slow. By reducing the number of initial guesses and using more diverse ones, perhaps the code can run faster and find better solutions.

So, the new code would:

- Generate a fixed number of random initial guesses (say, 50).
- For each, perform an optimization using SLSQP.
- Track the best solution found.
- Additionally, perform a local optimization on the best solution to refine it further.

This approach might find better solutions than the previous one.

Another consideration: the previous code used a fixed number of iterations (1500) for each optimization. Maybe reducing that number and allowing more iterations for the best solution.

In summary, the plan is to:

1. Generate multiple random initial guesses with sum constraint.
2. For each, perform SLSQP optimization.
3. Track the best solution.
4. Perform a local optimization on the best solution to refine it further.

This should explore the search space more thoroughly and potentially find a better solution.

Now, translating this into code.

The previous code had a loop over perturbations. Now, replace that with generating random initial guesses.

Also, the initial_guess is given as initial_h_values, but perhaps using that as one of the initial guesses.

But the user said that the initial_h_values is provided, so perhaps using that as one of the initial guesses, along with random ones.

So, the code would generate a mix of random initial guesses and the initial_h_values.

But for the sake of time, perhaps generating random initial guesses and optimizing them.

Now, implementing this in code.

The code would:

- Define the number of initial guesses (say, 50).
- For each, generate a random h with sum constraint.
- Perform optimization with SLSQP.
- Track the best solution.

Additionally, after finding the best solution, perform a local optimization on it to refine further.

But how to implement this in code?

The code would look something like:

def run(...):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_h_values.copy()
    
    # Generate random initial guesses
    num_initial_guesses = 50
    for _ in range(num_initial_guesses):
        # Generate random h
        random_h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
        random_h = random_h * (target_sum / np.sum(random_h))
        # Optimize
        result = optimize(random_h)
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    
    # Perform local optimization on best_h
    # ... same as before ...
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

But the optimize function would be the same as before, using SLSQP with the objective function.

This approach would generate more diverse initial guesses and potentially find a better solution.

Another possible improvement: using a different optimization method for the initial guesses, like differential evolution, but given the time constraints, maybe sticking with SLSQP is better.

Another thing to consider: the previous code used a fixed number of iterations (1500) for each optimization. Maybe reducing that number and allowing more iterations for the best solution.

In the previous code, after generating perturbations, it would optimize each with 1500 iterations. Now, with random initial guesses, perhaps using fewer iterations per optimization to save time, and then refining the best solution with more iterations.

So, modifying the code to use fewer iterations for initial guesses and more for the best solution.

In summary, the new code would:

- Generate multiple random initial guesses.
- Optimize each with SLSQP, using fewer iterations.
- Track the best solution.
- Perform a more thorough optimization on the best solution.

This should balance exploration and exploitation.

Now, considering all this, I'll write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Use the provided initial guess
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Generate multiple diverse initial guesses
    num_initial_guesses = 50  # Reduced to balance exploration and time
    for _ in range(num_initial_guesses):
        # Generate random initial guess
        random_h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
        random_h = random_h * (target_sum / np.sum(random_h))
        
        # Objective function to minimize C5
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            max_corr = np.max(corr)
            return max_corr * dx
        
        # Bounds for each h[i]
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        
        # Constraints: sum(h) == target_sum
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        # Perform optimization with tighter tolerances and fewer iterations
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            random_h,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 500}
        )
        
        # Check if this result is better
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    
    # Final refinement on the best solution
    def final_objective(h):
        one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
        corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
    
    final_result = minimize(
        final_objective,
        best_h,
        method='SLSQP',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=cons,
        options={'ftol': 1e-12, 'maxiter': 1000}
    )
    
    if final_result.success and final_result.fun < best_c5:
        best_c5 = final_result.fun
        best_h = final_result.x
    
    # Check elapsed time
    elapsed = time.time() - start_time
    if elapsed >= budget_s:
        return best_h, best_c5, n_points
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```