<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The current record is around 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. 

First, I should understand the problem better. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is a step function on [0,2] with integral 1. The discretization uses n_points samples, and the evaluation uses numpy's correlate function with mode 'full' multiplied by dx.

The previous code uses a SLSQP optimizer with initial guesses generated by adding sinusoidal noise to an initial construction. But maybe that approach isn't sufficient. Let's think about possible improvements.

Lessons from earlier attempts mentioned avoiding multiprocessing issues, but since the code here doesn't use multiprocessing, that's not a concern. Other lessons might not apply here. 

So, what's different from the previous approach? The previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (50) with sinusoidal noise. Maybe we can try different initializations or optimization strategies. Also, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization method or a different local optimizer could help escape local minima.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a covering problem, where we want to arrange the step function such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. Perhaps using a more structured approach, like dividing the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 0 or 1, but since it's a step function, maybe with more steps. However, the discretization is limited by the n_points, so maybe increasing n_points could help, but the user prefers smaller sequences for speed. 

Wait, the previous code uses n_points=100. Maybe trying a different n_points, like 200, but that might take longer. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, so perhaps with more points, the optimization could be more precise. But the user says smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe stick to n_points around 100-200.

Another thought: the current initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which is a pre-defined construction. Maybe trying different initial constructions could help. For example, using a more optimal initial guess, like a known good solution, or generating random initial guesses. However, the user says that the initial_h_values are available, so perhaps starting from there is better.

The previous code uses sinusoidal noise to perturb the initial guess. Maybe adding different types of noise, like random walk or other patterns, could lead to better initial guesses. Alternatively, using a more sophisticated method to generate initial guesses, such as using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing, but those might be too slow.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimizer like differential evolution (DE) could help find better minima. However, DE might be slower, but with the budget of 100 seconds, perhaps it's manageable.

Wait, the previous code runs multiple initial guesses with SLSQP. Maybe combining DE with SLSQP could be better. But how to implement that within the time constraints?

Another idea: the problem is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation. Perhaps we can model this as an optimization problem where we minimize the maximum value, which is a convex optimization problem? Wait, no, because the maximum of convex functions is convex, but the problem is to minimize that maximum. However, the objective function here is non-convex, so standard convex optimization methods might not work. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a gradient-based method with more sophisticated settings. The previous code uses SLSQP with tight tolerances. Maybe adjusting the optimization parameters, like increasing the number of iterations or using a different method.

Another approach: since the overlap integral depends on the shift k, perhaps we can model this as a problem where for each possible shift k, we want to minimize the integral. However, since k can be any real number, it's challenging. But in the discretization, the correlate function computes the cross-correlation for all possible shifts, and the maximum of those is what we need to minimize.

Wait, the cross-correlation in the code is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'). The mode 'full' returns the cross-correlation at all possible lags. The maximum of these values multiplied by dx is the C5 value. So the problem is to find h that minimizes this maximum.

So, the key is to find a h that, when shifted, overlaps as little as possible with 1-h. 

Maybe a better approach is to consider the problem as a covering problem. For example, if h is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, then shifting h would result in overlaps with 1-h. However, since h is a step function, maybe using a more structured pattern, like a periodic or symmetric pattern, could help.

Another idea: the current best known bound is around 0.38, so perhaps trying to find a h that has a more uniform distribution, avoiding peaks that could lead to high overlaps. For example, if h is a piecewise constant function with equal parts of 0 and 1, but arranged in a way that shifts don't align them.

Wait, the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], so the average value of h is 0.5. So, perhaps a balanced function where h is 1 on some intervals and 0 on others, but arranged such that shifts don't align the 1s with the 0s of 1-h.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. If we can ensure that for all k, this integral is small, then we have a good h.

Another thought: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps using a greedy approach where we iteratively adjust h to reduce the maximum overlap. However, this might be difficult to implement in an optimization framework.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to a scheduling problem where we want to schedule tasks (the 1s in h) such that they don't overlap too much with their shifted versions. But I'm not sure how to translate that into an optimization problem.

Let me think about the previous code again. It uses SLSQP with initial guesses generated by adding sinusoidal noise. Maybe the issue is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. Perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using different types of perturbations, like random noise, or using a different initial construction.

Wait, the initial_h_values are provided. Maybe the initial construction is already a good one, and adding noise to it could help find better solutions. However, the previous code uses 50 initial guesses, which might be sufficient. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help, but with the time budget, it's a trade-off.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method, which doesn't require gradients, or the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm. But these methods might be slower.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions (the cross-correlations for different shifts), perhaps using a penalty method where we penalize the maximum value. However, the previous code already does that by minimizing the maximum value directly.

Wait, the objective function in the previous code is the maximum of the cross-correlations multiplied by dx. So the code is trying to minimize that maximum. However, the maximum is a non-smooth function, which could make the optimization difficult. Maybe using a different approach to approximate the maximum, such as using a smooth approximation.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem by considering the maximum as a constraint. For example, we could try to find h such that for all k, the integral is less than some value C, and then minimize C. This is a semi-infinite optimization problem, which is challenging. However, with discretization, we can approximate it by checking a finite set of k values. But how to choose those k values?

Alternatively, since the cross-correlation is computed for all possible shifts, maybe the maximum occurs at specific shifts, such as k=0, k=1, etc. But I'm not sure. 

Another approach: since the function h is a step function, perhaps we can model it as a set of intervals where h is 0 or 1. However, with n_points samples, it's a discretized version. Maybe using a more structured approach, like dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and setting h to 0 or 1 in those parts. But how to choose which parts?

For example, if we divide [0,2] into m intervals, and set h to 1 in some of them and 0 in others. The total integral would be the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h is 1. Since the integral must be 1, the total length of the 1 intervals is 1. So, for example, if we have m intervals, each of length 2/m, then the number of intervals where h is 1 would be (1) / (2/m) ) = m/2. So m must be even. 

But this is a very structured approach. Maybe trying different m values and finding the optimal arrangement. However, this could be computationally expensive. 

Alternatively, considering that the optimal h might have a symmetric pattern. For example, a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged symmetrically around the center of [0,2]. 

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? Maybe using a genetic algorithm where the chromosomes represent the positions and lengths of the intervals where h is 1. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time constraints might be challenging.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 100. Maybe trying a different n_points, like 200, could allow for a more precise optimization. However, with the time budget, it's a trade-off between precision and speed. 

Alternatively, using a smaller n_points but with more sophisticated optimization. For example, using n_points=50, which is faster, but maybe not as precise. However, the user prefers smaller sequences for speed, so maybe that's acceptable.

Wait, the user's previous code uses n_points=100. Let's think about the current best record of 0.38092. To beat that, we need to find a h that results in a lower C5. 

Perhaps the key is to find a h that has a more uniform distribution, avoiding peaks that could lead to high overlaps. For example, if h is a piecewise constant function with many small intervals, it might distribute the 1s more evenly, leading to lower overlaps when shifted.

Another thought: the cross-correlation for a shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x) h(x + k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) is 1, this becomes 1 - integral of h(x) h(x + k) dx. Therefore, the overlap integral is 1 - integral of h(x) h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x) h(x + k) dx over all k. 

So, the problem becomes finding h that maximizes the minimum of the cross-correlation integral for all shifts k. This is an interesting perspective. Maybe this formulation can help in designing the optimization.

But how to use this? Well, the previous code is trying to minimize the maximum of (1 - integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx), which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. 

But perhaps this formulation can guide the design of the optimization. For example, if we can ensure that the cross-correlation integrals are as large as possible for all shifts, then the maximum overlap integral would be minimized.

Another idea: using a function h that is as "spread out" as possible. For example, a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart, so that shifting it doesn't align with itself. 

But how to model this? Maybe using a function that has a certain periodicity or spacing between the 1s. 

Alternatively, considering that the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx is related to the autocorrelation of h. So, maximizing the minimum of this autocorrelation over all shifts k. 

This seems like a problem related to designing a function with low autocorrelation, which is similar to the concept in signal processing. For example, in communications, low autocorrelation sequences are desired to minimize interference. 

In that context, perhaps using a Barker sequence or similar sequences could be helpful. However, Barker sequences are for binary sequences with specific autocorrelation properties. But since our problem is over a continuous interval, maybe a similar approach can be adapted.

But how to translate this into a step function on [0,2] with integral 1?

Alternatively, maybe using a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced in a way that their shifts don't overlap much. For example, if the function is 1 on intervals of length L, spaced periodically. 

But the integral of h must be 1. So if the function is 1 on m intervals of length L, then m*L = 1. The spacing between these intervals would affect the autocorrelation. 

However, this is getting a bit abstract. Let's think about how to implement this in code. 

The previous code uses a local optimizer with initial guesses. Perhaps the issue is that the initial guesses are not good enough, leading to local optima. To improve this, maybe using a different initial guess generation strategy. 

For example, instead of adding sinusoidal noise, maybe generating random initial guesses where h is 0 or 1 with certain probabilities, ensuring the integral constraint. But how to do that?

Alternatively, using a more structured initial guess, such as dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and setting h to 1 in some of them. For example, if we divide into 50 intervals, then set h to 1 in 50/2 = 25 intervals. But this would be a very simple initial guess, which might not be optimal. 

But perhaps combining this with the previous approach. For example, generating initial guesses by randomly selecting intervals to set h to 1, ensuring the integral constraint, and then perturbing them. 

Another idea: using a more sophisticated optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimizer like differential evolution (DE) could find better solutions. 

Differential evolution is a population-based optimization algorithm that can explore the search space more thoroughly. However, it might be slower than SLSQP. But given the time budget, perhaps it's manageable. 

Let me think about how to implement this. The DE algorithm would require a population of candidate solutions, and each solution is a vector of h values. The objective function is the maximum overlap integral. 

But with n_points=100, each solution has 100 variables. The DE algorithm might be feasible within the time budget. 

Alternatively, combining DE with SLSQP: use DE to generate diverse initial guesses, then use SLSQP to refine them. 

But how to implement this in the code. 

Another thought: the previous code uses 50 initial guesses. Maybe increasing that number could help, but with the time budget, it's a trade-off. 

Alternatively, using a different initial guess generation method. For example, instead of sinusoidal noise, using random perturbations that maintain the integral constraint. 

But how to generate such perturbations. For example, for each initial guess, generate a random permutation of the h values, then adjust to meet the integral constraint. 

Alternatively, using a more informed initial guess based on known solutions. For example, if there's a known good solution for C5, use that as the initial guess. 

But since the user mentions that the initial_h_values are available, perhaps starting from there is better. 

Another idea: the previous code uses the same initial guess for all optimizations, but with perturbations. Maybe trying different initial guesses, such as using a different initial construction, could help. 

Wait, the initial_h_values are provided. Maybe the current initial guess is already a good one, and adding noise to it could help find better solutions. 

But perhaps the previous code's approach of adding sinusoidal noise is not effective. Maybe using random noise or other patterns would be better. 

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated method to generate initial guesses. For example, using a genetic algorithm to evolve initial guesses. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time constraints might be challenging. 

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to minimize the maximum overlap while maintaining the integral constraint. 

But again, this is similar to what the previous code is doing. 

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code generates multiple initial guesses, each perturbed with sinusoidal noise, then runs SLSQP optimization on each. The best result is kept. 

To improve this, perhaps:

1. Use a different initial guess generation method that leads to more diverse initial solutions.
2. Use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, to explore the search space more thoroughly.
3. Increase the number of initial guesses or the number of iterations in the optimization.
4. Use a more efficient way to compute the objective function, perhaps by vectorizing operations.

Let me consider the first point. The previous code uses sinusoidal noise with varying frequency and amplitude. Maybe generating random noise with different patterns could lead to better initial guesses. For example, adding random walk noise, or using a different type of perturbation. 

Alternatively, generating initial guesses by randomly setting some of the h values to 0 or 1, ensuring the integral constraint. For example, for each initial guess, randomly select half of the points to be 1 and the other half to be 0, then adjust to meet the integral constraint. However, this would be a binary step function, which might not be optimal. 

But perhaps combining this with the previous approach. 

Another idea: the previous code uses the same initial guess for all optimizations, but with different perturbations. Maybe using a different initial guess, such as a random permutation of the initial_h_values, could lead to better results. 

Alternatively, using a different initial guess based on a known solution. For example, if there's a known good solution for C5, use that as the initial guess. 

But since the user hasn't provided such a solution, I have to rely on the initial_h_values. 

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 100. Maybe trying a different n_points, like 200, could allow for a more precise optimization. However, with the time budget, it's a trade-off. 

But given that the user prefers smaller sequences, perhaps sticking to n_points=100 is better. 

Now, considering the optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP with tight tolerances. Maybe using a different method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, could be more effective. 

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: use DE to generate initial guesses and then refine them with SLSQP. 

But how to implement this. 

Another idea: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. To make this easier for optimization, perhaps we can approximate the maximum by considering only a subset of shifts. For example, evaluating the cross-correlation at a few key shifts, such as k=0, k=1, k=0.5, etc. However, this could lead to suboptimal solutions. 

Alternatively, using a surrogate model to approximate the maximum value, which could be optimized more efficiently. 

But this might be complex to implement. 

Another approach: since the cross-correlation is computed for all shifts, perhaps the maximum occurs at specific shifts. For example, shifts that are multiples of the interval length. But I'm not sure. 

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs when the shift k aligns the 1s of h with the 0s of 1-h. So, perhaps the optimal h is designed to avoid such alignments. 

But how to translate this into an optimization problem. 

Perhaps the key is to ensure that the function h is as "spread out" as possible. For example, using a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart, so that shifting it doesn't align with itself. 

But again, how to implement this. 

Let me think about the code again. The previous code uses a loop over initial guesses, each perturbed with sinusoidal noise. Maybe the issue is that the sinusoidal noise isn't effective in exploring the search space. 

Instead of adding sinusoidal noise, perhaps generating initial guesses by randomly perturbing the initial_h_values with random noise, ensuring the integral constraint. For example, for each initial guess, take the initial_h_values, add random noise to each element, clip to [0,1], and scale to meet the integral constraint. 

This would generate more diverse initial guesses. 

Alternatively, using a combination of sinusoidal noise and random noise. 

Another idea: the previous code uses 50 initial guesses. Maybe increasing this number to 100 could help, but with the time budget, it might be too slow. 

Alternatively, using a smaller number of initial guesses but with more sophisticated perturbations. 

In terms of code changes, perhaps modifying the initial guess generation to use random noise instead of sinusoidal. 

Let me outline the steps for the new code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a base.
2. Generate multiple initial guesses by adding random noise to the initial_h_values, clipping to [0,1], and scaling to meet the integral constraint.
3. Use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, to optimize each initial guess.
4. Track the best solution found within the time budget.

But how to implement differential evolution in the code. 

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method but with more iterations and better settings. 

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (50). Maybe using a smaller number but with more diverse perturbations could be better. 

Alternatively, using a different initial guess generation method, such as using a random permutation of the initial_h_values. 

But I need to think about what would improve the previous code's performance. 

The previous code's best result was 0.381079, and the target is 0.380876. So, there's a small gap. To close this gap, perhaps the code needs to explore more diverse solutions. 

Another approach is to use a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the cross-correlation for all shifts and finding the maximum. 

But the current code already does this with np.correlate. 

Another idea: the previous code uses the same initial guess for all optimizations, but with different perturbations. Maybe using a different initial guess, such as a random binary step function, could lead to better results. 

For example, generate an initial guess where h is 1 on random intervals, ensuring the integral constraint. 

But how to generate such a guess. 

For instance, for n_points=100, the total integral is 1, so the sum of h must be 50. So, randomly select 50 points to be 1 and the rest 0. This would be a binary step function. 

But this might not be optimal, but it's a simple initial guess. 

However, this approach could be combined with the previous one. 

In the code, perhaps generating some initial guesses as binary step functions and others as perturbed versions of the initial_h_values. 

But how to implement this. 

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed n_points=100. Maybe trying a different n_points, like 200, could allow for a more precise optimization. However, with the time budget, it's a trade-off. 

But given that the user prefers smaller sequences, perhaps sticking to n_points=100 is better. 

So, considering all these thoughts, here's a plan for the new code:

- Use the initial_h_values as a base.
- Generate initial guesses by adding random noise to the initial_h_values, ensuring the integral constraint.
- Use a different optimization method, such as differential evolution, to optimize each initial guess.
- Track the best solution found within the time budget.

But implementing differential evolution might be complex. Alternatively, using the SLSQP method with more iterations and better settings. 

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: use DE to generate initial guesses and then refine them with SLSQP. 

But given time constraints, perhaps sticking to SLSQP but with more iterations and better initial guesses. 

Another idea: the previous code uses 50 initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses to 100, but with smaller perturbations. 

Alternatively, using a different type of perturbation, like random walk. 

In the code, the initial guess generation could be modified to use random noise instead of sinusoidal. 

So, modifying the code as follows:

- Instead of adding sinusoidal noise, generate random noise with a certain amplitude.
- For each initial guess, add random noise to the initial_h_values, clip to [0,1], and scale to meet the integral constraint.

This would generate more diverse initial guesses. 

Additionally, increasing the number of initial guesses could help, but with the time budget, it's a trade-off. 

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the cross-correlation for all shifts and finding the maximum. 

But the current code already does this with np.correlate. 

In terms of code changes, the main modifications would be in the initial guess generation and possibly the optimization method. 

So, here's a plan for the new code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the base.
2. Generate initial guesses by adding random noise to the initial_h_values, ensuring the integral constraint.
3. Use the SLSQP optimizer with tighter tolerances and more iterations.
4. Track the best solution found within the time budget.

Let me think about implementing this. 

The previous code uses sinusoidal noise with varying frequency and amplitude. Replacing that with random noise would be simpler. 

For example, for each initial guess:

noise_amp = np.random.uniform(0.001, 0.05)
noise = noise_amp * np.random.randn(n_points)
perturbed = initial_guess + noise
perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
scale_factor = (n_points / 2) / np.sum(perturbed)
perturbed *= scale_factor

This would add random noise to the initial guess. 

But this could lead to more diverse initial guesses. 

Alternatively, using a combination of random noise and sinusoidal noise. 

Another idea: use a different initial guess generation method, such as using a random binary step function. 

For example, generate a binary step function where h is 1 on random intervals, ensuring the integral constraint. 

But how to generate this. 

For n_points=100, the sum of h must be 50. So, randomly select 50 indices to be 1 and the rest 0. 

This would be a simple initial guess. 

But this could be combined with the previous approach. 

In the code, perhaps generating some initial guesses as binary step functions and others as perturbed versions of the initial_h_values. 

However, implementing this would require additional code. 

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the initial guess generation to use random noise instead of sinusoidal, and increase the number of initial guesses. 

So, modifying the code as follows:

- Replace the sinusoidal noise with random noise.
- Increase the number of initial guesses to, say, 100.
- Use the SLSQP optimizer with more iterations.

But with the time budget of 100 seconds, this might be feasible. 

Another possible optimization is to reduce the number of initial guesses and focus on more effective perturbations. 

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients. 

But I'm not sure. 

In conclusion, the plan is to generate more diverse initial guesses using random noise, use the SLSQP optimizer with tighter settings, and track the best solution found within the time budget. 

Now, translating this into code. 

The previous code has a section where it generates initial guesses with sinusoidal noise. Replacing that with random noise would be the main change. 

Also, perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses from 50 to 100, but with the time budget, it might be too slow. 

Alternatively, keeping the number of initial guesses at 50 but using random noise. 

So, the code would look something like this:

In the initial_guesses loop:

for _ in range(num_initial_guesses):
    noise_amp = np.random.uniform(0.001, 0.05)
    noise = noise_amp * np.random.randn(n_points)
    perturbed = initial_guess + noise
    perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
    scale_factor = (n_points / 2) / np.sum(perturbed)
    perturbed *= scale_factor
    initial_guesses.append(perturbed)

This would generate initial guesses with random noise. 

Additionally, perhaps using a different initial guess, like the binary step function. 

But given the time, I'll proceed with this change. 

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method in scipy.optimize.minimize, which is a bounded optimization method. 

But the previous code uses SLSQP. 

Alternatively, using the 'COBYLA' method. 

But without knowing which method is better, it's hard to say. 

In any case, the main change is to the initial guess generation. 

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate, which might be slow for large n_points. However, with n_points=100, it's manageable. 

So, the final code would be similar to the previous one, but with random noise instead of sinusoidal, and possibly more initial guesses. 

Now, putting it all together. 

The code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as the base.
- Generate initial guesses with random noise.
- Optimize each initial guess with SLSQP.
- Track the best solution found.

So, the final code would look like this.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 100  # Optimal balance between speed and precision
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    # Generate initial guess via interpolation
    x_initial = np.linspace(0, 2, len(initial_h_values))
    x_new = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
    initial_guess = np.interp(x_new, x_initial, initial_h_values)
    # Adjust sum to meet the constraint
    initial_guess = initial_guess / np.sum(initial_guess) * (n_points / 2)
    
    # Generate diverse initial guesses with random noise
    num_initial_guesses = 50  # Reduced number for efficiency
    initial_guesses = []
    for _ in range(num_initial_guesses):
        # Random noise with varying amplitude
        noise_amp = np.random.uniform(0.001, 0.05)
        noise = noise_amp * np.random.randn(n_points)
        # Perturb the initial guess
        perturbed = initial_guess + noise
        # Clip to [0, 1]
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        # Adjust sum to meet the constraint
        scale_factor = (n_points / 2) / np.sum(perturbed)
        perturbed *= scale_factor
        initial_guesses.append(perturbed)
    
    # Objective function
    def objective(h):
        one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
        corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    # Constraint function
    def constraint(h):
        return np.sum(h) - n_points / 2
    
    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = None
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Run optimizations for each initial guess with tighter tolerances
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Run optimization
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            guess,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint},
            options={'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 1000}  # Reduced iterations for efficiency
        )
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    # If no optimization was done, use the initial guess
    if best_h is None:
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            initial_guess,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint},
            options={'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 1000}
        )
        best_c5 = result.fun
        best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```