<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a seed-based random perturbation approach with SLSQP optimization, but it only achieved a C₅ of about 0.381003, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876.

First, I need to think about how to approach this. The main idea is to find a better step function h that minimizes the overlap integral. The current code uses a uniform approach with n_points=70, but maybe increasing the number of points could lead to a better solution, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, the previous code used 70 points and maybe that's not optimal. But the user's strategy suggests using different basis representations and convex relaxations, which isn't directly implemented in the previous code.

Wait, the previous code uses a random perturbation method with SLSQP. That's a local optimization method, so it might get stuck in local minima. The new strategy suggests using multiple basis representations (like Fourier or histogram) and convex relaxations. But implementing that might be complex, especially considering the time constraints.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization algorithm that can better navigate the search space. For example, genetic algorithms or simulated annealing could be more exploratory. However, those are computationally expensive and might not fit within the 1100 seconds budget.

Another angle: the objective function is the max over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)). Since the integral is computed using convolution, maybe there's a way to model this with a different formulation. For example, using the fact that the maximum over k is equivalent to the maximum of the cross-correlation, which might be approached via different optimization techniques.

The previous code starts with a uniform initial guess, but maybe initializing with a better guess could help. The user mentioned that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So perhaps the initial construction provided is better than a uniform one.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given, which is a starting point. The user's code seems to use a random perturbation around that initial guess. Maybe the current approach isn't exploiting the structure of the initial guess enough. Let's think about the structure of h. The function h is a step function, so it's a binary function (but the code allows for values between 0 and 1). However, the exact optimal solution might involve a more structured arrangement, like a piecewise constant function with specific breakpoints.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a "noisy" function that doesn't overlap too much with its shifted version. So, maybe arranging the function h to have high values in regions that don't overlap with their shifted versions. For example, a periodic pattern that alternates between high and low values, spaced such that shifting by k positions doesn't align the high and low regions.

But how to model this? For instance, if h is a periodic function with period greater than 2, but since the domain is [0, 2], maybe something like a square wave but with specific phase shifts. However, the exact shape would need to be optimized.

Alternatively, using a more systematic approach with basis functions. The user's strategy mentioned using Fourier series. So, maybe representing h as a Fourier series and optimizing the coefficients. However, Fourier series might not be the best fit for this problem, as the function is piecewise constant in the discrete case.

Wait, the problem is defined on a discrete grid, so maybe using a histogram-based approach, where the function h is a histogram with different bin heights. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into several bins and assigning h values to each bin. This would make the function piecewise constant, which might be easier to optimize.

So, perhaps the approach is to divide the interval into m bins and assign h values to each bin, such that the sum of h values times dx equals 1. Then, optimize the h values to minimize the overlap integral. The number of bins m can vary, but with m bins, the total number of points is 2*m (since the interval is 2 units long). For example, if we have m=10 bins, then n_points=20. But the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. However, the previous code used 70 points, but perhaps using fewer points with more structure could be better.

But how to balance the number of points. Let's think about the current code. It uses n_points=70, which is 35 pairs. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a more detailed function, but that's not necessarily better. Alternatively, using a structured approach with fewer points.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model this as a bilevel optimization problem, where we minimize over h the maximum of the overlap integrals. However, solving such a problem is computationally challenging.

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of the integral. The overlap integral for a given shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The maximum of these over all k is what we want to minimize. Since x + k is in [0,2], the shift k can be up to 2. So, the maximum k is 2. However, in the code, the convolution is computed over the full mode, which would give the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. 

Maybe we can use the fact that the maximum occurs at certain shifts. For example, the maximum occurs when the shift k is such that the overlap between h and its shifted version is maximized. To minimize this, the function h should be designed such that for any shift k, the overlap is as small as possible.

One possible way to design h is to make it as "spread out" as possible. For example, if h is a uniform distribution over certain intervals that don't overlap when shifted. For example, a two-part function where h is 1 on [0,1] and 0 on [1,2], but that would have overlaps when shifted. Wait, but shifting by 0.5 would cause the overlap between [0,1] and [0.5,1.5], which is [0.5,1.0], so area is 0.5. But perhaps a better structure is needed.

Alternatively, using a staggered approach. For example, design h to have high values in regions that are spaced apart by a certain distance. For example, in a piecewise constant function where h alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that shifts don't align the high regions.

But how to formalize this? Maybe using a more mathematical approach. Let's think of the function h as a set of pieces. The key is that for any shift k, the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k must be small. 

Another thought: since the integral is over x, we can think of this as a convolution. The maximum value of the convolution between h and (1 - h) is the quantity we want to minimize. So, the problem reduces to finding a h that makes this convolution as small as possible.

In signal processing terms, this is similar to designing a filter with minimal autocorrelation. The optimal filter would be one that has low cross-correlation with itself shifted by various amounts. So, perhaps using techniques from orthogonal signal design, like using orthogonal functions or minimizing the autocorrelation.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem. Perhaps using a genetic algorithm to evolve better h functions, but given the time constraints, that might be too slow.

Alternatively, consider using a gradient-based optimization with better initial points. The previous code uses a random perturbation, but perhaps starting with the initial_h_values and then performing a more structured optimization.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided. The code in the previous example uses that as an initial guess. Maybe the initial construction is already good, but the optimization is not efficient enough. Let's think about the code structure.

The previous code initializes h as the initial_values, then for each iteration, it perturbs the initial h with a normal distribution, clips it, ensures the sum is correct, then performs SLSQP optimization. But maybe this approach is focusing too much on perturbing around the initial guess and not exploring other regions effectively.

An alternative approach is to use a more global optimization strategy. For example, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) or a Bayesian optimization approach, which can explore the search space more effectively. However, implementing such algorithms might be complex and time-consuming.

Another idea is to use a different optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimizer like differential evolution (DE) could find a better minimum, even if it's slower. However, DE might take more time and could exceed the budget.

Alternatively, try to use a different basis for the function h. For example, represent h in terms of Fourier coefficients and optimize those. But Fourier series might not be the best fit for the discrete case.

Alternatively, consider using a histogram-based approach. For instance, divide the interval into m bins, assign h values to each bin such that the sum is 1. Then, optimize these values. The number of bins m can be adjusted, and for each bin, the h value is a scalar between 0 and 1.

But how to model this. Let's say we have m bins. The interval [0,2] is divided into m equal parts, each of width dx = 2/m. The h value for each bin is the same for all x in that bin. Then, the total integral is sum(h_i * dx) = 1. The problem becomes optimizing the h_i values to minimize the max overlap integral.

But the overlap integral for a shift k would involve overlapping regions between bin i and bin (i + k) mod m. However, since the function is defined on a finite interval, the shift k can be anything, but in the discrete case, the shifts would correspond to the positions of the bins.

This seems promising. For example, if we have m bins, the function h can be represented as a vector of m elements, each of which is the value of h in that bin. Then, the overlap for shift k is the sum over all bins of h_i * (1 - h_{(i + k) mod m}) multiplied by dx^2. Wait, the dx is 2/m, so the integral for each pair of bins i and j is h_i * (1 - h_j) * dx * dx * number of overlapping points? No, perhaps not. Wait, the overlap integral for shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. If we model h as a step function with bins, then the integral would be the sum over all bins of h_i * dx multiplied by the integral of (1 - h(x +k)) dx over that bin. However, this depends on how the shift k affects the overlapping between bins.

This might be quite complex to model, but perhaps for small m, it's manageable. For example, with m=10, the number of bins is 10, and the total number of points is 10 (each bin has 1 point?), which might not be right. Alternatively, perhaps using the same number of points as the previous code but structured into bins.

Alternatively, think of h as a function with certain high regions and low regions, ensuring that when shifted, the high regions don't overlap with the low regions. For example, if h is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, but normalized to integrate to 1.

But designing such a function would require balancing the areas where h is 1 and where it's 0. However, since the sum must be 1 (area), the function can't be too spread out. For example, if h is 1 over an interval of length L, then L * dx = 1, so L = 1/dx. So, if dx is small, L could be large, but with the interval [0,2], L can't exceed 2.

Wait, the sum of h_i * dx = 1. If the h_i are all between 0 and 1, then the sum of h_i must be equal to (n_points / 2), since dx is 2 / n_points. So, for example, if n_points is 70, then each h_i has to sum to 35.

So, if I use a structured approach, like having certain intervals where h is 1 and others where it's 0, then the sum would be the length of the intervals multiplied by 1. But with the integral over the entire [0,2] being 1, the total length of the regions where h is 1 would need to be 1. So for example, if I have two intervals of length 0.5 each, then the sum is 1.

But shifting by 1 would cause these intervals to overlap with themselves, which might not be desired. So the challenge is to arrange these intervals so that shifting by any k doesn't cause too much overlap.

Another idea: use a periodic function that repeats every certain interval. For example, a function that is 1 for a certain length and 0 for the rest, but arranged in a way that shifting doesn't align the regions. However, this again depends on the exact structure.

Alternatively, consider using a more sophisticated design with multiple regions. For instance, a function that has several peaks spaced apart, such that when shifted, the peaks don't overlap. This would require careful placement of the peaks.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem. Perhaps by parameterizing the positions and heights of these peaks, then optimizing them to minimize the overlap integral.

However, this seems complicated and might not be tractable for a code that has to run within 1100 seconds. So perhaps sticking with the previous approach but making some improvements.

Looking back at the previous code, the main issue could be the way the initial guesses are generated. By perturbing the initial guess and using SLSQP, it might not be exploring enough of the solution space. Also, the use of a fixed number of points (70) may not be optimal.

Wait, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe using fewer points could allow for a better solution. For example, trying n_points=50 or n_points=40, which would reduce the computational time. But it's possible that the initial construction with n_points=70 is better, so perhaps using that and optimizing it further.

Another idea: instead of using random perturbations every iteration, maybe use a more systematic approach, like using a grid search over certain parameters, or using a more efficient optimization algorithm that can handle the constraints better.

Alternatively, trying a different optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is a derivative-free method that might be better at avoiding local optima. Or using a combination of methods.

But I need to implement this in code that can run within the given time.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe the issue is that the random perturbation is not leading to a good exploration of the solution space. Perhaps using a better initial guess, like the initial_h_values, and then applying a more structured optimization.

Another point: the current code ensures that the sum of h is correct by scaling the perturbed h. This is important to maintain the constraint. But maybe there's a better way to handle the constraints, such as using a projection step after each optimization step.

Alternatively, consider using a Lagrangian multiplier method to handle the equality constraint. The current code uses the constraints with the 'eq' type in the minimize function, which should handle that correctly.

So, perhaps the main issue is the optimization method and the perturbation strategy. Instead of randomly perturbing the initial guess each time, maybe using a more systematic way, such as using the initial guess and performing a local search from there, with some steps that explore different regions.

Another possibility is to use a multi-start approach with different initial points. For example, starting from the initial_h_values, and several other points generated by different perturbations, then performing optimization from each.

But with the time budget, it's important to manage the computational steps.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of several integrals, perhaps it's beneficial to consider each integral separately. For example, using a constraint that each integral is less than or equal to a certain value, and then minimizing that upper bound via a bisection method. This is a common approach in optimization, where you try to find the minimal upper bound by adjusting the bound and checking feasibility.

However, this would require solving a constrained optimization problem for each candidate upper bound, which might be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, using a heuristic approach to combine the different integrals. For example, trying to equally distribute the contributions from each shift.

But again, without knowing the structure of the optimal solution, it's hard to proceed.

Looking back at the problem, the user wants a code that returns the best solution found within the time budget. Given the previous code, perhaps the key optimizations would be:

1. Use a better initial guess, like the initial_h_values if available.
2. Use a more efficient optimization method that can handle the problem better.
3. Use a different perturbation strategy that explores the solution space more effectively.
4. Possibly adjust the number of points n_points, if possible, to find a better solution.

The current code uses n_points=70, but maybe trying with fewer points could be better, but the user prefers smaller sequences. Alternatively, perhaps increasing the number of points could allow for a more precise function, but the time budget may not allow for that.

Another approach is to use the initial_h_values as the starting point and then applying a more focused optimization. For instance, perform a grid search over certain parameters that influence the overlap integral, and use that to guide the optimization.

In the previous code, each iteration generates a new perturbed h and then runs SLSQP. However, this could be time-consuming. Perhaps we could reduce the number of iterations and focus on a few perturbations, or use a more efficient solver.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with 100 iterations per optimization. Maybe reducing the number of iterations per optimization step and increasing the number of perturbations could be more efficient. Or using a different solver that converges faster.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization library. For example, using the COBYLA method instead of SLSQP, which might be more suitable for this problem.

But I need to implement this in code that can be run within the given time.

Let's think about the previous code's structure. It uses a loop over a certain number of iterations, generating perturbed points and optimizing them. To improve this, perhaps:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Use a different optimization method that can better handle the non-convexity.
3. Use a local search around the initial guess, rather than random perturbations.
4. Use a more effective way to explore the solution space, such as using a gradient-based method with a better initialization.

Alternatively, maybe using a different representation of h. For example, instead of treating it as a continuous variable, partition the domain into intervals where h is a certain value, and then optimize the positions and widths of these intervals.

But again, this is complex to code within the time.

Considering the previous code's approach, perhaps the key is to refine the initial guess and the optimization steps. For example, using a better initial guess and more effective optimization steps.

Another idea: the current code uses random perturbations, but maybe using a more structured perturbation. For example, applying a small shift to the positions of the high and low regions in the initial guess. Or using a gradient-based method to find the direction of improvement.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first perform a coarse optimization with random perturbations to escape local minima, then refine the solution with a more precise optimization method.

But I need to translate this into code. Given the time constraints, I'll try to adjust the previous code's approach by:

- Starting from the initial_h_values.
- Using a more efficient optimization method.
- Reducing the number of iterations but with better perturbations.

Alternatively, switch to using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and equality constraints, and may converge faster for this problem.

Another possible adjustment is to increase the number of points (n_points) to allow for a more precise optimization. For example, n_points=100, but since the user prefers smaller sequences, maybe that's not ideal.

Wait, the user's previous code used 70 points. Let's try to see if increasing the points to, say, 100 would allow for better solutions, but the time budget might allow for that. However, if the previous code with 70 points is already within the time, increasing points may take more time. For example, with 100 points, each optimization step would require more computation, but maybe the convergence is better.

But I'm not sure. Let's think about the code again. The previous code has a loop for max_iter (say, 500 iterations), each of which runs an optimization that takes some time. If the optimization is fast enough, this could be feasible.

Alternatively, the previous code uses a loop where each iteration does a perturbation and optimization. Maybe making this loop run fewer iterations but with more intensive optimizations. For example, instead of doing 500 iterations with small perturbations, do 100 iterations with larger perturbations.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the initial guess every time, maybe use the best solution found so far as the starting point for the next iteration, which is a common practice in optimization called "warm-starting". This would allow the optimization to build on previous solutions rather than randomly perturbing each time.

So, in the previous code, after each optimization step, the initial_h is updated to the result.x. This is a form of warm-starting. Maybe accelerating this process by using better perturbation strategies.

Alternatively, using a better optimizer. For example, using the BFGS method which is a quasi-Newton method. However, BFGS may not handle constraints as well as SLSQP.

Wait, the current code uses the SLSQP method, which handles both equality and inequality constraints. So, this is appropriate. Perhaps the issue is that the perturbations are not effective in exploring the solution space.

To improve the exploration, maybe use a different way to generate perturbations. For example, instead of adding a normal distribution to the initial guess, use a small random step in certain regions of the h array, or perform a gradient-based perturbation.

Alternatively, use a more systematic approach, such as using a grid search over certain parameters that influence the overlap integral. For example, if the optimal function has a certain pattern, like periodicity or symmetry, then enforcing those constraints could guide the optimization.

Given the time constraints, I think the best approach is to refine the existing code by:

1. Using the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Applying more effective perturbations to explore the solution space.
3. Using a more efficient optimization method.
4. Reducing the number of iterations to save time.
5. Ensuring the best solution is tracked and returned.

But how to implement this. Let's think about the previous code's structure. Here are some possible changes:

- Use the initial_h_values directly as the starting point, and don't randomly perturb it in each iteration. Instead, perform a few iterations of optimization from that starting point.
- Or, use the initial_h_values and perform a local search from there, using a different optimization method.
- Or, use a more efficient approach like using a model-based optimization, where the model is a simple linear approximation of the objective function.

Alternatively, try using a different initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values may be better than a uniform one, so using it directly and optimizing from there might yield better results.

Another thought: the previous code uses 70 points, which may not be sufficient. Perhaps trying with a different number of points, like 100, but that would require more computation. However, since the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred, maybe 70 is acceptable.

Another possible optimization: instead of perturbing the initial guess each time, focus on optimizing from the best solution found so far. This way, each iteration builds on previous results, potentially leading to better convergence.

In summary, the plan is to modify the existing code by:

1. Using the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Adjusting the perturbation strategy to focus on exploring around the best solution found.
3. Using a more robust optimization method, such as BFGS with bounds.
4. Reducing the number of iterations to save time.
5. Ensuring that the best solution is tracked.

But I need to implement this in code. The previous code seeds the random number generator, which may not be optimal. Maybe using the initial_h_values without any random perturbation and performing a single optimization step.

Alternatively, use a multi-start approach with several initial guesses, but this may take more time.

Considering the current time budget, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to:

- Use the initial_h_values directly as the starting point.
- Perform a single optimization step with a more effective method, such as SLSQP with tighter constraints.
- Adjust the number of iterations and the perturbation strategy to find a better solution.

But to do this, the code would need to be adjusted. For example, remove the random perturbations and just optimize from the initial guess. However, this might not explore the solution space sufficiently.

Alternatively, use a few perturbations around the initial guess and optimize from those.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values and perform a series of optimizations with different perturbations, such as small random steps, to find the best solution.

But how to implement this efficiently. Let's outline the code changes:

- The previous code uses a loop for max_iter, where each iteration randomly perturbs the initial guess and runs SLSQP. Maybe instead of doing this for each iteration, we could run SLSQP directly from the initial guess with a nearby perturbation.

However, without multiple iterations, this might not find the global minimum.

Given the time, perhaps the code can be modified to focus on the initial guess and perform a more intensive optimization from there, possibly using a different method or adjusting the parameters.

For example, the code could run SLSQP with the initial_h_values as the starting point, and perform a certain number of iterations with higher convergence tolerances.

Alternatively, use a more efficient method like the L-BFGS-B algorithm, which is designed for bound-constrained problems, which this one is.

Another possible improvement is to use the initial_h_values and not perturb it, but run the SLSQP optimization from there. This would save time and focus on improving that initial guess.

But what if the initial_h_values is already near a good solution, and perturbing it could lead to better solutions? Maybe the previous code's random perturbation is necessary to escape local minima.

In any case, the previous code's approach is to use a series of perturbations and optimize, but perhaps the number of iterations is too low.

To improve this, maybe increasing the number of iterations, but considering that the budget is 1100 seconds, and each optimization step might take some time.

In the previous code, the loop runs for max_iter = int(budget_s * 0.5), which for 1100 seconds would be 550 iterations. Then, each iteration runs an SLSQP optimization with options. This could be time-consuming.

To make it faster, perhaps reducing the number of iterations and using a more efficient optimization method.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, such as using the COBYLA method, which is designed for problems with bounds and constraints.

Another takeaway is that the current code may not be finding the optimal solution because the initial guess is not good enough. The initial_h_values could potentially be a better starting point, so focusing on optimization from that point might yield better results.

In conclusion, here's a plan for the new code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Run the optimization from there with a more effective method (e.g., COBYLA or L-BFGS-B).
3. Use a more efficient loop that performs fewer iterations but with better optimization.
4. Ensure that the number of iterations is sufficient to find a good solution within the budget.

However, how to implement this in code. Let me try to draft the code based on these ideas.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
from scipy.optimize import Bounds

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 70
    ones_count = n_points // 2
    if 'initial_h_values' in globals():
        initial_h = initial_h_values.copy()
    else:
        initial_h = np.full(n_points, 0.5)
    
    def objective(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * (2.0 / n_points)
    
    def constraint_sum(h):
        return np.sum(h) - ones_count
    
    bounds = Bounds(0.0, 1.0)
    best_h = initial_h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(initial_h)
    time_used = 0
    max_iter = int(budget_s * 0.7)
    
    for iter in range(max_iter):
        # Perturb around current best
        h_perturbed = best_h.copy()
        h_perturbed += np.random.normal(0, 0.05, n_points)
        h_perturbed = np.clip(h_perturbed, 0.0, 1.0)
        h_perturbed = h_perturbed * (ones_count / np.sum(h_perturbed))
        
        result = minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=h_perturbed,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum},
            options={'maxiter': 50, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
            
        time_used += 1
        if time_used >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```