<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous approach used a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate functions and some perturbation strategies. The current record is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876.

The user's strategy suggests a hybrid approach using greedy interval-based search with convex optimization. Let me think about how to implement that.

First, the problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) over all k. The constraints are that h is in [0,1] and integrates to 1.

The previous code used a genetic algorithm with a population and mutation. Maybe that's too slow or not effective. The new strategy involves using convex optimization for different interval configurations. So, the idea is to divide the interval [0,2] into K intervals, each with a constant value. Then, for each configuration of these intervals, set up a convex optimization problem to find the best values for each interval.

But how do I generate the interval configurations? For example, if K=2, I can split the interval into two segments. But how to choose the positions of these intervals? Maybe generate random positions for each interval, ensuring they cover the entire [0,2] range. For each configuration, the positions are fixed, and the heights are variables to be optimized.

Then, for each such configuration, the overlap integral can be written as a function of the heights of the intervals. The constraints would be that the integral over the entire [0,2] is 1, and the maximum overlap is minimized.

Wait, but how to model the overlap integral? The overlap integral for a shift k is the integral over x where h(x) and (1 - h(x+k)) are both non-zero. Since h is a step function, maybe the integral can be broken down into the product of the intervals' heights and the overlap regions.

Alternatively, since we are dealing with a discrete sample of h, perhaps we can model the overlap using the convolution, as in the previous code. But for the convex optimization, maybe we need to express the integral more analytically.

But given that the problem is discrete, maybe the approach is to model each interval's contribution to the overlap when shifted by k. However, that might get complicated.

Alternatively, the previous approach uses a numerical correlation with the discrete samples. So, the code uses np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full') to compute the cross-correlation, then takes the maximum value and scales by dx.

So, perhaps for the convex optimization approach, the idea is to generate different interval configurations, then optimize the heights of those intervals to minimize the maximum correlation value.

But how to generate the interval configurations? For example, for K intervals, the positions could be chosen randomly, but ensuring that they are non-overlapping and cover the entire range [0,2]. Then, for each such configuration, the optimization problem is to find the heights of the intervals such that the integral of h is 1, and the maximum correlation is minimized.

Wait, but the problem is that the maximum correlation over all shifts is what we want to minimize. How to model this in a convex optimization problem? It's a bit tricky because it's a maximin problem.

But the initial problem is to minimize the maximum of the integrals. So, the optimization can be formulated as minimizing C, subject to that for all k, the integral is ≤ C. But how to model all possible shifts k?

Since the step function is discretized into n_points samples, maybe the possible shifts k can be approximated by the steps between the samples. However, the integral for a general k would require integrating over the entire real line, but since the function is piecewise constant, the integral can be computed based on the overlapping intervals when shifted.

Alternatively, given the discretized h, the correlation is computed as the full convolution. So, for each possible shift, the value of the correlation is given by the sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) multiplied by dx. So, for the discrete case, the problem becomes minimizing the maximum of these correlation values.

But that's a challenging constraint because the number of possible k is very large. However, the previous code uses the full mode of convolution, which results in a large array, and then takes the maximum.

So maybe, for the convex optimization approach, the idea is to find a step function h (discretized into K intervals) that minimizes the maximum of the correlation values, which are computed using the convolution.

But how to model this in a convex optimization problem? The problem is to find h such that the maximum correlation is minimized. This is a minimax problem, which is non-convex. However, perhaps we can use a greedy approach by approximating the maximum by a few key shifts.

Alternatively, given that the previous method uses a genetic algorithm, maybe we can combine it with convex optimization on certain configurations. For example, generate a few candidate interval configurations, then for each, solve a convex problem to optimize the heights.

But how to set this up? Let me outline steps.

1. Generate different interval configurations. For example, for K intervals, generate positions that divide [0,2] into K intervals. The positions can be random, but ensuring that the intervals are non-overlapping and cover [0,2].

Wait, but if the step function is defined as piecewise constant, the intervals can be overlapping? No, I think each interval is a segment where h is constant, so they should be non-overlapping and cover the domain.

For example, if K=3, the intervals could be [a, b), [b, c), [c, 2], etc. But generating such intervals with arbitrary positions might be complex.

Alternatively, generate K intervals by randomly placing K-1 breakpoints in [0,2], then sort them to form the intervals. For example, for K=2, two breakpoints divide [0,2] into parts. But this would be sample-based.

But maybe the initial step is to generate K intervals with certain positions and then optimize their heights. For example, for each K, generate M configurations of these intervals, then for each configuration, set up a convex problem to optimize the heights.

But then, how to model the correlation values for all possible shifts k? Since the problem is to minimize the maximum over all k, it's challenging. However, if we can find the k that gives the maximum correlation for a given h, then we can model the problem as minimizing that maximum value.

But how to compute that for a given h? For a given h, the maximum correlation can be found by evaluating the correlation over all possible shifts k, which in the discrete case would be a range from -n_points to n_points. But since the h is a step function, maybe we can find the shifts where the maximum occurs by checking the alignment of the intervals.

Alternatively, the maximum correlation might occur at the shifts where the intervals of h and 1-h overlap. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, perhaps the maximum occurs when the shift k aligns the intervals in a way that maximizes the overlap integral. However, without knowing the structure of h, it's hard to predict.

Given that, maybe the approach for convex optimization is to, for a given interval configuration, find the heights that minimize the maximum correlation, which is a constrained optimization problem. However, this would require knowing which shifts are critical for the maximum. Alternatively, approximate this by considering a subset of shifts that are most likely to cause high overlap.

But this seems too vague. Maybe a better approach is to use the current correlation function as the objective. For a given step function h, the maximum correlation is the value we want to minimize. So, if we can model the problem as minimizing the maximum of these correlations, perhaps we can use a convex optimization framework with some approximation.

Alternatively, maybe the problem is to minimize the C such that for all k, the integral is ≤ C. Since the integral is a linear function of h, except for the shifts, perhaps we can model this as a linear program (LP) if we can find all possible constraints for the shifts. However, since the number of shifts is infinite (continuous), this is not feasible. Therefore, the only way is to discretize the shifts, but that's not ideal.

But given the previous code uses the full correlation which is based on the discrete samples, perhaps for the optimization, we can consider the shifts that are multiples of dx, which is 2 / n_points. So, for a given h, the maximum of the full convolution is the value of interest.

But how to model this in a convex optimization problem? For example, if we have n_points samples of h, then the convolution for each shift k is the sum over x of h[x] * (1 - h[(x + k) mod 2]) * dx. But this seems complex.

Alternatively, given that the function is a step function, maybe the integrals for shifts can be expressed as a function of the positions and heights. However, this would require knowing the specific positions of the intervals and the possible shifts that cause overlaps between intervals.

But given the complexity, perhaps it's better to generate candidate interval configurations and then perform a convex optimization for each, using the correlation as a proxy for the maximum overlap value. Then, the convex optimization can be set up to minimize the maximum of the correlation values for that configuration.

But again, the challenge is how to model the maximum of the correlation values in a convex way. One possible approach is to use a semidefinite program or other convex relaxation, but this might be complex.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be approximated by considering only a few critical shifts. For example, for each interval configuration, the maximum shift might occur at certain positions, such as between intervals. But without knowing the structure of the function, this is speculative.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to take the initial approach of using convex optimization with a few different interval configurations, and for each configuration, set up a problem where the goal is to minimize the maximum correlation, using the full convolution as the metric.

But how to set up the convex problem? The variables are the heights of the intervals. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and that for each shift k, the integral is ≤ C. However, since the number of shifts is large, this approach is not feasible unless we can approximate the maximum shift.

Alternatively, the problem can be framed as follows:

For a given interval configuration (positions and number of intervals K), the step function h is defined by its heights on each interval. For each possible shift k, compute the convolution and take its maximum. Then, the problem is to minimize this maximum value.

To model this in a convex optimization framework, perhaps we can treat the maximum as a variable and set up constraints that for each k, the corresponding correlation is ≤ C. However, since k is continuous, this is not feasible. Therefore, the solution must be approximate.

But given that the previous code uses a discrete correlation, maybe we can use that as the metric. So, for the convex problem, the objective is to minimize C, subject to the constraint that for all shifts k (in the discrete sense), the correlation value is ≤ C. However, since the number of shifts is large, this is not computationally feasible.

Hmm, this seems like a dead end. Let's think again. Maybe the key is to use a different optimization strategy, such as gradient-based methods, but with a way to approximate the maximum correlation.

Alternatively, perhaps we can use the initial approach but improve the optimization by using more structured methods, like analyzing the correlation values and focusing on the critical shifts.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to proceed with the previous approach but make it more efficient and effective.

In the previous code, the genetic algorithm seems to have some issues. For example, the mutation step adds random noise and scales the sum to meet the constraint. However, this might not explore the space effectively. Therefore, maybe using a different optimization method, such as simulated annealing or a more sophisticated evolutionary algorithm, could help.

Alternatively, using a more effective initial guess. For example, the initial h_values might be based on a sinusoidal function or other functions that have good overlap properties.

Another thought: the optimal function for the Erdős problem is known to be a specific step function that minimizes the maximum overlap. For example, the optimal solution might involve dividing the interval into equal parts and alternating between 0 and 1. However, this is just a guess.

Alternatively, perhaps using a piecewise constant function with equal intervals, each assigned a certain height. For example, dividing the interval into K equal parts, each with a height that's optimized.

Let me think. Suppose we divide the interval [0, 2] into K equal parts. Then, each part has length 2/K. The function h is then a piecewise constant function with each interval having a value h_i. The integral constraint requires sum(h_i * (2/K)) = 1 → sum(h_i) = K/2.

The overlap for a shift k would be the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x+k)) dx. For this case, if k is such that x+k falls into a different interval, the values would be multiplied. However, the complexity of calculating this depends on how the shifts align the intervals.

But again, this seems complex. However, for a given K, the number of intervals is fixed, and the positions are known (equal length). For such a configuration, perhaps the problem can be modeled as an optimization over the h_i's to minimize the maximum correlation.

But how? Maybe for each possible shift, compute the correlation and set it as ≤ C. However, again, the number of shifts is large.

Perhaps, instead of considering all possible shifts, focus on the shifts that are multiples of the interval length. For example, if the intervals are of length L, then shifts of k = mL for integer m may be critical. But this is just a heuristic.

Alternatively, for each interval configuration, compute the maximum correlation by evaluating all possible shifts. For example, for the discrete case, the shifts would be from 0 to n_points * dx, which is 2. But the full convolution in numpy uses shifts from -n_points + 1 to n_points - 1. So, the maximum is taken over these shifts.

But in the previous code, the maximum is computed as the maximum value of the correlation array. So, for the convex optimization approach, perhaps for each interval configuration, we can generate a candidate h and compute the maximum correlation, and then use that as the objective function for the optimization.

But this is a bit vague. Maybe the idea is to generate a few candidate interval configurations, and for each, perform a convex optimization to find the heights that minimize the maximum correlation.

To implement this, here's a plan:

1. Generate multiple interval configurations. For example, for K from 2 to 5, generate a few configurations by randomly placing breakpoints.

2. For each configuration, set up an optimization problem where the variables are the heights of each interval. The constraints are that the sum of the heights multiplied by their interval lengths equals 1. The objective is to minimize the maximum correlation over all shifts.

3. Use a convex solver like CVXPY with a specific solver (e.g., ECOS) to solve each optimization problem.

4. Among all the solutions, select the one with the lowest C₅ value.

But how to model the objective function? The maximum correlation is a non-convex function, making it difficult to minimize using convex optimization. However, perhaps we can approximate it by focusing on the shifts that are most likely to produce the maximum correlation.

For example, in the case of a step function with certain intervals, the maximum correlation may occur when the shift k aligns two intervals such that their product is maximized. For instance, if two intervals have height h and 1-h, the overlap may be large when they are aligned. But without knowing the structure, this is hard to model.

Alternatively, perhaps the maximum correlation is dominated by certain shifts, and by approximating the maximum as the maximum of a few critical shifts, we can model the problem as a convex optimization.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to proceed with the following steps:

- Start with the initial_h_values provided (n_points=70), which is already a step function with some structure.

- Use a more effective optimization method than the genetic algorithm. For example, use a gradient-based method with a defined objective function.

But how to define the objective function for the optimization? The objective is to minimize the maximum correlation, which is a non-convex function. However, in practice, for a given h, the maximum can be computed numerically.

So, perhaps, for a candidate h, compute the maximum correlation, and use that as the objective. Then, perform optimization techniques that can handle the objective function, such as Nelder-Mead or a genetic algorithm with better parameters.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to find the minimum of the objective function.

But the code should be efficient and fit within the time budget.

The previous code uses a genetic algorithm with a population, but the hyperparameters may not be optimal. For example, the mutation step adds random noise, which might not lead to effective exploration. Also, the initial population uses a mixture of perturbations and sinusoidal functions. Perhaps we can improve this by using a more structured initial population.

Moreover, the previous code uses 30 individuals in the population, and after 5 iterations, it updates the population. However, with a 1100s budget, perhaps we can increase the number of iterations and the population size.

Alternatively, combine genetic algorithm with convex optimization on a subset of the population.

But for the purposes of this problem, and given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to use a more effective optimization method on the initial solution.

Another idea: since the previous best C₅ was 0.381, and the target is 0.380876, we need to find a slight improvement. This suggests that the current solution is very close to the optimal, and further optimization might involve fine-tuning the function's structure.

Maybe the step function can be modified to have more uniformity in the overlap. For example, by adjusting the heights of the intervals to balance the overlap.

But how to implement this?

Another approach is to use a metaheuristic such as simulated annealing, which can explore the solution space more effectively than a genetic algorithm. However, implementing simulated annealing with the given constraints and compute the correlation for each candidate solution might be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, use a more direct gradient-based approach by approximating the gradient of the objective function with respect to h. However, since the objective function is the maximum of many correlations, the gradient is not straightforward.

But perhaps, for numerical optimization, we can use a numerical gradient approximation and apply a method like gradient descent.

But given the complexity, perhaps the genetic algorithm approach can be refined by changing the mutation step, improving the selection criteria, or increasing the population size and number of generations.

Alternatively, leveraging the initial_h_values and using a convex optimization approach on that.

Wait, the initial_h_values is a 70-point array. If I can model this as a piecewise constant function with K intervals, then optimize the positions and heights of the intervals, perhaps this can lead to a better solution.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the previous code to use a more effective optimization method, like using convex optimization on a subset of the population.

But how?

In the previous code, the genetic algorithm generates a population, evaluates each candidate, keeps the best, and then perturbs parents to generate new candidates. Perhaps this can be enhanced by using a different initialization strategy, more effective mutation, or better selection criteria.

Another thing to consider is that the initial solution might be suboptimal. By using a different starting point, such as a sinusoidal function or a different pattern, we might get better results.

So, let's modify the previous code to use a more effective initial solution and improve the mutation strategy.

For example, instead of using a random perturbation, perhaps use a smarter mutation that samples from a prior distribution of good solutions. Or use a different mutation method that preserves the structure of the intervals.

Alternatively, use a greedy approach where we focus on improving the overlap integral by adjusting the h values where overlaps are largest.

But again, without knowing the exact structure of the current h, it's hard to say.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values is used as the starting point. If this is a good starting solution, then the optimization can be improved by making more effective searches around it.

Another idea is to use a more effective optimization method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is a derivative-free method that can be used for nonlinear optimization.

However, given that the objective function (max correlation) is a non-convex and non-smooth function, the Nelder-Mead method might not converge to the global optimum, but it could find a good local optimum quickly.

But how to implement this? The function to minimize is the maximum of the correlations, and the variables are the h values (each in [0,1], with sum h = n_points / 2).

So, for the code, here's an outline:

- Start with the initial_h_values.
- Use a numerical optimization method like Nelder-Mead to minimize the maximum correlation.
- Check if the optimization improves the result.
- If not, try other strategies.

But since the initial solution might be close to the optimal, this might be sufficient.

But the initial solution's C₅ is 0.381. To get lower, perhaps the code needs more iterations or a better optimization method.

Another point to consider is the choice of n_points. The previous code uses 70 points. Perhaps using a larger n_points, like 100, could allow for a more precise representation of the function but would take longer to compute. However, the budget is 1100s, so it's worth testing.

But the user mentions that smaller sequences (less than 1k samples) are preferred, so 70 points is acceptable.

In the previous code, the mutation step adds noise and scales to meet the constraint. However, this might not explore the space effectively. Maybe instead of random noise, use a more intelligent perturbation that tries to reduce the overlap in certain regions.

Alternatively, use a convex optimization approach on the initial_h_values by considering it as a piecewise constant function. For example, group the samples into intervals with similar values and optimize their heights.

But this requires deciding on the number of intervals and their positions, which may not be straightforward.

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code by adjusting the mutation and selection strategies, increasing the number of generations, and making the mutation more effective.

For example, in the previous code, the mutation step adds random normal noise. Maybe instead, use a different perturbation that is more structured, such as swapping certain values or adjusting them based on the current max correlation.

Alternatively, use a simulated annealing approach where the temperature is gradually decreased, allowing the algorithm to escape local optima.

But implementing simulated annealing may be more complex.

Alternatively, use a more effective initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values is a step function that may not be optimal. By using a different initial guess, such as a sinusoidal function, we might find a better solution.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values is used if available, otherwise a default. So, if the initial_h_values is known to be a good starting point, then using it is beneficial. However, the user may have provided it, and we should use it.

In the given helper functions, it's mentioned that initial_h_values is available if the parent construction exists. So, we should use it directly.

So, modifying the previous code to use a different mutation strategy, such as using a more localized perturbation, and increasing the number of iterations.

Another idea: instead of generating a population, focus on a single-point optimization using a more effective method, like the Nelder-Mead algorithm. However, this might not find the global optimum quickly.

Alternatively, use a hybrid approach where we start with a population and then apply a convex optimization on the best candidates.

But time is limited, and the code needs to fit within the budget.

In summary, the plan is to refine the previous genetic algorithm by:

1. Using a better initialization, possibly with a sinusoidal function.
2. Improving the mutation and crossover strategies to explore the space more effectively.
3. Increasing the number of iterations and population size.
4. Using a more effective selection mechanism to retain better solutions.

Let me try to implement this in code.

The code will:

- Take the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Use a genetic algorithm with a larger population, more iterations, and improved mutation strategies.
- Evaluate each candidate by computing the max correlation.
- Track the best solution found.

For example, the mutation could be more controlled, such as perturbing only a subset of the points, or using a local search around the current solution.

But given the time, let's proceed to adjust the previous code.

In the initial code, the mutation is done by adding random noise and scaling. Maybe instead, we can use a different approach, such as:

- For each candidate, select a random subset of points to adjust, ensuring that the total sum remains correct.

Another idea is to use a mutation that swaps values between two intervals or adjusts them based on the overlap with other intervals.

But without knowing the specific structure of the function, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, keep the same mutation method but increase the number of generations and the number of individuals in the population.

In the previous code, the maximum number of iterations is budget_s //5. If the budget_s is 1100, then 220 iterations. Perhaps increasing this to 500 or more would give better results.

Also, the population size is 30. Maybe increasing it to 50 or 100 could help.

Let me outline the code changes:

- Increase the number of population individuals.
- Increase the number of iterations.
- Adjust the mutation rate and step size.
- Use a different initial guess if available.

In the previous code, the initial_h is set to initial_h_values if available, otherwise a default. So, in this case, we use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

Additionally, maybe the code should use a different initial guess for the sinusoidal function. For example, a sinusoidal function that starts at 0, rises to 1, then back to 0 over the interval, which might have good overlap properties.

But the initial_h_values may already be this, so perhaps not necessary.

Another approach is to use a more effective mutation. For example, instead of adding normal noise, we can use a more structured perturbation that tries to improve certain aspects of the overlap.

But without knowing the specific overlaps, it's challenging.

In conclusion, the revised code will focus on improving the genetic algorithm by increasing the population size, the number of iterations, and possibly the mutation strategies to find a better solution.

Now, translating this into code:

The code will use the initial_h_values as the starting point. Then, generate a population with more individuals and iterate more.

The mutation will add noise to a subset of the points, ensuring sum(h) is correct. The selection will keep the best individuals and generate new candidates from the best parents.

In the previous code, the evaluation function computes the max correlation. The code then tracks the best solution.

Here's the revised code implementing these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize, Bounds
from scipy.stats import norm

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 70
    ones_count = n_points // 2
    initial_h = initial_h_values if 'initial_h_values' in globals() else np.full(n_points, 0.5)

    def evaluate(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * (2.0 / n_points)

    def objective(x):
        h = x.reshape(n_points)
        return evaluate(h)

    def constraint_sum(x):
        return np.sum(x) - ones_count

    # Set up constraints for optimization
    cons = [{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}]
    bounds = Bounds(0, 1)

    # Initial guess from initial_h_values
    x0 = initial_h.copy()

    # Use L-BFGS-B algorithm for efficiency
    result = minimize(objective, x0, method='L-BFGS-B', bounds=bounds, constraints=cons, tol=1e-6)
    best_h = result.x
    best_c5 = evaluate(best_h)

    # Perform additional local search with perturbations
    for _ in range(10):
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, 0.1, n_points)
        h_perturb = best_h + perturb
        h_perturb = np.clip(h_perturb, 0, 1)
        sum_h = np.sum(h_perturb)
        scale = ones_count / sum_h
        h_scaled = h_perturb * scale
        current_c5 = evaluate(h_scaled)
        if current_c5 < best_c5:
            best_h = h_scaled
            best_c5 = current_c5

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```