<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of different initial guesses and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe I can find a better approach.

First, let's think about the problem. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since h is a step function, maybe there's a pattern or structure that can be leveraged, like using symmetry or periodicity.

The previous code tried several initial guesses, including pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. But maybe using a different structure could help. For example, maybe splitting the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 1 or 0 in a way that minimizes overlap.

Another thought: since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So perhaps h should be designed to have regions where it's high and low in a balanced way. Maybe using a grid that alternates high and low regions.

But how to model this? Maybe using a more structured initial guess, like a periodic function with certain parameters. For example, a square wave or a more complex waveform that can be adjusted.

Wait, the previous code had some functions like gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle. Maybe trying different waveforms with varying frequencies and duty cycles could be useful. However, the current code might have already tried these.

Alternatively, maybe using a more sophisticated optimization approach. The previous code used SLSQP for local optimization and differential evolution for global search. But perhaps combining different methods or adjusting the parameters could yield better results.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal h is such that the overlap with any shift k is as balanced as possible. So perhaps designing h to have overlapping regions minimized by spreading out the mass.

Wait, maybe using a ternary or more-level step function? For example, instead of just 0 and 1, maybe having more steps. But in the problem, h is a step function, but the samples are discrete. So the previous approach already uses discrete samples, so maybe the h_values are piecewise constant.

But the problem allows h to be any step function, so maybe the optimal solution has certain symmetry. For example, if h is symmetric around 1, then shifting by 1 might have some properties.

Alternatively, think about the Fourier transform. The overlap integral could be related to convolutions, so maybe using Fourier analysis to model the problem. But how to translate that into optimization?

Hmm, maybe not. Let's think about optimization strategies. The previous code uses a combination of initial guesses, SLSQP with constraints, and differential evolution. But maybe using more diverse initializations or better parameter tuning could help.

Another approach: The current code uses a fixed initial guess (initial_h_values). Maybe generating multiple initial guesses with different structures would help avoid local optima. For example, starting with different periodic functions, or random mutations.

Wait, the previous code tried generating pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Maybe adding more types, like a combination of different waveforms or more complex patterns.

Another idea: Maybe using genetic algorithms for the optimization. However, the code already uses differential evolution, which is similar to genetic algorithms. Perhaps tweaking the parameters of differential evolution, like population size, mutation rate, etc., to find better solutions.

But given the time constraints, maybe focusing on the existing methods but optimizing their parameters. For example, using more iterations in the differential evolution or adjusting the number of guesses.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP for local refinement. Maybe trying other methods like COBYLA or Nelder-Mead?

But the main challenge is the time budget. The code needs to run within 100 seconds. So maybe focusing on efficient methods that can explore the search space better.

Wait, perhaps the initial_h_values is a starting point. The user mentioned that the previous code starts from initial_h_values, which is provided. So maybe using that as a base, and exploring perturbations around it.

Another thought: the overlap integral for each shift k can be considered. The maximum over k is what we need to minimize. So perhaps the optimal h has a certain structure that makes all overlaps balanced. For example, if h is such that shifting by any k results in a similar overlap.

But how to model that? Maybe using symmetry in the design. For instance, if the function is periodic with period 1, but since the interval is [0,2], a period of 1 would make sense.

Wait, the previous code tried some periodic functions. Let me think: for example, a function that is 1 on [0, 0.5], 0.5 on [0.5, 1.0], and then repeats? Not sure.

Alternatively, maybe creating a function with multiple high and low regions that are spaced in a way that the overlap is minimized. For example, using a pattern that alternates between high and low values, but with some spacing to avoid overlaps when shifted.

Another possible approach: since the integral is 1, the average of h is 0.5. So perhaps the function h(x) is designed to be 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, but with intervals chosen to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, if h is 1 on intervals of length t, spaced so that shifting by k will not cause too much overlap.

But how to find such intervals? Let's think about overlapping intervals. If h is 1 on intervals of length t, and the spacing between them is s, then the total length is t + s. But since the integral over [0,2] is 1, we have (t / (t + s)) * (number of intervals) = 1. But this is getting complicated.

Alternatively, considering the Erdos problem, the optimal solution might have certain known properties. But since this is a research problem, perhaps the code needs to be optimized with better heuristic methods.

Wait, the current code uses a lot of guesses, but maybe some of them are redundant. For example, trying different frequencies and duty cycles for the same waveform. Maybe reducing the number of initial guesses while increasing their diversity.

Another idea: Since the previous code's best result is 0.381142, which is a bit higher than the target, maybe introducing more sophisticated optimization steps. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the parameter space more efficiently.

But with the given time budget, maybe not feasible. So perhaps focusing on the existing methods but with better parameter tuning.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is run 3 times, with a certain number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution could help find better solutions.

Alternatively, using more initial guesses and varying parameters for the guess functions. For example, adding more frequency and duty combinations for the pulse and sawtooth functions.

Alternatively, maybe the current code's initial_h_values could be modified, but since the user says to reference it directly and not use copy, I can't change it. So the starting point is fixed.

Another thought: the overlap integral is evaluated using the correlate function. The maximum value of this is what we need to minimize. The correlate function in numpy is equivalent to the convolution, so maybe expanding the problem into the frequency domain could help. However, given the constraints of the optimization, it's unclear how to use that directly.

Alternatively, thinking about the problem as a game between the function h and the shift k. The function h needs to be such that no shift k leads to a high overlap. Therefore, the worst-case shift is the one that maximizes the overlap, which we need to minimize.

But how to model that? Maybe the optimal solution is such that all possible overlaps are equal, which would be a balanced approach. However, achieving that might be difficult.

Another idea: using a deterministic annealing approach, where the optimization gradually adjusts the function h to minimize the maximum overlap.

But time is limited. Let's think about what changes can be made in the existing code to improve performance.

The previous code uses several guess functions and refines them with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of guesses or varying the parameters could help. For example, trying more duty cycles, frequencies, or combining different waveforms.

Also, the current code uses 8 refine steps. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or adjusting the tolerance parameters could lead to better results.

Another possible improvement: The initial guess is the initial_h_values, which may be a good starting point. However, the code may get stuck in local optima. So perhaps randomly perturbing the initial guess and optimizing would help.

Alternatively, using more sophisticated initial guesses. For example, generating a sawtooth or triangle wave with specific parameters.

Wait, in the previous code, the initial guesses include various waveforms with different frequencies and duty cycles. But maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a grid search over frequency and duty cycle combinations, or generating more structured patterns.

But how to do that without making the code too lengthy? For example, trying a few different duty cycles and frequencies for each waveform type.

Additionally, the reference to initial_h_values might be a better starting point than some of the other guesses. So maybe focusing on refining that initial guess further.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of samples. Maybe increasing the number of samples could lead to a better solution, but the user mentions that smaller sequences are preferred. However, the code needs to balance between sample size and optimization time.

Given that the previous code uses n=45 samples, increasing the number of samples might not be feasible due to time constraints. So perhaps keeping the sample size similar but optimizing the function more effectively.

Another possible optimization: in the current code, the differential evolution is run 3 times. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the population size could improve the results. However, this would take more time.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using a constrained optimization method like COBYLA, which might be more efficient than SLSQP.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP for the local optimization steps and differential evolution for global exploration. Maybe switching the methods or adjusting their parameters could help.

Another point: the function obj is the maximum of the correlate result multiplied by dx. The correlate function in numpy is calculated as a full convolution, so the maximum value corresponds to the maximum overlap over all possible shifts k. But when the function is sampled at discrete points, the correlation might not capture all shifts accurately. However, the code's approach is to compute the full correlation and take the maximum, which should be correct given the discretization.

In summary, to improve the C5 value, the code could:

1. Use a broader set of initial guesses, covering more potential structures.
2. Tune the parameters of differential evolution and other methods to find better solutions.
3. Refine the initial guesses more thoroughly with local optimization steps.
4. Explore different types of functions for the initial guesses, such as combinations or more complex waveforms.
5. Adjust the parameters of the optimization routines (e.g., number of iterations, population size) to allow more thorough exploration of the search space.

Now, translating this into code changes. Let's think about how to modify the existing code.

First, generating more initial guesses. For example, instead of using fixed frequencies and duty cycles, perhaps varying them more. Or generating more types of functions, like more complex patterns.

Alternatively, using a combination of different waveforms, such as blending sine and square waves.

But given the code's length constraints, it's important to keep the code concise.

Another idea: instead of using separate functions for generating pulses, sawtooth, and triangle, maybe using a more general function that can create different shapes based on parameters.

But how to implement that without making the code too long?

Alternatively, modifying the existing guess functions to include more parameters. For example, trying more frequencies and duty cycles for each waveform type.

For example, increasing the frequency range for pulses and sawtooth functions.

Also, the previous code uses 3 different types of initial guesses (pulses, sawtooth, triangle) with multiple parameters each. Maybe adding more types or varying existing parameters could help.

Another idea: the current code uses gen_random() as part of the guesses. Random guesses might not be effective, but adding more structured random variations (like small perturbations around the initial guess) could help.

In terms of the optimization steps, the code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP steps.

Also, the current code runs 3 differential evolution iterations. Increasing that number could allow for more exploration.

But the main issue is to make sure that the code completes within the 100 seconds. So any changes should be efficient.

Another possible tweak: precompute the correlation values for the initial guesses and prioritize those with lower C5 values.

Alternatively, using a different method for generating initial guesses. For example, using a grid-based approach where the function h is designed with certain symmetry.

But without knowing the exact structure of the optimal solution, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, given that the Erdos problem is known to have solutions with specific structures, like using a specific number of intervals, maybe trying to model that. For example, using a function with 5 intervals (since the problem is C5), but this is speculative.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is such that the overlap for each shift is minimized by balancing the overlap between high and low regions. This suggests a certain periodicity or regularity in the function's design.

For example, designing h as a periodic function with a certain period that minimizes the maximum overlap. If the period is 1, then shifting by 1 would create a certain overlap. However, the interval is [0,2], so a period of 1 could be repeated twice.

In that case, the function h could be designed as a periodic function on [0,1], extended to [0,2]. For example, a square wave with a certain duty cycle.

But the initial guesses already include slowly varying functions. If the optimal solution is in this space, perhaps refining those functions would help.

Overall, the key is to generate a more diverse set of initial guesses and refine them thoroughly with the available optimization methods.

Considering all these thoughts, the modified code may involve:

1. Expanding the set of initial guesses by trying different waveforms and parameters.
2. Increasing the number of differential evolution iterations.
3. Refining the local optimization steps with more iterations.
4. Adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods (e.g., tolerance, maximum iterations).

Let me now think about how to code these changes.

In the previous code, the initial guesses are generated with a few functions. To expand this, perhaps adding more frequencies and duty cycles, or more types of functions.

For example, instead of just frequencies 3-9, maybe a broader range. Also, trying different shapes.

But to keep the code concise, perhaps increasing the number of guesses by generating more points for each type.

Another idea: using a higher number of frequencies for the pulses and sawtooth functions.

In the current code, the guesses for pulses are added for frequencies from 3 to 9. Maybe increasing to 5-12 or something.

Also, for the triangle function, maybe trying different duty cycles.

Additionally, the code uses gen_random() multiple times. Maybe adding more structured random variations could help.

Another change: in the current code, the SLSQP refinement runs for 8 steps. Increasing the number of refinement steps might help further reduce the C5 value.

Another point: the current code uses the same bounds for all points, but maybe tightening the bounds in some regions could help.

But I think that's not the case. The problem requires h(x) to be in [0,1], so the bounds are already tight.

So, putting it all together, the revised code could:

- Generate more initial guesses with varied parameters.
- Perform more rounds of differential evolution and SLSQP refinement.

But how to code this concisely?

Let me outline the changes step by step.

1. Increase the range of frequencies for the pulse and sawtooth functions. For example, frequencies from 2 to 10 instead of 3-9.

2. Add more duty cycles for the sawtooth and triangle functions.

3. Increase the number of random guesses.

4. Increase the number of differential evolution iterations.

5. Increase the number of refinement steps.

But given the code's length, I need to make sure that these changes are implemented efficiently.

Also, using the initial_h_values as a base, and generating more guesses based on that could help.

Another possible change: using the initial_h_values as one of the initial guesses and then perturbing it slightly.

But the code already uses the initial_h_values as the first guess.

Now, considering the code structure:

The previous code has a 'guesses' list that is filled with various generated functions. Expanding this list would require adding more functions.

For example:

In the previous code:

for freq in range(3, 10):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))

This adds pulses with frequencies 3-9 (inclusive?), but in Python, range(3,10) is 3,4,...,9. So that's 7 frequencies. Maybe increasing the range to 2-11, which is 10 frequencies.

Similarly, for the sawtooth and triangle functions, trying more duty cycles or frequencies.

Another thought: trying to generate functions that are not just sinusoidal but have more peaks or variations. For example, combining different waveforms.

But again, code conciseness is important.

Another possible change: adding a function that generates a piecewise linear function with certain intervals.

But without knowing the exact structure, this might not be effective.

Alternatively, trying to use the initial_h_values as part of the guesses, but that's already done.

In the current code, the initial guesses are:

- The initial_h_values
- Pulses for frequencies 3-9
- Sawtooth waves for various duty cycles
- Triangle waves for various duty cycles
- Random guesses

So to expand the initial guesses, we can:

- Add more frequencies for pulses and sawtooth.
- Add more duty cycles for the triangle function.
- Add more random guesses.

Another thing: the previous code tried gen_random() five times. Increasing this number to, say, 10 might help.

Also, during the differential evolution phase, running it more times with more iterations.

In the code, the differential evolution is run 3 times, with maxiter=60. Increasing the maxiter to 100 and running it more times could help, but might take more time.

But given the time budget, perhaps adjusting the parameters to balance between exploration and time.

Another idea: for the differential evolution, using a larger population size to explore more of the search space.

In the current code, popsize=150. May increase this to 200 or 300 to allow more diversity in the initial population.

But this would take more time, so need to balance.

Finally, in the refinement steps, after the differential evolution, the code does 8 refinement steps. Increasing this to 12 or more might help further improve the solution.

In conclusion, the revised code would:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses with different parameters.
- Increase the number and parameters of the differential evolution runs.
- Perform more refinement steps with SLSQP to fine-tune the solution.

Now, coding these changes into the existing code structure.

The code's main parts are generating the guesses, performing differential evolution, then refinement.

Let me outline the code changes:

1. For the pulse guesses: increase the frequency range to 2-10.

2. For sawtooth and triangle functions, add more duty cycles.

3. Increase the number of random guesses.

4. Increase the differential evolution's maxiter and number of runs.

5. Increase the refinement steps.

So, modifying the code accordingly.

Now, translating this into code.

For example, changing the pulse frequencies range to 2-10 (range(2,11)), which is 10 frequencies.

For the sawtooth, adding more duty cycles, like 0.1, 0.2, 0.3, ..., 0.9.

Similarly for triangle.

Also, increasing the number of random guesses from 5 to 10.

In the differential evolution part, increasing the maxiter to 100 and running it 5 times.

In the refinement steps, increasing from 8 to 12.

These changes may help in exploring a larger part of the search space and finding better solutions.

Now, implementing these changes in the code.

Another possible optimization: in the SLSQP refinement, increasing the maximum iterations to 100 instead of 70.

But the code must stay within the time budget.

In the final code, ensuring that all these changes are made, but without making the code too long.

Now, writing the code with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 11):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=200, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(12):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```