<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is even lower, like 0.380876. So my goal is to get a lower C₅ value.

The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization methods starting from an initial guess. It generated different pulse and sawtooth wave patterns as initial guesses. But maybe there's a better approach.

Hmm, the problem is about finding a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So I need to minimize the worst-case overlap for any shift k.

The current code uses a 45-sample initial guess. Let me think about possible improvements. Maybe instead of starting with a fixed initial guess, I can explore more diverse starting points. Also, maybe using different optimization algorithms or better parameter tuning could help.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe I can combine different strategies. For example, using a genetic algorithm for exploration and then refining with SLSQP. But the code has to stay under the time budget.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model it as a constrained optimization problem where we minimize the maximum value of the overlap integral. However, directly optimizing the maximum is tricky. Maybe using a convex relaxation or some other method.

Alternatively, maybe I can use a more efficient way to sample the possible shifts. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. But perhaps focusing on certain shifts that are more critical could help. However, that might complicate things.

Wait, the previous code's initial guess is based on some waveforms. Maybe generating more varied starting points would help avoid local minima. For example, using different frequencies or duty cycles for pulses and triangles. Also, maybe combining multiple patterns.

Another thought: since the integral is over [0, 2], and the function h is a step function, perhaps the optimal h has a structure that is periodic or has certain symmetry. Maybe trying to construct h with specific structures, like alternating regions of high and low values, could be beneficial.

But how to translate that into code? Maybe using a grid search with different configurations. However, given the time constraints, that might not be feasible.

Another approach: since the problem is similar to a covering problem, perhaps the optimal h should be designed to minimize the overlap with itself at various shifts. For example, ensuring that whenever h is high, 1 - h is low for nearby shifts.

Alternatively, maybe using a simulated annealing approach, which allows exploration of the solution space while gradually converging. But implementing that might be time-consuming.

Wait, the previous code uses a differential evolution (DE) step. DE is good for global optimization, but maybe with a different population size or mutation parameters, it could find better solutions. Also, maybe combining DE with local optimization steps.

Another idea: the current code uses 100 iterations for DE. Maybe reducing the number of iterations but increasing the population size could be more efficient. Or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Alternatively, using a metamodel-based optimization approach, where a surrogate model is built to approximate the objective function, and then the search is guided by that model. But building a surrogate model could be complex, especially within the time constraints.

Wait, the problem requires that the code runs within 100 seconds. So the approach must be efficient. Perhaps focusing on a few good initial guesses and doing thorough optimization on them.

Let me consider the initial_h_values. The code uses the initial guess to start. Maybe generating other initial guesses from different patterns could lead to better results. For example, using more pulses, triangles, or other waveforms.

Another thought: since the optimal h is a step function, perhaps using a binary representation (0s and 1s) could be better, but the problem allows any values between 0 and 1. However, the step function suggests that h is piecewise constant, so maybe using more partitions could help. But the code uses a fixed n_points, so increasing n_points might not be possible due to time constraints. However, the current initial guess has n_points = 45. Let's check the previous code's n_points. The initial_h_values is a list of 45 elements, so n_points = 45. The previous code's code uses that.

But the user might want to try different n_points. However, the problem says that smaller sequences (less than 1k samples) are preferred. So maybe using a smaller n_points (like 45) is better for speed.

But how to improve the current approach? Maybe the previous code's guesses aren't sufficient. Let me think about the previous code's guesses. It includes pulse and sawtooth waves with varying frequencies and duties, and random guesses.

Perhaps adding more diverse initial guesses, such as combinations of these waveforms, or other patterns like square waves, or even more complex shapes. Also, considering different combinations of frequencies and duties.

Another idea: maybe using a starting point with a high degree of symmetry. For example, dividing the interval [0, 2] into equal parts and setting h to certain values. But how to translate that into code?

Wait, maybe the current code can be modified to use different optimization strategies. For instance, using a hybrid approach where we first use a global optimization method like differential evolution to find a good starting point, then use local optimization like SLSQP to refine it further.

The previous code does this. But perhaps adjusting the parameters of these methods. For example, increasing the number of maxiter for SLSQP, or using different settings for the DE.

Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm, such as the Nelder-Mead method, which is derivative-free. However, Nelder-Mead might not be as effective for this problem.

Another possible improvement: the current code evaluates the correlation for all shifts, which is computationally intensive. But since it's done in a vectorized way with numpy, maybe it's manageable.

Wait, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the full cross-correlation. But for the problem, we need to compute the integral for each shift k. However, the overlapping integral for each k is the integral over [0, 2 -k] of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. But when k is larger than 2, the overlap might be zero. However, the code checks max over k, so perhaps it's considering all k values, including those that cause the overlap to be zero.

But how does the code compute that? The np.correlate with mode 'full' returns a larger array, and then the maximum is taken. The dx factor is applied to scale the integral.

But perhaps there's a more efficient way to compute the maximum overlap, but given that the code already does this, maybe it's okay.

Another idea: the current code uses 100 iterations for DE, but maybe reducing the number of iterations and increasing the population size could be better. Or using a different mutation strategy.

Alternatively, using a tournament selection approach in DE.

Hmm, but the code already has DE with certain parameters. Let's think about how to improve the initial guesses. Maybe the previous code's initial guesses are too limited. For example, using more varied frequencies and duties, or other waveforms.

Wait, the code includes generating pulses with freq from 3 to 9, but maybe using higher frequencies or different duty cycles. Also, the sawtooth and triangle functions might have different parameters.

Another possible improvement: considering more complex patterns. For example, combining multiple waveforms. But generating such patterns algorithmically is tricky.

Alternatively, using a random search with some structure. For example, generating random h vectors that meet the sum constraint and then optimizing them.

But the previous code already attempts this with the gen_random() function. Maybe increasing the number of random guesses could help. However, the code only generates 10 random guesses.

Another thought: the code's refinement step uses SLSQP for 5 iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps or adjusting the parameters of SLSQP could yield better results.

Wait, the previous code has a few steps:

1. Use initial guess and generate several different patterns as initial guesses.
2. Use SLSQP to optimize each initial guess.
3. Use DE to generate more guesses and optimize them.
4. Refine the best solution with more SLSQP steps.

But perhaps the order or the way these steps are performed can be optimized.

For example, maybe the DE step could be done first, then followed by SLSQP refinement. Also, using more diversity in the initial guesses.

Another idea: instead of using multiple types of waveforms, perhaps using a more systematic approach to construct h. For example, using a grid of points where h alternates between 0 and 1 in a pattern that minimizes overlaps. But since h can take any value between 0 and 1, maybe a more optimal pattern is possible.

Alternatively, using a block-based approach where the function h repeats a certain pattern over the interval [0,2]. For example, a pattern that alternates between high and low regions. The length of each block could be chosen to minimize overlap.

But how to design such a pattern algorithmically?

Wait, let's think about the overlap integral. For a given shift k, the overlap is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). This can be seen as the integral of h(x) over the regions where h(x +k) is low. So, the goal is to minimize the maximum value of this integral over all possible shifts.

This seems similar to designing a function h that has minimal overlap with itself at various shifts. One approach to achieve this is to ensure that h(x) is as "spread out" as possible, so that when shifted, it doesn't overlap with itself much.

A possible candidate for such a function is a piecewise constant function with equal segments of high and low values arranged in a way that the shifts the function by a certain amount causes the high regions to align with low regions of the original function.

For example, a function that has 1/3 of the interval at 1, 1/3 at 0, and 1/3 at 1 again, but shifted. However, this is speculative.

Alternatively, using a function with alternating 1s and 0s in such a way that the overlap is minimized. But since the function has to be piecewise constant, perhaps using a specific ratio for the widths of the regions that are 1 or 0.

But how to translate this into code? Maybe generating a function with several segments, each set to 0 or 1, arranged in a specific pattern.

But the code must generate the initial guesses algorithmically. Let's think about generating different patterns. For example, using a combination of sine waves, square waves, or other periodic functions, but with different parameters.

Another approach: using the fact that the optimal h is related to a covering code or a set system with minimal overlap, but I'm not sure how to apply that directly.

Another idea: since the problem is similar to a covering problem, perhaps the optimal h is a union of intervals where the coverage is spread out. For instance, if h is set to 1 on intervals that are spaced apart to minimize overlap when shifted.

For example, suppose we divide the interval [0, 2] into n equal parts, and set h to 1 in certain intervals. The key is to select the intervals such that shifting by any k leads to minimal overlap with the existing 1s.

But how to find such intervals? This feels like a combinatorial optimization problem, which is difficult to solve directly.

Alternatively, perhaps using a greedy approach: start with one segment, then add segments that minimize the overlap with existing segments and their shifts. But this could be computationally expensive.

Hmm. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code by improving the initial guesses and optimization parameters, or introducing more varied patterns.

Another thought: the previous code generates a few initial guesses using pulses and sawtooth waves. Maybe generating more such guesses with different parameters could help. For example, using more frequencies or different duty cycles.

In the previous code, for pulses, frequencies are from 3 to 9 (3, ..., 9). Perhaps using lower frequencies like 2 would be better. Similarly, for the triangles and sawtooth waves, maybe using more duty cycles.

Alternatively, using a pulse waveform with different parameters. For instance, varying the frequency and duty cycle to generate diverse shapes.

Another idea: use functions that have higher frequency but with duty cycles that are optimized for the problem. For example, a pulse with a certain width and period that ensures minimal overlap when shifted.

But how to generate such functions algorithmically?

Alternatively, using a combination of frequency components. For example, Fourier series with certain coefficients. But this may be more complex.

Given the time constraints, perhaps modifying the previous code to increase the diversity of initial guesses would be beneficial. For example, adding more duty cycles, frequencies, or generating random guesses more frequently.

Let me think about the code structure. The current code generates guesses by:

1. Using the initial_h_values as a guess.
2. Generating pulses with frequencies 3-9 and duty 0.5.
3. Generating sawtooth waves with frequencies 3 and various duties.
4. Generating triangle waves with same.
5. Generating 10 random guesses.

Perhaps adding more pulse and triangle guesses with different parameters, or using different frequencies.

Alternatively, adding square waves, which are similar to pulses but with duty cycles of 0.5. But the code already includes pulse waves with duty 0.5.

Another idea: use the initial guesses to generate some more varied patterns. For example, using different combinations of high and low regions, such as a combination of two square waves with different frequencies.

But without knowing the exact optimal pattern, it's challenging to know which directions to explore.

Alternatively, maybe the current best solution is already close to the target, and minor tweaks could push it further down.

Another possible optimization: in the previous code, the differential evolution step is run three times, but maybe increasing the number of iterations or the population size could yield better results.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the refinement steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm for the initial steps and then SLSQP for refinement.

But the code has to fit within the 100 seconds budget.

Hmm. Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the existing code to use more diverse initial guesses, perhaps by increasing the number of frequencies, duties, and random guesses, and also tweak the optimization parameters for better convergence.

Also, in the previous code, the differential evolution step is run three times, each time generating a new guess and refining it. Maybe increasing the number of such iterations within the budget.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of refinement steps. Perhaps adding more refinement steps could lead to better convergence.

But how to modify the code to achieve this?

Let me outline the changes I could make:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses by adding more pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves with varying frequencies and duties.
2. Use a wider range of frequencies for the pulses and other waveforms.
3. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods (e.g., increasing the maxiter for SLSQP).
4. Increase the number of DE iterations and population size.
5. Add more random guesses to explore different regions of the solution space.

Additionally, perhaps the previous code's DE step could be modified to use more aggressive parameters, like a higher mutation rate.

Let me try to implement these changes in the code.

Wait, the code already includes some of this. For example, the code generates pulses with frequencies from 3 to 9. Perhaps extending this to lower frequencies (like 2) would help. Also, adding more duty cycles to the sawtooth and triangle waves.

In the current code, the pulses are generated with freq in 3-9 and duty 0.5. The sawtooth and triangle are generated with freq 3 and duties 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5. Maybe adding more frequencies for these waveforms, and different duty cycles.

Another possible change: in the previous code, the gen_saw and gen_triangle functions use the same frequency (3). Perhaps varying this frequency could lead to better initial guesses.

Additionally, the random guesses are generated 10 times. Maybe increasing this number would help.

Another idea: for the SLSQP optimization, ensure that it has sufficient iterations to converge. The current code uses maxiter=200, which is quite high, but maybe increasing it further would help.

But the code has to run within 100 seconds, so increasing the number of iterations may not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a better set of initial points.

So, modifying the code to generate more initial guesses with varied parameters.

For example, in the previous code, the guesses are:

- initial_h_values
- pulses for freq 3-9 with duty 0.5
- sawtooth with freq 3, duties 0.2-0.5
- triangle with freq 3, same duties
- 10 random guesses

Let me think about adding more pulse guesses with different frequencies, like adding freq=2, or including other duty cycles. Also, for the sawtooth and triangle waves, using different frequencies, like 2, 4, 5, etc.

Additionally, for the random guesses, perhaps generating more of them. For example, instead of 10, generate 20.

Another thought: the previous code uses the same frequency for sawtooth and triangle waves. Maybe using different frequencies for each could lead to more diverse initial guesses.

So, modifying the code to generate more varied initial guesses.

Also, in the DE step, the code runs it three times. Maybe increasing the number of DE iterations could help. For example, running DE more times with different parameters.

But since the code has to run in 100 seconds, it's important to balance between the number of iterations and the parameters.

Another possible improvement is to adjust the mutation and recombination parameters in the DE step to explore the search space more effectively.

In the previous code, the DE parameters are mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8. Perhaps changing these to (0.8, 1.0) or other values could yield better results.

Additionally, the code has a refinement step that runs SLSQP 5 times, which could be increased to 10 or more steps.

Putting this all together, the modified code would generate more initial guesses with diverse parameters, adjust the DE parameters, and perhaps increase the number of refinement steps.

Another idea: since the initial_h_values is fixed, maybe using it as one of the initial guesses, and generating others from different waveforms with varying frequencies and duties.

By making these changes, the code should explore a more diverse set of initial solution points, leading to better optimization and potentially lower C₅ values.

So, the final plan for the code is:

- Generate more initial guesses with varied parameters.
- Use different frequencies and duties for pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves.
- Increase the number of random guesses.
- Adjust the DE parameters for better exploration.
- Allow more refinement steps.

But I need to fit all this into the code.

Also, the code has to be concise, as per the constraints. So, the code must be compact, without too many lines.

The previous code's guesses are generated in a loop. To add more guesses, perhaps expand the ranges for frequencies and duties.

For example, the pulses could have frequencies from 2 to 10, instead of 3 to 9.

The sawtooth and triangle waves could have frequencies 2, 3, 4, 5, etc.

Additionally, including more duty cycles for these waveforms.

This is just an idea, but I need to implement it now.

So, modifying the code's guess generation part:

For pulses, adding freq from 2 to 10, and duty 0.5.

For sawtooth and triangle, adding more frequencies and duties.

Also, generating more random guesses.

In code, this would involve expanding the loops or adding more calls to gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle.

Also, the gen_random() function is called 10 times, which could be increased.

But given the code's line limit, perhaps adding more guesses in the loop.

Another idea: since the previous code's DE step is called three times, perhaps increasing that to five times, but with fewer iterations.

But overall, the code has to be efficient.

Also, the code's objective function computes the maximum overlap, which is correctly calculated.

Putting all this together, the code can be adjusted to generate more initial guesses with varied parameters, leading to a better exploration of the solution space.

Thus, the final code will have these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    guesses = [h]

    for freq in range(2, 11):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))

    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5]:
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
            guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))

    for _ in range(20):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 1.0), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```