<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the overlap integral, which is the maximum of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) over all k. The current record is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than that, like 0.380876 or better.

The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization starting from an initial guess. It tried various pulse, sawtooth, and triangle wave patterns as initial guesses. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, let's recall the problem. We have h(x) on [0,2], which is a step function. The integral constraint is that the area under h is 1. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap integral over different shifts k. The overlap integral for each shift is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The maximum of these over k gives the C₅ value we want to minimize.

So, how can I approach this better? The previous code used a variety of guesses, but maybe there's a more structured way to generate candidate solutions. Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization algorithm or modifying the search space can help avoid local minima.

Let me think about possible strategies. One idea is to use symmetry or periodic patterns. For example, maybe a periodic function with certain properties could lead to lower overlap. But since the domain is [0,2], perhaps a function that's symmetric around 1 in some way?

Wait, the function h(x) has to be a step function. So it's made up of a finite number of steps. The initial solution uses 45 points, which isn't too bad, but maybe using a higher number of points would allow more precise tuning. But the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe using 45 or similar is better for speed.

Alternatively, maybe a better initial guess could be generated. The previous code tried pulses, sawtooths, triangles, etc. Maybe trying more sophisticated shapes or combining them?

Another approach could be to use a genetic algorithm or a more advanced optimization method. But the previous code used differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe tweaking the parameters could help. Or maybe using a different optimization method, like Bayesian optimization, but that might be more complex.

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of several integrals, maybe we can model it as a constrained optimization problem where we try to minimize the maximum value. This is inherently a non-convex problem, which is challenging. So, using local optimization methods might get stuck in local minima, hence the need for multiple initial guesses.

Another thought: the overlap integral for each shift k can be interpreted as the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. So, for each shift, we want to minimize the overlap. To minimize the maximum over all shifts, perhaps the function h should avoid being 1 in regions that are overlapping with shifted versions of itself. So, the function should be constructed such that it's 1 in non-overlapping regions when shifted. But since the domain is [0,2], shifts can wrap around, so the function's support needs to be arranged carefully.

Perhaps using a block-based pattern. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into regions where h(x) is 1 or 0 in a way that shifts of k won't overlap much. For example, if h is 1 in intervals of length L, then shifts by k which are larger than L would not overlap. But since the integral constraint requires the total area to be 1, perhaps the length of intervals where h is 1 is adjusted accordingly.

Alternatively, maybe using a function that has a periodic structure but with varying on/off intervals. For example, a pulse train with varying duty cycles. But there's a balance between the number of pulses and their positions to satisfy the integral constraint.

Wait, the initial code tried some of these, like pulses with different frequencies. Maybe trying more complex patterns, like a combination of different waveforms, or using a more structured approach.

Another idea is to use the fact that the maximum overlap integral can be approximated by the maximum over all shifts. To minimize this, the function should spread out the 1's in such a way that when shifted, the overlapping areas are minimized. For example, using a function that's 1 in intervals that are spaced apart so that shifts don't cause overlaps.

But how do I translate this into a numerical optimization problem? Maybe by trial and error, but with some heuristics.

Alternatively, using a grid search with some smart sampling could help. But given the time budget, it's not feasible for large n_points.

Let me think about the current approach. The previous code uses a combination of different guesses (pulses, sawtooths, etc.), then uses local optimization (SLSQP) to refine them. Then, differential evolution is used to explore the space, followed by further refinement with SLSQP. This seems reasonable, but perhaps the initial guesses could be improved.

Wait, the initial guess is given as initial_h_values. Maybe that's the bad starting point, and starting from a better initial guess could help. However, the user says to use the initial_h_values if available, so I can't change that. So the code has to start from that initial guess.

But perhaps there's a better way. The initial solution had a C₅ bound of 0.381142, which is higher than the desired 0.38085. So the code needs to find a better solution.

One possible improvement is to adjust the optimization parameters. For example, in the previous code, the SLSQP method has a maximum of 200 iterations per guess, and then differential evolution with 80 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution could help, but that would take more time. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so the code needs to be efficient.

Alternatively, using a different optimization approach. For example, using a global optimization method like genetic algorithms, which could explore the search space more effectively. But in the previous code, differential evolution is already used. Maybe adjusting parameters like mutation and recombination rates could help.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum over several integrals, maybe it's beneficial to penalize the maximum in the objective function. But the current code uses max(corr) * dx as the objective, which is correct.

Another approach is to consider the overlapping shifts. For example, for a given h, compute the maximum overlap over all shifts, and then use that as the objective. But the previous code does exactly that.

Wait, but how are the shifts handled? The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation over all possible shifts. The maximum of this cross-correlation multiplied by dx gives the C₅.

So, perhaps the problem can be rephrased as finding a h such that the maximum value of the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h is minimized. That's the same as the current approach.

Another thought: the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h is equivalent to the sum over x of h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)), which is the same as integrating over x. So the code's approach is correct.

Now, what could be the issues with the previous code? It starts with a certain initial guess (initial_h_values) and then tries different guesses generated by various functions, then uses optimization. The problem with this approach is that it may get stuck in local minima, even after multiple guesses. So, perhaps a better approach is needed.

Alternative approach: try to structure the search space more effectively. For example, use a more informed initial guess, such as a piecewise constant function that is periodic with certain properties. For example, a function that is 1 in certain intervals that are spaced out to minimize overlaps.

But how to generate such a function? Let's think. Suppose the interval [0,2] is divided into m equal parts. The function h could be 1 in certain intervals. The challenge is to choose which intervals to set to 1 such that the overlap when shifted is minimized.

Alternatively, using a Fourier-based approach. Since the problem has a convolution-like structure, perhaps transforming into the frequency domain could help. However, the current problem is about maximizing the cross-correlation, which in Fourier terms is related to the product of the Fourier transforms. But I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Alternatively, perhaps using a probabilistic approach. The problem resembles a covering problem, where we want to place "1" regions such that their shifted versions overlap as little as possible. This is similar to scheduling or interval packing problems.

But given that the function is a step function with a fixed integral, maybe the optimal arrangement is to spread out the 1's as much as possible. However, since the domain is finite, there's a limit to how spread out they can be.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of points (45), which might not be optimal. Maybe trying with a different number of points? The problem says smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, the current initial_h_values may already be for 45 points. Let's check the user's previous code: the initial_h_values are used, and n_points is len(h). The previous code had 45 points. So maybe sticking with 45 is acceptable.

Wait, the initial code's previous run had a C5 bound of 0.381142. The target is to get lower than that. So how can we improve the algorithm?

Perhaps, instead of generating a wide variety of initial guesses, focus on a few promising patterns. For example, using a function that is a combination of several intervals where h(x) is 1, spaced out in a particular way. For example, using a function that is 1 in three or four intervals, each of length l, such that their shifts do not overlap much.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 in a single interval, but then overlapping with itself. But that would have high overlap for shifts that are small. So, perhaps multiple intervals arranged in a way that when shifted, they don't overlap.

But how to determine the optimal arrangement?

Alternatively, using a non-uniform distribution of the 1's. For example, placing them in locations where their shifts are less likely to overlap. This sounds like a problem that might be approached with simulated annealing, but the previous code uses differential evolution and SLSQP.

Another thought: the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts. For example, shifts that correspond to the spacing between the intervals where h(x) is 1. So, if the intervals are placed such that the distance between them is large enough, then shifts smaller than that distance would not cause overlap. But since the domain wraps around, shifts larger than 2 would be equivalent to negative shifts, but since the domain is [0,2], the maximum shift to consider is 2.

Wait, the function is defined on [0, 2], and when you shift by k, the x + k can wrap around the interval. For example, if x is near 2 and k is 0.5, x + k is 2.5, which is outside the interval. But in the code, the cross-correlation is computed for all shifts. However, in reality, when x + k is outside [0, 2], the function h(x +k) is zero? Or is it defined as 0 outside the interval? Because the integral is over the domain where x is in [0,2], and h(x +k) is considered over x's range. Wait, the overlap integral is ∫₀² h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. So, when x +k is outside [0,2], the term (1 - h(x +k)) would be 1 if x +k is outside [0,2], because h(x +k) is zero there (since the function is defined on [0,2]). Wait no, the original definition says h maps [0,2] to [0,1]. So, for k such that x +k is outside [0,2], h(x +k) is not defined. So, when computing the integral, for x such that x +k is outside [0,2], the term (1 - h(x +k)) is considered as 1 if h(x +k) is 0 (since x +k is outside the domain), but I think in the code, the cross-correlation is computed for the entire range. However, the integral is only over x in [0,2]. Therefore, in the code, the cross-correlation might be expanding the domain. For example, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which pads the array with zeros. So, for shifts where x +k is outside the original domain, the h(x +k) is treated as zero. Therefore, when computing the overlap integral, it's ∫₀² h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) dx, where h(x +k) is zero if x +k is outside [0,2]. That's correct.

So, for the given h, the function h(x +k) for shifts k is considered as being zero outside [0,2]. Therefore, when shifting k, the integral is computed over x such that x is in [0, 2], and x +k is in [0, 2] if possible. The code uses the cross-correlation, which effectively computes the sum over all possible shifts, but with the h(x +k) zero-padded outside [0, 2].

So, the problem is to arrange h(x) such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized for all possible shifts.

Another possible optimization is to focus on the shifts that are most likely to cause high overlap. For example, shifts that are small (e.g., k near 0 or 0.5) might be more critical. To reduce these, arranging h(x) so that shifts by small k have minimal overlap.

But how to incorporate this into the optimization? It's difficult to know which shifts are most important. However, during the optimization, the objective function naturally considers all shifts, so the optimizer should handle that.

Now, back to the code: the previous code uses several initial guesses, and then applies differential evolution and SLSQP. The question is whether those methods are sufficient to find a better solution.

One possible improvement is to use a more effective initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might not be the best starting point. However, the user's instruction says to use the initial_h_values directly, so I can't change that. Therefore, perhaps the problem is that the initial guess is not good enough, and we need to apply more intense optimization steps.

Another idea is to use a different optimization approach. For example, instead of SLSQP and differential evolution, perhaps using a genetic algorithm. However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch in Python might be time-consuming, but given the time budget, perhaps it's worth trying.

Alternatively, modifying the existing approach by introducing more sophisticated parameter tuning. For example, increasing the mutation rates in differential evolution, or using a more aggressive optimization in the SLSQP steps.

Another thing to consider is that the current code may be stuck in local minima. To avoid that, trying more diverse initial guesses is important. The previous code generates several guesses using different waveforms. Maybe adding more initial guesses, such as random permutations or other patterns, could help.

But given the time constraints, perhaps increasing the number of guesses is not feasible. Instead, focusing on refining the existing ones.

Another idea: the code uses a fixed number of iterations (e.g., 200 for SLSQP, 80 for differential evolution). Perhaps increasing these numbers could lead to better results, but that would take more time. However, the code has a budget of 100 seconds, so the iterations must be balanced.

Alternatively, the code could use a better optimization method for the SLSQP steps, such as using a more accurate gradient approximation or adjusting the tolerance parameters to ensure convergence.

Another possibility is to use the initial guess and apply more aggressive optimization steps. For example, running SLSQP with more iterations and tighter tolerances, or using a combination of different optimization methods.

Let me think about the structure of the code. The previous code starts with the initial guess, then generates several guesses, runs SLSQP on each, then runs differential evolution, and then refines with SLSQP again. The total number of guesses is limited, but perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses or varying the parameters could yield better results.

Wait, the code also includes a 'refine' step after differential evolution, which applies SLSQP multiple times to refine the solution. That seems good.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum, maybe the code can use a method that directly targets this. For example, using a multi-objective optimization to minimize the maximum overlap, but this is complex.

Alternatively, perhaps the current approach is sufficient, but the code can be optimized further. For example, using a different way to compute the cross-correlation. However, the current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient.

Wait, in the current code, when computing the cross-correlation, the mode is 'full', which gives the correlation for all possible shifts. However, the overlap integral is for k such that the x +k is within the domain. So, perhaps the code is overcounting some shifts. For example, when k is larger than 2, the integral would be zero because x +k would be outside the domain. However, since the cross-correlation includes all shifts, the maximum might be over those. However, the actual maximum might come from shifts within [0, 2], since larger shifts would have lower cross-correlation.

Wait, the integral ∫₀² h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx is the same for k in [0, 2] because shifting by more than 2 would wrap around. However, the code computes for all possible shifts, including those that exceed the domain. But since h(x +k) is considered zero outside [0,2], the code's cross-correlation includes all shifts, but the actual maximum might be within a certain range. However, this might be acceptable as the code is correct in terms of the integral calculation.

Another idea: to optimize the number of points. Maybe using fewer points (e.g., 30 or 40 points) would allow the code to run faster and explore more possibilities. However, the user's initial H_values may have 45 points. If that's the case, reducing the number of points might not be feasible due to time constraints.

Alternatively, using a larger number of points but optimizing the code to run faster. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. So, again, keeping to 45 points seems reasonable.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses float64 arrays, which is standard. But there's no need to use higher precision, as the problem is about minimizing a value, not about exact values.

Now, looking back, the previous code's best result was 0.381142, which is higher than the target of 0.38085. To improve this, perhaps modifying the code's optimization parameters or trying different initial guesses.

Another possible improvement is to precompute all possible shifts and their corresponding integrals, then use a gradient-based method to minimize the maximum. However, that's essentially what the code is already doing.

Wait, perhaps the code can be modified to use a different objective function. For example, instead of maximizing the cross-correlation, the code could use a different approach. However, the current function is correct.

Another idea is to use a more efficient way to compute the correlation. Since the integral is over all shifts, but the maximum overlap is determined by certain shifts, perhaps focusing on those specific shifts. For example, to compute the maximum over shifts k in a certain range.

But this would require changing the objective function. Alternatively, using a surrogate model or other techniques is not feasible within the time constraints.

Let me think of possible changes to the code. The previous code uses a combination of different guesses. Perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses would help. The current code includes pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random guesses. Maybe adding more types, like sine waves, or other complex functions.

Alternatively, using genetic algorithms to evolve better initial guesses. However, implementing a genetic algorithm might be time-consuming.

Another possible improvement: when generating initial guesses, use the initial_h_values as a base and perturb it slightly. This way, the optimizer starts from a good region but explores nearby areas.

Wait, the current code starts with initial_h_values and then generates other guesses. Maybe the code can be modified to use more refined perturbations of the initial guess.

Another thought: the current code uses differential evolution with a popsize of 100, which may be too slow for the budget. So reducing the popsize or the number of iterations might help, but it could also lead to worse results. However, the code has a budget of 100 seconds, so it's a trade-off.

Alternatively, using a different variant of evolutionary algorithms, but this requires more code.

Another approach: use the initial guess and apply SLSQP with more iterations and tighter tolerances. The previous code uses 200 iterations for SLSQP, maybe increasing this to 500 could help. However, this may take more time, but within the budget.

Alternatively, using a more efficient method for the initial optimization steps, like using a local search around the initial guess.

In summary, to improve upon the previous code, I need to:

1. Ensure that the initial guess is well-explored.
2. Use more diverse initial guesses that are better tailored to the problem.
3. Tune the optimization parameters (like number of iterations, popsize, etc.) to balance exploration and exploitation.
4. Use more effective optimization algorithms, or refine the existing ones.

Given that the previous code uses a combination of methods, but may not be sufficient, perhaps modifying the code to use a more diverse set of initial guesses and refine them with better optimization steps.

One possible change is to generate more initial guesses by varying parameters, such as different frequencies or duty cycles for the pulse and sawtooth functions. The previous code tried certain frequencies and duties, but maybe adding more combinations could help.

Another idea: the current code generates a fixed number of guesses. Maybe increasing the number of guesses would allow the optimizer to find a better initial solution. However, the code may not have enough budget for that.

Alternatively, using a different approach to generate initial guesses, such as using a greedy algorithm to place the 1's in the function h in a way that minimizes overlaps. For example, placing the 1's in non-overlapping regions as much as possible.

But how to implement this? For example, if we have a certain number of 1's, each of length l, spaced evenly across the interval [0,2], then the maximum overlap would be minimized. However, this is a heuristic and might not yield the optimal result.

But for the sake of trying, maybe generating initial guesses where the 1's are placed in non-overlapping regions. For example, if the total area is 1, then the length of each 1 interval is l = 1/(number of intervals). But since the function is a step function with discrete points, this approach is not directly applicable. However, it can inspire generating initial guesses with certain patterns.

In the current code, the pulses and triangles are generated with certain frequencies. Maybe adding more such patterns could help. For example, using a combination of a pulse and a triangle wave.

Another idea: the current code uses random guesses, but those might not be very effective. Maybe using a better random generation method, such as placing 1's in specific positions.

Alternatively, using a combination of the initial guess and a few other patterns to generate initial guesses.

Another thing: the previous code uses 'eval' on the function obj, but the code has to be written in a way that it's efficient. However, the code is already using numpy's correlate, which is efficient.

Putting this all together, here's a possible plan for the new code:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate several initial guesses by varying the frequency and duty cycle of pulse and sawtooth functions, as well as random guesses.
- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters (like mutation and recombination rates) to explore the search space more effectively.
- Run more iterations of SLSQP refinement after finding promising candidates.
- Use a better objective function, perhaps precomputing the maximum overlap for each candidate.

But since the previous code already does this, perhaps the key is to adjust the parameters and optimize the steps.

Another possible change is to use a different optimization algorithm, like the Nelder-Mead method, though it might not be as effective as SLSQP.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods, such as first applying differential evolution, then refining with SLSQP.

Given time constraints, perhaps modifying the previous code to adjust the parameters, like increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP or the differential evolution steps, and using more initial guesses.

However, I have to write the code now. Let's think about how to structure it.

The code needs to be concise. The previous code uses SLSQP, differential evolution, and refinement steps. Maybe the key is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization steps.

Another idea: using the initial guess and applying more aggressive optimization steps. For example, using the initial guess and then running more intensive SLSQP optimization.

But how to implement that in the code?

Another possible improvement is to use the initial_h_values as the starting point and then run multiple rounds of SLSQP and differential evolution, trying to improve the solution.

In code terms, perhaps increasing the number of guesses, or the number of iterations in differential evolution.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses 'maxiter' of 200 for SLSQP and 80 for differential evolution. Maybe increasing these to 500 and 100, respectively, could allow better convergence.

Also, adjusting the 'ftol' parameter in SLSQP to a smaller value could help achieve tighter convergence.

Another possible change is to use the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations and tighter tolerances, and to use the 'differential_evolution' method with more iterations and better parameters.

Given all this, here's a possible code outline:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Generate a variety of guesses, including pulses, sawtooths, triangles, and random guesses.
- Run SLSQP on each guess, keeping the best result.
- Run differential evolution with adjusted parameters.
- Run more iterations of refining with SLSQP.

Additionally, modify the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.

Now, translating this into code. Let's think about the code structure.

The code starts with the initial_h_values. Then, generates various guesses. The code then uses optimize.minimize with SLSQP, and then differential evolution. Then, further refinements.

In the previous code, the differential evolution was run 5 times, each with a new guess. Maybe increasing the number of times differential evolution is called could help. However, with a 100-second budget, it's important to balance the steps.

Also, modifying the parameters for differential evolution: increasing the maxiter, or changing the mutation and recombination rates.

Additionally, using a better random seed might help, but the initial seed is fixed as 42.

Finally, after collecting the best solution, refine it further with SLSQP.

In terms of code, perhaps the following changes can be made:

1. Increase the maxiter for SLSQP to 500.

2. Increase the maxiter for differential evolution to 100.

3. Adjust the population size and other parameters for differential evolution.

4. Add more initial guess functions, such as different pulse shapes or randomized patterns.

But given the code length constraints, it's hard to add too many more guesses, but the current code already has several.

Another thing to consider is the 'refine' step: the previous code runs it 10 times, but perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps could help.

In conclusion, the new code would likely be similar to the previous code but with adjusted parameters and optimization steps to allow better exploration and refinement of the solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 9):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(12):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```