<think>
Okay, I need to find a better upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is around 0.38085, and the previous code achieved 0.381142. My goal is to improve this. 

Looking at the previous code, it uses a combination of different initial guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and sine waves, and then applies SLSQP and differential evolution optimization. It also includes refinement steps. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, I should think about the problem structure. The integral to minimize is the maximum over k of the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k. To minimize this, the function h should be designed so that when shifted, the overlap with its complement is minimized.

The initial approach uses an initial guess with 45 points. But maybe using a different initial guess, like a more optimized structure, could help. Alternatively, maybe a different optimization strategy would lead to better results.

The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Perhaps using a different optimization method or adjusting the parameters could help. Also, the choice of starting points is important. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could escape local optima.

Another idea: the problem is similar to designing a sequence with certain autocorrelation properties. Maybe using a more structured approach, like a modular construction or a combination of periodic functions, could lead to better results. For example, using a combination of multiple pulse trains with different frequencies or duty cycles.

Wait, the previous code tried generating pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and sine functions. Maybe trying more complex shapes or combining them could yield a better solution. Also, the current code uses population-based methods like differential evolution, but perhaps using a genetic algorithm with a custom mutation operator might help explore the search space more effectively.

Another angle: the integral max_k ∫ h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx can be thought of as the maximum overlap. To minimize this, h should be such that the overlap with its shifted version is minimized for all shifts. This resembles the concept of a "balanced" function, where the overlap is minimized across all possible shifts.

What if I use a periodic function with certain symmetry? For example, a function that is composed of multiple pulses spaced in a way that their overlaps with shifted versions are minimized. Maybe using a more regular pattern than the initial guess.

Alternatively, using a Fourier-based approach. Since the problem involves convolutions, perhaps designing h to have a Fourier transform that cancels out certain frequencies, leading to lower overlap integrals.

But optimization in the frequency domain might be complex. Maybe a better approach is to use a hybrid method that combines several heuristics, like starting with a structured initial guess and then applying local optimization.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given. The code starts from that. Maybe refining that with a different optimization strategy could help. The previous code used SLSQP and DE. Maybe using a different method, like a more robust local optimizer, or perhaps a hybrid approach combining multiple steps.

Also, considering the time budget of 100 seconds, the code needs to be efficient. Maybe reducing the number of function evaluations by using better initial guesses or more efficient optimization methods.

Another thought: the problem is a constrained optimization. The constraint is that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. The previous code uses SLSQP with that constraint. Maybe using a different constraint formulation or adjusting the optimization parameters could improve convergence.

What about using a different initial guess? For example, instead of the initial_h_values, perhaps creating a custom starting point that's designed to have lower overlaps. For example, using a piecewise constant function with specific intervals where h is 1 or 0, arranged in a way that minimizes the overlap.

But how to design such a function? Maybe through trial and error, but that's not systematic. Alternatively, trying different patterns like spaced out pulses, or a more complex arrangement.

Another idea: since the max is over k, maybe the worst-case shift is when k is such that the overlap is maximized. For a periodic function with period T, the shifts that matter are those within a range of T. So designing h to have a certain periodicity could help.

Alternatively, using a combination of multiple periods, ensuring that the function's shape doesn't create large overlaps when shifted.

Perhaps trying to create a function that is constant on certain intervals, ensuring that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in such a way that the shifted overlaps are minimized.

But how to translate this into code? Maybe generating a function with specific intervals and then optimizing it.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated starting point. For instance, using a known solution for a similar problem and modifying it. However, the initial_h_values are provided, and we need to work with that.

Wait, the code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. But maybe generating a different initial guess could lead to better results. For example, using a more optimized starting point than the initial one.

Let me think about the initial code's approach. It generates a variety of functions: pulses, sawtooth, triangle, sine, and random. Then applies SLSQP and DE. Then refines with SLSQP again.

Maybe the key is to generate a better initial guess. For example, instead of just generating a few types of functions, perhaps generating more structured guesses based on known optimal structures for similar problems.

Alternatively, using a greedy approach: iteratively adding or removing parts of the function to reduce the maximum overlap.

But in code, that's difficult. Another idea is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a simulated annealing approach with a good cooling schedule, but that might be slower.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm (GA) with a custom fitness function. GA can explore a larger search space and might find better solutions. However, implementing GA in Python with scipy might be complex, but perhaps using the DE method with different parameters can help.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution (DE) with popsize=50, which is a bit large. Maybe reducing the popsize and increasing the number of iterations could be more efficient? Or using a different mutation and recombination strategy.

Another consideration: the function to optimize is the maximum of the correlation. The correlation is computed over the full mode, which for an array of length n_points gives a correlation of length 2n_points -1. But the maximum over k is the maximum value in that array. So the obj function is taking the maximum of that array.

But the DE and SLSQP methods are being called with that objective. Maybe there's a way to vectorize or optimize this function to make the evaluations faster, allowing more iterations within the budget.

But given that the code is already using these methods, perhaps the main issue is the initial guess and the optimization steps.

Another thought: the initial_h_values may not be the best starting point. If the initial guess is poor, the optimization might get stuck. So generating a better initial guess could be crucial. For example, using a more balanced function that already has lower overlap.

Alternatively, using a construction based on known optimal solutions for similar problems. For instance, for the Erdős problem, there might be known constructions that can be adapted.

Alternatively, using a more mathematical approach. For example, the optimal function h would satisfy certain properties. For instance, the function that minimizes the maximum overlap would have a Fourier transform that is zero at certain points, leading to minimal overlap. However, solving this analytically is non-trivial, so numerical optimization is needed.

Another idea: using a basis of functions, like piecewise linear or sinusoidal, and optimizing the coefficients. For example, representing h as a combination of basis functions and then optimizing the coefficients under the constraint. But this approach might be complex to implement and could be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, using a projection onto a subspace of functions that have certain properties, like being periodic or having low autocorrelation, then optimizing within that subspace.

But given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to stick with optimization methods and improve the initial guess generation and optimization steps.

So, to summarize, possible improvements:

1. Generate more diverse and better initial guesses. Instead of just pulses, sawtooth, etc., perhaps use more sophisticated shapes or composites.
2. Use different optimization methods or adjust parameters (e.g., more iterations, different methods like SLSQP with better settings).
3. Utilize more efficient evaluation of the objective function to allow more iterations within the budget.
4. Combine multiple optimization strategies (e.g., DE followed by SLSQP refinement).
5. Explore different structures for h, such as more regular patterns or specific designs that minimize the overlap.

Now, considering the code, how to implement these ideas?

For the initial guess, perhaps generate not just a few types but more combinations. For example, using different frequency combinations, or modulating the duty cycle.

But given the code already has some, maybe adding more.

Alternatively, using a more structured initial guess, like a piecewise function with specific intervals. For example, creating a function with multiple peaks spaced apart, ensuring that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Another idea: since the integral over [0,2] is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So the function h should be designed to have regions where it is high and regions where it is low, but balanced.

Wait, the average is 0.5, so the function is not too skewed. So, perhaps a function with high and low regions, but arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

But how to translate that into code? Maybe generating a starting h that's a combination of multiple pulses separated by a certain distance, ensuring that when shifted, the high regions don't overlap too much with the low regions.

For example, placing pulses at intervals where their shifts would not overlap with the complement.

But this requires some design.

Alternatively, using a more mathematical approach. The overlap integral is the correlation between h and 1-h. So, the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum cross-correlation between h and its complement. The cross-correlation function is what we're trying to minimize.

In signal processing, minimizing cross-correlation is related to designing a sequence with low autocorrelation. Maybe using known sequences with low autocorrelation, like Barker codes or other codes, and adapting them for this problem.

For example, a Barker code has autocorrelation properties that are small, but since we're dealing with cross-correlation between h and 1-h, perhaps a similar approach could be applied.

But translating that into a function h over [0,2] with n_points samples is not straightforward.

Another thought: since the function is over [0,2], which is twice the length of the unit interval. Maybe design h to be a piecewise function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, but arranged to minimize the overlaps when shifted.

For example, if the function is 1 on intervals of length 1/2 and 0 elsewhere, the overlap when shifted by 1 would be zero. But the average might not be 0.5. So need to adjust.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals length a and 0 on intervals length b, such that the integral is 1. Then adjust a and b to minimize the maximum overlap.

This is a simplified model. Let's think: suppose h is a periodic function with period 2, alternating between 1 and 0 in a certain pattern. For example, h(x) = 1 for x in [0, a], then 0 for [a, 2], and repeats. Then the overlap when shifted by k would depend on the overlap of the two regions.

But this is a very basic model. Maybe the optimal h has a more complex structure.

But for the sake of generating an initial guess, perhaps using such a simple structure could be a starting point.

In code, generating a function that's 1 on some intervals and 0 on others. For example, alternating between 1 and 0 every certain multiple of the interval. But this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, distributing the 1s and 0s evenly, but in a way that avoids overlaps when shifted.

But how to generate such a function algorithmically?

Another idea: the previous code uses a 45-point initial guess. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a better approximation, but the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. The current code uses 45, and the target is to find a better C5. So if increasing n_points can lead to a better C5, but the time budget is limited.

But the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. So perhaps stick to n_points around 50 or so.

Putting this together, I think the key is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization steps. So modifying the initial guess generation to include more structured patterns, and using a combination of different optimization techniques with refined parameters.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include various pulse, sawtooth, triangle, and sine functions, and random samples. Maybe adding more types of functions or varying parameters could help.

Additionally, the optimization steps can be refined. For example, after generating an initial guess, using a more efficient optimization method with more iterations or better convergence criteria.

Another thing to consider: the evaluation of the correlation. The code currently calculates it as np.correlate, which is O(n^2) for each evaluation. For large n_points, this could be slow. However, with n_points up to, say, 50, it's manageable. But with the budget of 100 seconds, the code needs to be efficient.

Perhaps precomputing the correlation values or optimizing the objective function to be faster would help. But in Python, np.correlate is already optimized, so maybe that's not a problem.

So, to implement this, here's what I can do:

1. Generate a more diverse set of initial guesses, including more structured functions.
2. Adjust the optimization parameters (number of iterations, tolerance) to allow better convergence.
3. Use a combination of different optimization methods (e.g., DE followed by SLSQP refinement).
4. Add more refinement steps to fine-tune the solution.

In the code, the initial guesses are generated with various functions. Maybe generating a few more functions, such as a combination of pulses and modulated functions.

Another thing: the current code uses differential evolution with a popsize of 50. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting mutation parameters could help. However, with the time budget, it's important to not spend too much time in the DE step.

To make this code as efficient as possible, maybe using DE with a smaller population and more iterations, then refining with SLSQP.

Also, in the previous code, the DE is run twice. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a better mutation strategy could help.

Another idea: using batches of initial guesses. For example, generating many different initial guesses, optimizing each with SLSQP, and then selecting the best.

But with the given time constraints, it's important to not spend too much time on initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method after getting a good initial guess. The SLSQP method is based on gradients, which can converge quickly if the initial guess is good.

So, the plan is to:

- Generate a better set of initial guesses, possibly combining different structured functions and random points.
- Use differential evolution to explore the search space, then refine using SLSQP.
- Add more refinement steps with SLSQP to further optimize the solution.
- Monitor time consumption to ensure that the code finishes within the budget.

Now, translating this into code modifications.

First, generating more initial guesses. The previous code uses:

- initial_h_values
- various pulses, saw, triangle, sine, and random functions.

Maybe adding more structured guesses. For example, generating a function that is a combination of different pulse trains with varying frequencies and duty cycles. Or generating a function that is a modified version of the initial_h_values.

Alternatively, creating a function that is a superposition of multiple sinusoids.

Another approach is to use a more mathematical structure. For example, a function that is a square wave with specific characteristics.

But how to generate these in code?

For example, generate a function with multiple pulses: create a function that has multiple segments where h is 1 and others 0, with spacing between them. This could be done by generating a certain number of pulses with specific positions and widths.

Alternatively, using a permutation of the initial guess to create different patterns.

But given that the initial_h_values are already provided, perhaps using them as a base and modifying them.

But the code is allowed to use the initial_h_values directly, so the initial guess is already part of the process.

So, perhaps expanding the initial guesses to include more types. For example, adding more sine waves with different frequencies or phases, or combining multiple waveforms.

In the previous code, the guesses include:

- initial_h_values
- pulses with various frequencies and duties
- sawtooth and triangle waves
- sine waves with phases and duties
- random samples

Maybe adding more sine functions with different parameters, or other waveforms.

Another idea: using a function that is a combination of two or three waveforms, such as a pulse plus a sine wave, to create a more complex shape.

But this may complicate the code, but given the time, it's worth trying.

Alternatively, generating more diverse random guesses. The previous code generates 5 random guesses. Maybe generating more.

But with time constraints, it's better to focus on improving the existing guesses.

So, modifying the code to generate more initial guesses. For example, adding more functions with different parameters.

Also, adjusting the DE parameters to have more iterations. For example, increasing maxiter from 30 to 50, but given the time budget, it's important to balance.

Another optimization: using a more efficient constraint handling. The current code uses a single equality constraint (sum(h) = target_sum) and applies SLSQP with that constraint.

But perhaps using the bounds more effectively, or modifying the objective function to be more sensitive to certain areas.

In the code, the 'obj' function is the maximum of the correlation. To make the optimization more effective, perhaps using a scaled objective function, or using a penalty method. But the current approach is already using constraints.

Another thing: the current code uses 'ftol' in the optimization settings. Maybe adjusting the tolerances to get better convergence.

Also, in the refinement steps, the code runs SLSQP for 400 iterations. Perhaps increasing this number could help, but again depends on time.

Given all this, here's a plan for the code:

- Generate a diverse set of initial guesses, including the initial_h_values, various waveforms, and random samples.
- Use differential evolution with a reasonable number of iterations to explore the search space.
- Refine the best guesses using SLSQP with more iterations.
- Ensure that the code completes within the budget by monitoring the elapsed time and stopping early if needed.

To implement this in code, I'll adjust the initial guesses to include more structured functions. For example, generating more sine and triangle waves with different parameters.

Additionally, tweaking the DE parameters to allow more iterations while keeping the budget in check.

Now, writing the code accordingly.

The code will:

1. Use the initial_h_values as one of the initial guesses.
2. Generate additional guesses with different waveforms, possibly with varying frequencies, phases, and duty cycles.
3. Apply differential evolution with a moderate number of iterations.
4. Refine the best solution using SLSQP with more iterations.
5. Ensure that the code exits early if time is running out.

This approach should lead to a better initial guess and a more refined solution, potentially lowering the C5 bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_sine(freq, phase, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x + phase)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 8):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.4))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.4))
    for phase in np.linspace(0, 2 * np.pi, 5):
        guesses.append(gen_sine(3, phase, 0.6))
    for _ in range(4):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=40, maxiter=30,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 450, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```