<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and our goal is to get lower than that, like 0.380876 or better. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization methods, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, let me understand the problem again. The task is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum of the overlap integral. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x) times (1 - h(x + k)) over x. The maximum of these integrals across all k is our C₅. So, we need to minimize this maximum value.

The previous code starts from an initial construction and uses SLSQP and DE to optimize. But perhaps there's a more efficient way. Maybe I can think about symmetry or specific patterns that can help distribute the function h in a way that minimizes overlaps.

One approach could be to use a more structured initial guess. The initial_h_values are given, but maybe starting from a different structure could lead to better results. For example, using a periodic pattern or balancing the function such that overlaps are minimized.

Another idea is to use a combination of different functions. For instance, a sinusoidal or triangular wave with specific parameters might lead to better distribution. The previous code tried generating pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves, but maybe adjusting the frequencies or duty cycles could yield better results.

Alternatively, perhaps using a greedy approach where we iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap. Or maybe using a genetic algorithm with more effective mutation strategies.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution and SLSQP. Differential evolution is a global optimization method, but maybe with a better population size or mutation parameters. Also, the SLSQP refinement might be too slow, so perhaps switching to another method or using a smarter initial guess.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of shifted overlaps, perhaps we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we aim to minimize the maximum integral. However, since the maximum is over all shifts k, it's challenging to handle directly. Maybe using a variational approach or Lagrange multipliers, but that might be complex.

Let me think about the constraints. The integral of h over [0,2] is 1. The function h is a step function with samples. So maybe the challenge is to arrange the steps so that when we shift them, the overlap is minimized.

Another possible approach is to use a more symmetric pattern. For example, placing the function h in such a way that it's evenly distributed in time, so that overlapping with shifts is less. Like a staggered or interleaved pattern.

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of different pulse widths and positions. For instance, a piecewise constant function with varying widths, but ensuring that no two pulses are too close when shifted.

But how to translate these ideas into code?

The previous code tried generating various pulse and triangle waves. Maybe I can try different frequency ranges or duty cycles. Also, the initial guess might be suboptimal, so starting from a different structure could help.

Another idea is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a gradient-based method with more effective steps, or using a hybrid approach that combines different optimizers.

Wait, the code uses SLSQP and DE. DE can be slow for high-dimensional problems. With n_points up to 1000, it's manageable, but perhaps adjusting the parameters for DE could help. Also, maybe using a lower number of points to speed up the optimization, as suggested in the problem statement.

The problem statement says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred because they are faster. The initial_h_values have 45 points. Maybe reducing the number of points could allow for more thorough optimization within the time budget.

Alternatively, maybe increasing the number of points could allow for more precise optimization, but that would take more time. So there's a trade-off between the number of points and the time budget.

Another thought: the overlap integral can be considered as a convolution. The maximum of the convolution of h with (1 - h) is what we need to minimize. Convolution-based optimization might have some structure we can exploit.

Wait, the previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which is equivalent to convolution. But perhaps there's a way to model this more effectively.

Let me think about what the current code does. It starts with initial_h_values, then uses SLSQP and DE to optimize. The DE runs for a few iterations, then SLSQP refines. The problem with this approach is that it might get stuck in local minima, especially if the initial guess isn't good enough.

So, perhaps I can try a different initial guess. For example, instead of using the initial_h_values, maybe generating a more optimal starting point. Like a uniform distribution, but adjusted for the integral constraint.

Wait, the initial_h_values are provided when a parent construction exists. Since the user says to use it directly if available, I should not modify it. But if the parent construction is not provided, I need to create a starting vector. But the problem says that the function is called with no arguments, so the initial_h_values are available, right? So the code should use initial_h_values as the starting point.

But maybe the initial construction isn't the optimal. So perhaps trying different initial structures. For example, using a different pattern as the initial guess. However, the user says that the initial_h_values are provided, so maybe that's the one to start with.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps it's helpful to consider that for each shift k, the integral is h convolved with (1 - h) shifted by k. So, the maximum over all k. To minimize this maximum, perhaps the function h should be designed so that the overlap is as uniform as possible.

This resembles the concept of a "balanced" function, where the distribution of h is spread out so that overlapping with shifts doesn't create large peaks.

This might involve using functions with high symmetry or periodicity. For example, a function that's a combination of multiple pulses spaced out in a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

But how to construct such a function algorithmically? Maybe using a sequence of pulses placed at regular intervals, but with varying widths.

Alternatively, using a function that is piecewise constant, with values 0 and 1, placed in such a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

Another approach is to use a set of intervals where the function h is 1, arranged such that each interval is spaced apart from the others by some distance. However, this is similar to the concept of a "binary" step function, but the problem allows h to take values between 0 and 1, not just binary.

Wait, the problem says that h is a step function. So maybe it's allowed to have varying values between 0 and 1, not necessarily binary steps. But the initial code uses a step function with samples at discrete points, so each h[i] is a sample.

So, perhaps the key is to find a configuration where the function h has regions where it's 1 and regions where it's 0, but arranged such that overlapping with shifts doesn't create large integrals.

But how to model this? Maybe using a more structured optimization where the individual h values are adjusted based on their positions and the shifts.

Alternatively, use a coordinate descent approach: for each sample point, adjust h[i] to reduce the maximum overlap integral.

But this might be too vague. Let's think about the code structure.

The previous code uses differential evolution and SLSQP methods. Maybe the problem with that approach is that it's too slow or not exploring enough of the search space. Alternatively, the initial guess might not be sufficient.

Another idea: instead of using a random initial guess, use a better one. For example, generate a function that is a combination of many small pulses placed evenly across the interval [0, 2]. This would help distribute the function and reduce overlaps.

But how to generate such a function? For example, if we divide the interval into equal parts and have small pulses in each part. However, the exact positioning would need to be optimized.

Alternatively, using a function with a uniform distribution of 1's, but with some variation to avoid overlaps. But this is a bit vague.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps using a method that directly targets reducing the maximum, such as a local search that moves points to decrease the maximum integral. For example, for each point, check if increasing or decreasing h[i] would reduce the maximum integral.

But how to implement this efficiently. Maybe using a gradient-based method or a more heuristic approach.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm to evolve the h function. The genetic algorithm could represent the h values as a population, and evolve them by mutation and crossover to minimize the objective function.

But for the code to run in under 100 seconds, the genetic algorithm would need to be efficient. However, the previous code uses DE, which is similar to genetic algorithms but with a different approach.

Perhaps the previous code could be improved by using a different optimization strategy. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can be more efficient in finding good solutions.

But implementing Bayesian optimization would require additional libraries, which might not be allowed as per the constraints.

Alternatively, optimizing the parameters of the existing methods. For example, in the previous code, the DE has a popsize of 100, maxiter of 80, mutation parameters, etc. Maybe adjusting these parameters could lead to better results.

Another thought: the problem has a constraint that the integral of h is 1. So, the sum of the h values multiplied by dx equals 1. With dx = 2.0 / n_points. So, sum(h) should be equal to n_points / 2. So, the function is normalized.

The current code uses SLSQP with constraints. However, the constraint is only on the sum of h. It's possible that adding other constraints could help, but that might complicate things.

Alternatively, the code could consider more parameters in the optimization, like ensuring that the function has certain properties (e.g., being piecewise constant with certain step sizes), but this might not be necessary.

Another idea: since the overlap integral involves the function h(x) and 1 - h(x + k), maybe the optimal h function has a high degree of symmetry. For example, if h is symmetric around the midpoint of the interval, then shifts might have symmetrical properties that could be exploited.

But how to enforce symmetry in the code. Perhaps by generating the function in such a way that h(x) = h(2 - x), which would make it symmetric. This could potentially reduce the maximum overlap.

But again, how to implement this. Maybe generating h such that each sample at position i is mirrored at position n_points - i - 1. This would require that the function is symmetric, which could be a helpful constraint.

So, modifying the initial guess to have symmetry might lead to better results. The previous code doesn't enforce symmetry, but perhaps adding it could help.

But the initial_h_values may not be symmetric. However, the problem states that the user should not modify the initial_h_values, so perhaps the initial guess is symmetric or not. If the initial guess is not symmetric, then it's possible that a symmetric version would be better.

However, in the absence of knowing the initial_h_values, we can assume that we should not modify it. So perhaps we should not enforce symmetry unless the initial guess allows it.

Another angle: the problem is similar to designing a function that minimizes the maximum convolution with another function. This is akin to a basis pursuit problem or a sparse approximation problem. But how to apply that here.

Alternatively, thinking in terms of Fourier transforms. The convolution theorem states that the Fourier transform of the convolution is the product of the Fourier transforms. So, perhaps the maximum overlap integral can be analyzed in the frequency domain.

But since the function is real and periodic (well, over [0,2]), its Fourier transform would have certain properties. However, since we're dealing with the maximum over shifts, it's not clear how to directly apply Fourier analysis here.

But maybe the maximum value of the convolution is related to the maximum of the product of their Fourier transforms. However, I'm not sure.

Alternatively, considering that the integral ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx is the same as ∫ h(x) - h(x)h(x + k) dx. The first term is the integral of h, which is 1. So, the overlap integral is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, the maximum overlap integral is 1 - min_k ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Wait, no. Wait: the original problem defines C5 as the maximum over k of ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. Which is equal to ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x+k) dx. Since ∫ h(x) dx = 1, this becomes 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. So maximizing this is equivalent to minimizing ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, our goal is to minimize the maximum value of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx over all k. 

Ah! That's an important transformation. So instead of maximizing the overlap integral, we can focus on minimizing the integral of the product h(x)h(x +k) for each shift k. So, for every k, this integral is the correlation of h with itself at shift k. Hence, the problem is to find a function h that has minimal maximum self-correlation when shifted by any k. This is similar to the concept of a "sequence with low autocorrelation", which is a well-known problem in signal processing and coding theory. 

In this context, we're looking for a binary sequence (or a binary-like function) with the smallest possible maximum autocorrelation. However, our function h is not binary but can take values between 0 and 1, which may allow for better performance. 

This insight might lead us to use techniques from low autocorrelation sequences. For example, using a set of positions where h is 1 and 0, arranged such that the overlaps are minimized. For instance, using a set of positions that are spaced evenly, or using a Barker-like sequence, which has minimal autocorrelation. However, Barker codes are typically binary and have very low autocorrelation, but they are limited in length.

Given that our function is allowed to take values between 0 and 1, perhaps we can use a more continuous approach. For example, instead of a binary sequence, we can use a function that has a certain level of "spread" across the interval, so that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

This suggests that using a function with a uniform distribution of values, or a function that is spread out in a way that each shift doesn't overlap much with the original function.

But how to translate this into code. Maybe by using a more uniform distribution of the function h, and then optimizing it further.

Another idea: Use a function that consists of a set of intervals where h is 1, spaced in such a way that their shifted versions don't overlap much. For example, if we have multiple intervals, each of length l, spaced out by d, such that the distance between intervals is large enough to minimize overlapping. However, the exact positions and lengths of these intervals would need to be optimized.

But this is similar to the problem of placing intervals to minimize some overlap metric, which could be modeled as an optimization problem. However, with discrete samples, it's challenging to model this.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal function is a periodic function with a certain frequency, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint. For example, a triangular wave with a certain duty cycle.

Wait, the previous code tried generating triangular and sawtooth waves with different frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe experimenting with more parameters in this area could lead to better results. For instance, trying higher frequencies or adjusting the duty cycle to better spread the function.

But how to determine which parameters to use. Perhaps using a grid search over possible frequencies and duty cycles, but that would be time-consuming.

Another thought: since the problem is to minimize the maximum autocorrelation, perhaps using a function that has a flat Fourier transform, meaning that it's spread out in the frequency domain, leading to minimal peaks in the autocorrelation. This is a common approach in signal processing to reduce autocorrelation. For example, using a sinc function or a window function like the Blackman window. However, the function must be real and normalized to integrate to 1 over [0, 2].

But the sinc function is not compactly supported, and the Blackman window is a finite impulse response. Implementing such a function would require choosing a window that meets the integral constraint and is spread out in time.

Alternatively, using a piecewise linear function that approximates a sinc function, but this might be complicated to code.

Another idea: use a random permutation of values, ensuring that the integral is met. But this is similar to the random guess approach, which may not be efficient.

Given all these ideas, the approach to take would be to start from the initial_h_values, use a combination of optimization methods, and possibly explore different initial guesses or structures to avoid local minima.

The previous code uses differential evolution and SLSQP. However, the DE might not be sufficient. Maybe using a different optimization method or improving the parameters of the existing ones.

One possible improvement is to use the initial guess and apply a more efficient local optimization. For example, after finding a candidate solution with DE, using SLSQP to refine it. But perhaps the initial guess can be improved with a better construction.

Alternatively, instead of starting with the initial_h_values, generate a different initial guess based on a structured pattern, such as a sine wave or a periodic function. For example, a function that oscillates between 0 and 1 with a certain frequency, ensuring that the integral is 1. This could help in distributing the values more evenly.

Another possible approach is to use a hybrid optimization strategy: first, use a global optimization method like differential evolution to find a good candidate solution, then apply a local refinement with SLSQP or another method. This allows the algorithm to explore the search space more broadly before fine-tuning the solution.

Additionally, adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution, such as the population size, mutation factor, and recombination rate, could lead to better exploration of the solution space. For example, increasing the population size might allow for a more thorough search, but at the cost of computational time. However, given the time budget, this needs to be balanced carefully.

Also, the previous code uses the same initial guess for all optimization steps. Perhaps exploring multiple different initial guesses could yield better results. For example, generating multiple initial patterns based on different frequencies and duty cycles, then optimizing each of them, and selecting the best result.

Another consideration is the number of points. The initial_h_values have 45 points. Perhaps reducing the number of points to a smaller number, like 30 or 40, could allow for more efficient optimization within the time budget. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, so this might be a viable approach.

But the user's previous code used n_points = 45. Maybe the initial_h_values are already at that number, and reducing further might not help. However, experimenting with different n_points could be useful.

Putting this all together, here's a revised strategy for the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Use a combination of optimization methods: first a global optimization technique (like differential evolution) to find a good candidate, then a local optimization method (like SLSQP) to refine the solution.
3. Generate additional initial guesses based on structured patterns (e.g., sine waves, sawtooth, triangle waves) to avoid getting stuck in local minima.
4. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods to improve their efficiency and effectiveness.
5. Implement a way to refine the solution further with additional iterations of the optimization.

In code, this would involve:

- Defining various initial guesses (structured patterns) to start the optimization process.
- Applying the differential evolution to explore the solution space and find candidates.
- Using SLSQP to refine the best candidates found.
- Ensuring that the optimization stops within the time budget, returning the best solution found.

Additionally, considering the time constraint, the code needs to be optimized to run efficiently. This includes using efficient optimization methods, limiting the number of iterations, and pruning the search space appropriately.

Therefore, the revised code would likely include:

- A generator for structured initial guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, triangle).
- Use of differential evolution for exploration.
- Use of SLSQP for refinement.
- Applying multiple initial guesses and selecting the best result.
- Adjusting parameters for DE and SLSQP to balance exploration and exploitation.

The previous code already tried some of these steps, but perhaps with different parameters or additional initial guesses. By refining the parameters and exploring more initial patterns, it's possible to improve the result.

Another possible improvement is to use a more robust optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method (constrained optimization by linear approximation) which handles bounds and constraints efficiently, or a Newton-CG method if the problem is smooth. However, this may require more careful implementation.

In summary, the main steps for the code are:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as the base.
2. Generate additional initial guesses based on structured patterns.
3. Use differential evolution to explore the solution space, then refine with SLSQP.
4. Apply multiple rounds of refinement to improve the solution.
5. Ensure that the optimization is efficient and converges within the time budget.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * (x - 1))
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 8):
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-8)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(8):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```