<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the goal is to get lower than 0.380876. The previous approach used a combination of different initial guesses and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe I can do better by changing the strategy.

First, I should think about the problem again. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is essentially the maximum of the correlation between h and 1-h over all shifts k. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1.

The previous code uses a fixed initial guess and then tries different pulse and sawtooth wave patterns, along with random guesses. But perhaps there's a better way to generate initial guesses. Maybe using more structured patterns or different waveforms could lead to better results.

Also, the optimization methods used (SLSQP and differential evolution) might be too slow or not effective enough given the time budget. Maybe switching to a different optimization approach, like a genetic algorithm or a different local search method, could help. But since the code is supposed to run within 100 seconds, I need to balance between exploration and exploitation.

Another thought: the current approach uses a lot of different initial guesses, but maybe it's better to focus on a smaller set of promising patterns. For example, using more symmetrical or periodic functions, or perhaps a combination of different shapes that can spread out the mass of h to minimize overlaps.

Wait, the problem requires the function h to be a step function with n_samples points. So perhaps using a grid-based approach where the function is defined by the positions of the steps. Maybe using a regular pattern with certain periodicity could be useful. For example, a periodic function with period 1, but adjusted for the interval [0, 2].

Alternatively, maybe the current best solution (initial_h_values) is close to the optimal, and the key is to perform a more refined optimization on it. The previous code does some refinement steps using SLSQP, but maybe increasing the number of iterations or using more sophisticated techniques could help.

Another idea is to use a gradient-based method with a better initial guess. However, the objective function is non-smooth due to the max operation, which might make gradients unreliable. So maybe using a smoothing technique or a differentiable approximation could help, but that might complicate things.

Wait, the previous code uses the correlation directly. The correlation of h and 1-h is calculated as numpy.correlate, which gives the full mode. However, the maximum over all k would be the maximum of these values multiplied by dx. So the objective is to minimize that maximum value.

So perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the maximum over k? Or maybe using some analytical methods to find the optimal h?

Alternatively, considering the problem as a covering problem, where the function h is trying to cover the interval [0, 2] in a way that when shifted, the overlap with the complement is minimized. This is similar to some problems in signal processing or optimal design, where you want to arrange the function to have minimal overlap with its shifted versions.

Another approach could be to model this as a quadratic optimization problem. But with the constraints on the integral and the binary values, it's not straightforward. Maybe relaxing the problem and using convex optimization, but again, the max operation complicates things.

Wait, the previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution. Differential evolution is a global optimization method that can escape local optima, but it's computationally expensive. Maybe reducing the number of iterations or using a better population size could help. Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where differential evolution is used for exploration and then SLSQP for refinement.

But given the time constraints, maybe it's better to focus on a different initial guess. For example, instead of generating random guesses, maybe using a more structured initial configuration. For example, arranging the steps in such a way that they are spaced out as much as possible to minimize overlaps.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given as a starting point. If the current best is 0.381142, perhaps the key is to perturb that initial guess and perform a more thorough local search. However, the previous code already does some refinement steps. Maybe using a better optimization method or adjusting the parameters for SLSQP and differential evolution.

Alternatively, maybe the current method isn't exploring the search space effectively. For instance, the previous code uses 10 random guesses, but perhaps generating more structured guesses could lead to better results. For example, generating functions with different frequencies and duty cycles, but with a more systematic approach.

Wait, the current code includes generating pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more types of waves, such as square waves or other periodic functions, could help. However, the parameters for these functions might be limited.

Alternatively, using a different kind of optimization, such as a genetic algorithm. However, in Python, the scipy.optimize library doesn't include genetic algorithms, but there's a DE (differential evolution) method. Wait, the previous code already uses differential evolution, so maybe that's already covered.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points). If the current initial_h_values has n_points=45, but maybe using a larger n_points (like 100) could allow for a more precise function, but the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred (less than 1k samples). However, with the given time budget, maybe increasing n_points could be too slow. So the previous code uses n_points=45, which is acceptable.

Wait, the problem says that the current best is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and the goal is to find something that shows C₅ ≤ 0.380876. So the target is to go lower than that. The previous code's result was 0.381142, which is slightly higher than the current best. So the previous attempt is not sufficient, and a better approach is needed.

Let me think about the possible improvements:

1. Changing the initial guess: Maybe starting with a different initial configuration. The initial_h_values is provided, but perhaps generating other initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, using more structured patterns like alternating high and low values, or some other non-uniform distribution.

2. Optimizing the objective function more effectively: Perhaps using better optimization algorithms or adjusting their parameters. For example, using the SLSQP method with more iterations, or using a combination of methods.

3. Using more advanced optimization techniques: For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which might be more efficient in finding the minimum. However, implementing Bayesian optimization in scipy could be complex.

Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) method. But again, scipy doesn't have that built-in. Maybe using a different approach.

Another angle: the overlap integral for a given shift k can be expressed as the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum over all k, the function h should be designed such that for any shift, the overlap is as small as possible. This is similar to the problem of designing a function that is as non-periodic as possible, to avoid overlaps.

One possible structure for h is to have it consist of multiple "blocks" where h is high in certain regions and low elsewhere. The challenge is to arrange these blocks so that when shifted, they don't overlap with their complement.

Another idea is to use a step function that divides the interval [0, 2] into segments with alternating high and low values. For example, if the function is high in some intervals and low in others, arranged in such a way that shifting it by a certain amount would cause the high regions to align with the low regions of the complement.

But how to formalize this? Maybe considering the function as a combination of pulses that are spaced apart. For instance, placing the high regions of h at points that are spaced in a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

Alternatively, using a periodic function with a certain period. For example, if h is a periodic function with period T, then the overlap for shifts k that are multiples of T would be easier to control. But since the interval is [0, 2], the period should be chosen accordingly.

But how to determine the optimal parameters for such a function? It might require some trial and error, but given the time constraints, perhaps using a combination of structured guesses and optimization is the way to go.

Now, considering the code structure. The previous code uses several different initial guesses and then applies optimization. Maybe enhancing that by:

- Generating more varied initial guesses.

- Using more advanced optimization techniques.

But perhaps the main issue is the lack of diversity in the initial guesses. For example, generating different frequency and duty cycle combinations for the functions like pulses and sawtooth.

Another point: the current code uses a fixed n_points (45), but maybe experimenting with different numbers of points could lead to better results. However, the problem prefers smaller n_points, so perhaps 45 is acceptable.

Alternatively, maybe the current initial_h_values is not the best starting point, and generating another initial guess with a different structure could lead to a better result. For instance, using a more regular pattern of high and low values.

Wait, another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution has h taking values of 0 or 1 almost everywhere (a binary function). However, the constraints require that the integral is 1. So if the function is binary, it would have to be a set of intervals where it's 1, summed to 1. However, the correlation might be minimized when the binary set is arranged in a way that avoids overlaps when shifted.

But the problem allows h to be any step function, not necessarily binary. So maybe allowing some intermediate values can lead to better results. However, the previous code uses numerical optimizations to find such functions.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal function is a binary function, and the previous code's non-binary approach is not capturing that. But how to check that?

But given that the current best is achieved with a non-binary function, maybe that's not the case.

Another thought: the previous code uses scipy's optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe using a different method, such as COBYLA, could be more effective for the constraints. Let me check: COBYLA is for bound constraints and can handle equality constraints, so it's suitable here.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations and better tolerances.

Another possible improvement: precompute the correlation values for different shifts, and use this information to guide the optimization. But that's part of the objective function.

Alternatively, instead of maximizing the correlation, use a surrogate function that's easier to optimize. However, that's more complex.

Another angle: since the current code already does a lot of optimization steps, perhaps the problem lies in the initial guesses. Maybe the initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, including more pulse waves with different frequencies, or other structured functions.

Wait, in the previous code, the guesses include:

- gen_pulses with frequencies from 3 to 9.

- gen_saw with duties 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5.

- gen_triangle with same duties.

- 10 random guesses.

But maybe adding more guesses, or different types of functions, could help. For example, using a combination of multiple pulses, or a more complex waveform.

Alternatively, using functions that have different shapes, such as rectangular pulses, triangular pulses, and other regular patterns.

Wait, the previous code defines gen_pulses, gen_saw, and gen_triangle functions. Perhaps generating more different patterns, like square waves, or other periodic functions, could help. Or maybe generating functions with different modulation types, such as modulated square waves.

Alternatively, trying to use a function that is high in intervals arranged to avoid overlaps when shifted. For example, placing the high intervals spaced apart by a certain distance.

But how to generate such a function algorithmically?

Another idea: for each sample point, decide whether to set h[i] to a certain value based on a periodic pattern. For example, using a sine wave or cosine wave to modulate the h values. But this is similar to the previous functions.

Another possible optimization: instead of using the initial_h_values as the starting point, maybe generating a different initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values is provided, but if not, the code should create a starting vector. However, the problem says that initial_h_values is available, so we should use it.

But perhaps the initial_h_values is not the best starting point. What if we modify it slightly or generate a different initial guess that is based on the current best?

Alternatively, maybe the code should perform more refinement steps on the initial guess. For instance, using more iterations of the refinement process, or using a better optimization method for the refinement.

So, putting it all together, the plan is to:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.

2. Generate a variety of additional initial guesses, including different waveforms.

3. Use differential evolution and SLSQP to explore and refine the solution.

4. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods to improve convergence.

5. Perform multiple refinement steps to fine-tune the solution.

But how to implement this in code?

Looking back at the previous code:

The code uses a list of guesses, then for each guess, runs SLSQP optimization. Then uses differential evolution to generate new guesses, and runs SLSQP again, then does more refinement steps with SLSQP.

Perhaps adding more guesses, such as different waveforms, or more structured patterns, could lead to better results. Also, adjusting the number of iterations and the parameters for the optimization methods might help.

Additionally, maybe the code can be optimized by removing some of the steps that are not contributing, or by finding a balance between exploration and exploitation.

Now, considering the time budget, 100 seconds. The previous code uses differential evolution with a certain number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution or using a better population size could help, but it's possible that it's already within the budget.

Another thought: the previous code uses the same n_points throughout. What if varying the n_points could lead to better results? For example, trying with n_points=50, or 60, but the problem says smaller sequences are preferred. However, if the current initial_h_values is for n_points=45, changing it might not be allowed, but the code can create a new starting vector. However, the problem states that if initial_h_values is available, it should be used directly.

Another idea: maybe using a different representation for h. For example, instead of using a step function with samples, model the function as a piecewise constant function with certain intervals. However, the problem requires the function to be represented as samples, so that's not directly applicable.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the correlation. The current code uses numpy.correlate, which might not be the most efficient or accurate way. But for the purpose of the problem, it's probably acceptable.

Now, considering the code's structure, the previous code has several steps:

- Defines the objective function and constraints.

- Generates various initial guesses.

- Optimizes each guess using SLSQP.

- Performs differential evolution to generate new guesses.

- Refines the best solution through multiple SLSQP steps.

Maybe the key is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization steps.

Another possible improvement is to use a more sophisticated method for generating initial guesses. For example, using a grid search over different parameters, or generating patterns based on mathematical models.

But given the time constraints, it's better to focus on adjusting the existing code's parameters and initial guesses.

For example, in the previous code, the guesses include gen_pulses with frequencies from 3 to 9. Maybe increasing the range of frequencies or adding more functions like square waves could help.

Alternatively, modify the gen_pulses function to include more parameters, or use other modulation techniques.

But how to implement that quickly?

Alternatively, using different random seeds for the random guesses to explore more diverse solutions.

Wait, in the previous code, the random guesses are generated by taking a random array, normalizing it, and scaling to the required sum. That might not be very effective. Maybe generating random guesses with a different approach, such as placing pulses randomly.

But again, the code's current approach is sufficient for the previous performance.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds, which is a local optimizer, but maybe with a better initial guess it can converge faster.

Alternatively, using the 'COBYLA' method, which is suitable for problems with bounds and equality constraints.

But the SLSQP method is already used, so maybe the code can be adjusted to use other methods.

Now, considering the code's structure, perhaps the main issue is the diversity of the initial guesses. The code generates a list of guesses based on certain waves and random guesses, but maybe adding more initial guesses with different parameters could help.

Another possible idea: the current code uses a lot of functions, but perhaps some of them are redundant. For example, the triangle wave and sawtooth wave might produce similar shapes, leading to redundant guesses. However, it's possible that varying the duty cycle and frequency could lead to different shapes.

Alternatively, generating more frequencies for the pulses and sawtooth waves.

Additionally, the code uses a fixed number of guesses (like 10 random guesses, plus some structured ones). Maybe increasing the number of guesses could help, but at the cost of computation time.

But given that the previous code is already within the 100 seconds, perhaps it's better to focus on adjusting parameters and exploration strategies.

So, the revised plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

- Generate more diverse initial guesses, including different waveforms and parameters.

- Use differential evolution with more iterations, or better settings.

- Use more refinement steps with SLSQP.

- Possibly switch to a different optimization method for some steps.

But how to implement this in code?

Let me outline the steps in the code.

First, the code starts by taking the initial_h_values. Then, it defines the objective function as the maximum of the correlation, multiplied by dx. The constraints are that the sum of h is target_sum (n_points / 2).

Then, the code generates various guesses, including pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random guesses. For each guess, it runs SLSQP optimization. Then, it uses differential evolution to generate new guesses and run SLSQP again. Then, it does more refinement steps.

The previous code uses DE with a population size of 100 and 50 iterations. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help. However, this would take more time.

Alternatively, reducing the population size to save time and focus on high-quality guesses.

Another idea: the code could use a combination of different optimization methods. For example, running DE for a certain number of steps and then using SLSQP for refinement. This is what the code already does.

Another possible adjustment: using a tighter tolerance in the optimization parameters. For example, setting ftol to a smaller value in the SLSQP options.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using the differential evolution first, and then using SLSQP for refinement.

Another idea: the code could use a better initial guess for the differential evolution. For instance, starting with the best_h from the SLSQP steps.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the correlation. For example, precomputing the correlation for different shifts and using that information to guide the optimization.

But that might not be feasible without significant changes.

Another thought: the current code uses np.correlate with 'full' mode, which returns the full cross-correlation. However, the maximum overlap is over all possible shifts k. For the interval [0, 2], the shift k can vary from -2 to 2. However, the code may not be correctly considering all possible shifts. Wait, in the code, the correlation is computed as the full mode, which for a function of length n_points, the full mode correlation is of length 2n_points - 1. For each k, the shift is from - (n_points - 1) to n_points - 1. However, the original problem defines k as any real number such that the overlap is computed. But since h is a step function with n_points samples, the correlation in the code may not correctly represent the actual overlap for all possible shifts. This could be a problem, as the code is approximating the correlation over discrete shifts, not the continuous ones. However, given that the function is a step function, the discrete correlation may be sufficient as an approximation, but this could lead to suboptimal results.

Ah, this might be a critical issue. The code uses numpy.correlate with mode='full', which computes the cross-correlation between the array h and 1-h. However, this computes the discrete correlation at shifts that correspond to the grid points. For example, if the array has length N, the full mode gives N + M - 1 points, where M is the length of the second array (same as h here). But when you compute the overlap integral, you need to integrate over all shifts k. However, in the discrete case, the code is evaluating the correlation at discrete shifts, which might not accurately reflect the continuous case.

This could lead to an incorrect estimation of the maximum overlap. For example, the maximum correlation might be achieved at a shift that's not captured by the discrete steps. This is a significant problem, and the current code's approach may be flawed.

So, the correlation as computed by numpy.correlate is not the same as the continuous overlap integral. To properly approximate the continuous integral, the code needs to sample the discrete shifts more densely, which may require a larger n_points. However, the problem states that smaller n_points are preferred.

This is a potential source of error in the current approach, and it might explain why the previous code isn't achieving the desired bound. To address this, maybe the code should use a different method to approximate the overlap integral.

An alternative approach is to compute the maximum integral over all k by considering the convolution of h and 1-h, but that's similar to the correlation. However, the exact computation of the maximum value is challenging.

Alternatively, the code can approximate the maximum overlap by evaluating the correlation at a large number of discrete shifts, ensuring that the continuous maximum is well-approximated. This could require using a larger n_points or increasing the number of shifts considered. But given the time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Another idea: since the problem involves integrating over the continuous interval, perhaps using a more accurate numerical integration method for the overlap integral. However, the current code uses the numpy.correlate function, which may not be suitable for this purpose.

This could be a critical flaw in the previous approach. Therefore, the first step to improve the code is to properly compute the overlap integral. How can this be done?

Let me think: For a given h and shift k, the overlap integral is the integral over x in [0, 2] of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. However, x + k may exceed the interval [0, 2]. So the integral is from x where x >= 0 and x + k <= 2. Wait, no. The integral is over the entire domain, and the overlap depends on the overlap of the supports of h and 1-h.

Wait, the integral is over x in [0, 2], and h(x) is defined on [0, 2], but when you shift h by k, the function 1-h(x + k) is defined for x in [0, 2 -k]. For k >0, the x +k exceeds 2 when x > 2 -k, so the integral would be over x from 0 to 2 -k, and for x beyond that, 1-h(x+k) is zero. Similarly, for k < 0, the integral is over x where x +k ≥ 0.

This makes the overlap integral non-trivial to compute, as it depends on the overlap of the regions where h and 1-h are non-zero.

But given that h is a step function with samples, the code must approximate this integral. Perhaps the current code's approach is incorrect, and the way the correlation is computed doesn't take into account the proper limits for x.

This might be a major issue. For example, when the code uses numpy.correlate with mode='full', it returns the correlation at shifts that are not restricted to the [0, 2] interval. However, the actual overlap integral is over x in [0, 2], so the correct correlation should only consider the overlap of the support of h(x) and 1-h(x +k). This is a significant complication.

Therefore, the code's approach to compute the overlap integral using numpy.correlate is incorrect. To properly approximate the max overlap, the code needs to evaluate the integral for all possible k values where x is within [0, 2], and the x +k is within [0, 2].

This would require a different approach to compute the overlap. Perhaps, instead of using the correlation, we can calculate for each possible shift k, the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) over x in [0, 2], taking into account the overlapping regions.

But how to do this efficiently? Given that the function h is a step function, the integral can be computed by determining the intervals where h(x) and 1-h(x +k) are both non-zero.

This seems computationally intensive, but for each shift k, we can compute the area of overlap. However, with the current code's approach, this isn't being done properly.

Therefore, the main problem with the previous code is that it uses an incorrect method to calculate the overlap integral. This explains why the result isn't reaching the desired bound. To improve the result, the code needs to correctly compute the overlap integral.

But given the time constraints and the need for an efficient method, how can this be done?

One approach is to adjust the way the correlation is computed. For example, instead of using the full correlation, compute the correlation only over the valid shifts where the x +k is within [0, 2].

This requires calculating the valid shifts and computing the integral accordingly. For example, for each displacement k, the integral is over x in [0, 2 -k] when k ≥0, and x in [k, 2] when k <0. However, calculating this for every possible k is not feasible directly.

Alternatively, considering that the step function is defined on a grid, we can precompute for each possible shift k (in terms of grid points), the overlap integral. But this would depend on the number of grid points and the choice of shifts.

This seems too complex for an efficient code, but given the problem's requirements, it's necessary.

An alternative idea is to use a different integral estimation technique. For example, for the step function h defined on n_points samples, the function can be represented as a piecewise-constant function. The integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) dx can be computed by considering each segment where the function h is constant, and then integrating over those segments.

However, this would require determining the values of h and (1 - h(x +k)) over each segment, which is computationally intensive but feasible.

But how to efficiently compute this for all possible k?

This seems challenging, and given the time constraints, perhaps the previous code's approach is not accurate enough, leading to suboptimal results.

To address this, perhaps the code should be modified to compute the correct overlap integral, which would require a change in how the objective function is defined.

But how?

An alternative is to approximate the maximum overlap by sampling k at grid points that correspond to the spacing of the samples. For example, if the samples are spaced at dx = 2 / n_points, then shifting by k = m*dx for m in integer steps. For each possible m, compute the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx, and take the maximum over all m.

This would approximate the continuous maximum. However, this method might miss some critical shifts, but with a sufficient number of samples, it could be accurate enough.

In this case, the code would need to calculate the overlap for each possible k = m * dx, where m ranges from -n_points + 1 to n_points -1. For each such k, compute the overlap integral.

However, computing this integral for each k would require integrating over the overlapping regions of h and 1-h(x +k). This is feasible for a step function.

For example, for a given k, the overlap integral can be computed by iterating over each interval where h is constant and calculating the contribution to the integral. However, this might be computationally intensive for large n_points.

But given that the previous code uses a relatively small n_points (like 45), this might be manageable.

So, to correctly calculate the objective function, the code should:

1. For each possible shift k (in terms of the grid points), compute the overlap integral.

2. Take the maximum value over all these k's.

This would give a more accurate approximation of the continuous maximum.

So, how to implement this?

First, define the grid points as x_i = i * dx for i in 0 to n_points - 1.

For a given k, which is an integer multiple of dx (since the samples are on a discrete grid), the shifted function 1-h(x +k) would have support where x +k is within [0, 2], i.e., x is within [ -k, 2 -k ]. But since x is in [0, 2], the actual valid range for x is max(0, -k) to min(2, 2 -k). This depends on k.

However, k is a displacement in continuous units. But since the code's samples are discrete, perhaps the code should consider k as a multiple of dx. For example, k = m * dx, where m is an integer.

This approach would require sampling the continuous space of k in steps of dx, ensuring that we cover all possible shifts that could lead to significant overlaps.

For each such k = m * dx, we can compute the overlap integral by iterating over all x in [0, 2], and for each x, evaluate h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)), then integrate over x. However, since the function is a step function, this integral can be computed as a sum over the grid points, multiplied by dx.

Wait, but the integral over x can be approximated by the sum of h(x_i) * (1 - h(x_i +k)) * dx for all x_i. However, this is the same as the correlation computed earlier, but only for certain k's. This suggests that the previous code's approach of using numpy.correlate with 'full' mode covers these cases, but might not be capturing the correct range of k's.

Alternatively, the code should compute the correlation for k values that correspond to the discrete grid shifts. This is what the numpy.correlate function does with mode='full', but the maximum value might be captured in that.

Therefore, perhaps the previous code's approach is correct, and the issue is not in the calculation of the objective function but in the initial guess or optimization method.

In that case, the code's main issue might be the optimization approach, and the way the initial guesses are generated.

Given that, perhaps the previous code's approach is generally correct, and the main challenge is to improve the optimization process.

Given the time limits, the code needs to be efficient, but the previous approach is already a combination of several optimization methods.

Thus, the main improvements could be:

1. Use a more diverse set of initial guesses, including more types of structured functions.

2. Use more sophisticated optimization methods with better parameters.

3. Increase the number of refinement steps.

4. Use a better starting point (initial_h_values) and refine it more thoroughly.

But the previous code already implements these aspects.

Another idea: the current code uses a lot of different initial guesses, but perhaps the best result comes from a particular type of waveform, like a pulse or a triangle wave. So, focusing on generating more of these and optimizing them might help.

Alternatively, the code could try to find a balance between different types of waves, such as a combination of a sawtooth and a pulse.

Another possibility is to use a more efficient optimization library, like using CVXPY with solvers like ECOS or SCS, which are designed for convex optimization. However, since the problem involves minimizing a non-convex objective function (due to the max), it's not straightforward.

But if the problem can be reformulated in a way that allows for convex optimization, that would be better. However, the max operation makes it non-convex.

Given the constraints, the best approach might be to refine the existing code, adjusting the parameters and expanding the set of initial guesses.

So, in the code, the following modifications could be made:

- Increase the number of initial guesses by generating more structured functions, such as square waves with different frequencies and duty cycles.

- Use different optimization parameters, like increasing the number of iterations or adjusting tolerances.

- Refine the best solution with more refinement steps.

- Use different initial guesses that are more likely to lead to better results.

For example, in the guesses, adding square waves generated from the gen_pulses function with duty cycle 0.5 (which creates a square wave).

Another possibility is to generate functions that are combinations of multiple pulses or other waveforms.

But implementing these changes would require modifying the code's guess generation.

In the previous code, the gen_pulses function is used with frequencies from 3 to 9, and duty cycle 0.5. Maybe adding more frequencies, or duty cycles, could help.

Additionally, the code could generate more guesses with different parameters, like varying the number of pulses.

Another idea is to generate a guess that is a uniform distribution of the function, but this is what the random guesses already do.

In conclusion, to improve the result, the code should:

- Generate a more diverse set of initial guesses, including more structured functions with different parameters.

- Use more rigorous optimization steps with better parameters.

- Refine the best solution for a longer time.

But given the code's structure, this would require modifying the guess generation and optimization parameters.

Now, translating these ideas into code changes.

For the guess generation, the previous code includes:

- for freq in range(3, 10): gen_pulses(freq, 0.5)

- for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]: gen_saw(3, duty)

- same for triangle.

Maybe expand the frequency range, add more duty cycles, and include other waveforms.

For example, adding gen_square, which is a square wave, or adding more frequencies.

Additionally, the random guesses can be generated more effectively, like by placing pulses at random positions.

But without significant changes, the code may not improve enough.

Another possibility is to optimize the code by using a different implementation for the objective function, perhaps precomputing certain parts.

Alternatively, the code could use the initial_h_values as the primary guess and perform extensive refinement around it.

In the previous code, the refinement steps are limited to 5 iterations. Increasing this number might help.

But the code is already doing that.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the refinement steps.

In the previous code, the refinement uses SLSQP. Maybe using a different method, like the BFGS method, which is suitable for smooth functions.

But given that the objective function has a max operation, it's not smooth, and gradients might be unreliable. However, if the optimization is in a region where the max is achieved at a single point, the gradient-based method could work.

But this is speculative.

Another idea: since the code is using numpy.correlate, which might be slow for large n_points, but with n_points=45, it's manageable.

Overall, the main changes to the code would be:

- Expand the guess generation to include more varied waveforms and parameters.

- Increase the number of iterations for the differential evolution and refinement steps.

- Use tighter tolerances in the optimization.

To implement these changes, I'll adjust the code accordingly.

In the guess generation, adding more frequencies and duty cycles for the pulse and other waveforms.

Also, using the initial_h_values as the starting point and running more intense optimization on it.

So, modifying the guesses section to generate more guesses.

For example:

- Add more frequencies for gen_pulses, like from 2 to 10.

- Add more duty cycles for sawtooth and triangle waves.

- Add square wave guesses, which are generated by depending on duty cycle.

This would increase the diversity of initial guesses.

Another change is to increase the number of refinement steps, allowing for more iterations of SLSQP.

Also, increasing the number of iterations for the differential evolution steps.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is run for 3 iterations. Increasing this to 5 or more might help.

Another adjustment is to use a better optimization method for the refinement steps.

But given the complexity, the code would need to be modified.

Putting it all together, the revised code would include:

- More initial guesses with varied parameters.

- Increased refinement steps.

- Adjustments to the optimization parameters.

These changes should lead to a better result.

Now, implementing this in code.

The code will start with the initial_h_values, generate more guesses, and optimize them with more iterations.

The final code would look like this.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(15):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(8):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```