<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876, so I need to get even lower. 

Let me start by understanding the problem better. The overlap integral is the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The function h is a step function on [0, 2], with integral 1. The challenge is to design h such that when you shift it by any k, the overlap is as small as possible.

The previous code uses a combination of different initial guesses (pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, random) and optimization algorithms like SLSQP and differential evolution. It also refines the solution with more iterations. The best C₅ was 0.381142, which is slightly higher than the target. So I need to find a better approach.

Hmm, maybe the previous approach is getting stuck in local optima. Perhaps I should try different initialization strategies or optimization techniques. Also, considering that the problem is about minimizing the maximum of several integrals, maybe using a different optimization method that can handle this better. For example, maybe a genetic algorithm could explore the solution space more effectively, but with limited time, maybe a more efficient local search is better.

Wait, the previous code uses DE (differential evolution) for some steps. Maybe I can improve that by adjusting the parameters. Also, the initial_h_values is given, so maybe starting from that is better than random guesses. But the previous code already uses that. However, maybe there's a way to improve the initial guess.

Another thought: the max over k can be challenging because it's a non-convex problem. Maybe I can use a more structured approach. For example, considering the function h as a set of intervals where it is 1 or 0, but since it's a step function, that's already the case. Wait, the step function has to be piecewise constant with values in [0,1]. So maybe there's a way to model this with a certain number of intervals or pulses.

Alternatively, maybe using a binary approach where h is 0 or 1, but with the integral constraint. But since the function is allowed to be in [0,1], perhaps allowing for more flexibility can lead to better results. 

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP and DE. Maybe using a hybrid approach where I first do a global search with DE to find a good candidate and then refine it with SLSQP. But the previous code already does this. Maybe increasing the number of DE iterations or adjusting parameters could help. 

Another idea: the maximum overlap occurs when the shift k is such that the regions where h(x) is 1 and 1 - h(x +k) is 1 (i.e., h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0) are maximized. So perhaps designing h to have overlapping regions minimized for all shifts. Maybe using a structure that repeats or has symmetries can help. For example, a function that is periodic or has certain regular intervals.

Wait, the initial_h_values might have a certain structure. Let me think: the initial_h_values is a starting point with n=45 samples. Maybe the previous code's approach is not sufficient because it's not exploring enough different structures. Maybe I need to generate more diverse initial guesses.

Alternatively, maybe using a more structured optimization. For instance, using a genetic algorithm where the individuals are the h vectors, and the fitness is the C₅ value. But with limited time, implementing a genetic algorithm might not be feasible due to the high computational cost.

Wait, the code has a lot of initial guesses generated with functions like gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, and random. Maybe adding more types of functions or varying parameters could lead to better initial candidates. For example, using different frequencies or duty cycles.

Wait, in the previous code, the frequency parameters for the pulses and sawtooth were fixed. Maybe trying different frequencies, like 4, 5, etc., could lead to better structures. Also, considering other waveforms or combining multiple waveforms.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be approached by considering the integral as a convolution. The integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx is equivalent to the convolution of h with (1 - h) evaluated at k. So the maximum over all k of this convolution. Therefore, the problem reduces to finding h that minimizes the maximum of the convolution, which is similar to a deconvolution problem.

Another approach is to use the Fourier transform. The convolution theorem says that the convolution in time domain is the product in frequency domain. So, perhaps analyzing the Fourier coefficients of h and (1 - h) could lead to some insights. But since we're dealing with a maximum over all shifts, this might not directly help, but it's an idea.

But given the time constraints, maybe focusing on optimization techniques is better. The previous code uses SLSQP and DE. Maybe using a more efficient optimization method, like a gradient-based method with better convergence properties. But how?

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be approximated by considering that the worst-case shift is when k is such that the overlap area is maximized. So, perhaps instead of optimizing for all shifts at once, it's better to find shifts that are more critical and focus the optimization on those.

But how to choose those shifts? That might be too complex. 

Another thought: the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts. For example, when the function h is shifted by half the length of the interval. Maybe the function should be designed to minimize the overlap at these specific shifts. So, perhaps, considering the function's structure to be symmetric or to have certain properties that counteract shifts.

Alternatively, since the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], the average value of h is 0.5. So perhaps designing h to have a more regular structure, like a periodic function with a certain period, but scaled to fit the interval [0,2].

Wait, maybe using a function that is 1 for a fraction of the interval and 0 otherwise. But then, the overlap would depend on the shift. Maybe using multiple intervals with different lengths. For example, a function that is 1 in several non-overlapping intervals, but since the total area is 1, the total length of those intervals would be 1 (since the integral is the sum of lengths multiplied by 1). But this is similar to the initial pulse wave approach. However, with multiple intervals, perhaps arranging them to minimize the maximum overlap.

But how to model this? For example, if h is 1 in intervals A, B, C, etc., then shifting by k would require that overlapping intervals lead to lower overlaps. However, this seems like a combinatorial problem, which might be difficult to optimize.

Alternatively, maybe using a more regular structure, like a triangular wave or a sine wave modulated by certain parameters. However, the previous code already tried some of these.

Another approach: since the previous code's best result is around 0.38, the target is 0.380876, so even a small improvement would be significant. What if we use a more refined optimization approach, perhaps with more accurate gradient information, or using a different initial guess that is closer to the optimal solution?

Alternatively, maybe using a different method for the optimization. For instance, using the COBYLA method which is suitable for bounded variables and can handle constraints. But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is also appropriate.

Wait, perhaps the problem is that the initial guesses are not sufficient. The previous code uses some generated functions but maybe not enough diversity. Let me think: the code generates pulses with frequencies 3 to 9, sawtooth with duty cycles, etc. Maybe adding more initial guesses, like different waveforms or combinations, could help.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal solution might have a certain number of pulses, perhaps the previous approach is not exploring enough structures. Maybe trying a different initial guess that is a binary function (0s and 1s) with certain properties. For example, a function that is 1 in certain intervals arranged to minimize overlaps.

But creating such a function manually could be tricky. However, using some heuristic to generate such intervals might be possible. For example, placing intervals such that they are spaced apart to minimize overlap when shifted.

Wait, but the function is allowed to be any step function, not just binary. So, perhaps allowing some overlapping intervals but with lower values could reduce the maximum overlap.

Another idea: since the integral is fixed, maybe using a function that is mostly 0.5 except for certain regions where it's higher or lower. This could lead to better trade-offs between the max overlap for different shifts.

But how to model this? It's a complex optimization problem.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous approach uses several initial guesses and iteratively refines them. Maybe adding more initial guesses, especially those that are more structured, such as combinations of pulses with different frequencies and positions, could lead to better results.

Alternatively, trying to use a more sophisticated optimization method. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach to find the optimal h. However, implementing that within the time and resource constraints might be challenging.

Alternatively, instead of using a fixed number of initial guesses, perhaps the code could generate a larger number of diverse initial configurations and then perform optimization on them. But with limited time, this could be computationally expensive.

Another possibility is to use a more efficient way to evaluate the C₅ value. The current code uses np.correlate, but maybe there's a way to compute the maximum over all shifts more efficiently. For example, using FFT-based convolution, which is faster. However, the current code uses the full mode of the correlate, which might not be necessary. Let me think: the convolution of h with 1 - h would give the overlap integrals for all shifts. The maximum of these values is what we need. So, using FFT to compute this convolution could be faster, especially for larger n_points.

But the previous code uses scipy's correlate, which is already efficient. Maybe the time constraint is not tight enough, so even with a larger n_points, the code could still run within the budget. However, the user prefers smaller n_points (less than 1k) for faster optimization.

Another idea: the previous code uses n_points = 45, which is the initial_h_values length. Perhaps trying a different n_points (like 80) could allow for more accurate optimization. Wait, but the code structure uses the initial_h_values, which is fixed. However, if the user allows changing n_points, but the problem says that the initial_h_values is given, so perhaps the code should use that n_points. But the previous code uses initial_h_values as the starting point, so changing n_points may not be allowed. However, the user's previous code may have used a certain n_points, and the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred.

Wait, the initial_h_values has length 45. The previous code uses that. But perhaps there are better results with a different n_points. However, the problem states that the initial_h_values is available, so the code should use that. So, perhaps sticking to that n_points is better.

Now, considering that the previous code's best result is 0.381142, which is a bit higher than the target. How can I improve this?

Maybe the optimization could be more thorough. The previous code uses multiple optimization steps with different initial guesses and methods. Perhaps adding more variations or tweaking the parameters of the optimization algorithms.

For example, adjusting the convergence criteria in SLSQP to be stricter, allowing for more iterations. Or using a different optimization method for the refinement steps.

Another thought: the maximum overlap occurs not only for certain k but could be determined by the worst-case overlapping regions. Perhaps focusing the optimization on certain k values that are most likely to be problematic. However, without knowing which k's are critical, this is challenging.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be approximated by considering the overlap for specific shifts, such as k=0.5, 1.0, etc., and ensuring that those are minimized. This would turn the problem into a constrained optimization where certain shifts are targeted. But this could be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, using a penalty method in the optimization, where the objective function is the maximum of the overlap integrals, which is non-differentiable. However, this would require the optimization algorithm to handle this, which might be difficult.

Another angle: since the function h is a step function, maybe using a binary representation (values 0 or 1) and then allowing some flexibility with the integral constraint. However, the integral constraint would require the total number of 1s to be 1/2 of the interval length (i.e., sum(h) = n_points / 2). This is similar to the previous approach but with harder constraints. But the previous code allows h[i] to be between 0 and 1, so maybe a continuous optimization is better.

Hmm. Maybe the previous code's approach is close, but needs more refinement. Let me think about how the code is structured. It starts with initial_h_values, then generates various guesses and optimizes them. Perhaps the problem is that the initial guesses are not sufficient, or the optimization steps are not thorough enough.

An idea: instead of using the same initial guesses for all iterations, generate more diverse initial guesses, especially those that are not generated by the previous waveforms. For example, using a random permutation of the initial_h_values, or other combinations.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess based on the existing initial_h_values. For example, modifying it by adding noise or applying transformations.

Wait, the code uses a gen_random() function to generate random initial guesses. Maybe generating more such random guesses could lead to better initial points for optimization.

But the previous code already generates some random guesses. Maybe increasing the number of random guesses could help. However, the code has a limited budget, so increasing the number might not be feasible.

Another possibility is to use a more efficient optimization method for the refinement steps. For example, using the COBYLA method which is suitable for bounds and constraints. Or perhaps using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients but can be effective in some cases.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP for refinement, which is a gradient-based method. Maybe switching to a different method for the refinement steps could yield better results. For example, using the COBYLA method, which is more robust to the constraints.

Also, the previous code uses differential evolution (DE) for some steps, but perhaps adjusting the parameters of DE could lead to better exploration. For example, using a smaller population size but more generations, or different mutation and recombination strategies.

Another idea: the code has a 'refine' function that applies SLSQP to the best_h after some steps. Perhaps applying multiple refinements with different optimization methods could lead to a better result. For example, first using SLSQP, then COBYLA, etc.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where the code first performs a global search with DE, then uses SLSQP for local refinement, and possibly other methods.

In terms of code structure, the previous code has several loops and guess generation. Maybe optimizing the code for speed, by reducing redundant calculations or using simpler functions for generating initial guesses.

Also, considering that the current code's best result is 0.381142, which is about 0.0003 above the target. Maybe a small tweak in the optimization process could bring it down. For instance, allowing more optimization iterations, or adjusting the tolerance parameters.

Another possibility is to use a more accurate evaluation of the overlap integral. For example, ensuring that the correlation is computed correctly and that the maximum is accurately captured. Perhaps there are numerical errors in the current approach that can be fixed.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to build on the previous code but make adjustments. For example, generating more initial guesses with different structures, using different optimization methods, and refining the optimization parameters.

So, the plan is:

1. Start with the initial_h_values and generate a larger set of diverse initial guesses, including more waveforms and random variations.
2. Use a combination of optimization methods (e.g., DE and SLSQP) with adjusted parameters.
3. Perform multiple refinement steps using different optimization methods to avoid local optima.
4. Ensure that the code is optimized for speed to stay within the budget.

Now, to implement this in code.

First, in the initial guess generation, the code generates pulses with frequencies 3 to 9. Perhaps expanding the frequency range to 4-10 or more would generate more diverse initial guesses. Also, adding more duty cycles or other waveforms.

But I need to keep the code within the line and character limits. So, generating more initial guesses might not be feasible, but adding some new functions like square waves or varying patterns could help.

Alternatively, using different pulse patterns and combining them.

Another change: in the previous code, when generating random guesses, the code does h = np.random.rand(n_points), then scales to target_sum. Maybe using a different random generation, like a uniform distribution or Cauchy-based, could lead to better initial points.

Alternatively, using Latin hypercube sampling for the initial guesses to cover the space better.

But with time and coding constraints, perhaps just increasing the number of random guesses and generating more structured guesses.

Another idea: using a genetic algorithm approach, where each individual is a vector h, evaluated by the C₅ value. The fittest individuals are selected for the next generation. But implementing a genetic algorithm within the time constraints may be too time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, using the initial_h_values and adding small perturbations to them.

Another thought: the previous code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess. Maybe this is the best starting point, but perhaps the code could generate a few variations of it.

Now, considering the code structure, the previous code already uses several initial guesses. To improve, perhaps:

- Expanding the frequency and duty cycle ranges in the generated guesses.
- Adding more waveform types, like square waves or more complex patterns.
- Using different methods to generate random guesses (e.g., creating more structured randomness).

Another aspect is the optimization parameters. For example, in the SLSQP method, the ftol is set to 1e-9. Maybe reducing this or increasing the maxiter could lead to better convergence. Or using a stricter convergence tolerance.

Additionally, in the differential evolution step, the parameters like mutation and recombination could be adjusted. For example, using a higher mutation factor to explore more of the solution space.

In the previous code, the DE is run for 50 iterations with a population size of 100. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the population size could help, but this might take more time.

Also, the code has multiple refinements with SLSQP. Perhaps increasing the number of refinements or applying different optimization methods during refinements.

Another idea: instead of using the same objective function (C₅) for all steps, maybe using a different surrogate function that is easier to optimize. However, this might not be feasible.

In summary, the improvements could involve:

- Generating more diverse initial guesses.
- Adjusting optimization parameters for better convergence.
- Using different optimization methods for various stages.
- Increasing the number of iterations in the optimization steps.
- Refining the initial guesses with more varied transformations.

Now, let's think about how to implement these changes in code. For example, in the previous code, the guesses are generated with frequencies from 3 to 9. Expanding that to 2-10 could provide more variety. Also, adding square waves or other patterns.

For the random guesses, perhaps generating a few more of them.

Another point is the use of the DE method. The current code runs DE for a few times, but maybe increasing the number of trials or adjusting the parameters.

Also, in the refinement steps, maybe using more iterations or different methods.

Considering all these, the code can be modified to generate more initial guesses, use different optimization methods, and adjust parameters for better convergence.

Now, considering the time budget of 100 seconds, the code must be efficient. So, balancing between exploration and exploitation is key.

Another possible adjustment is to increase the frequency of the initial guesses, for example, generating pulses with frequencies 2 to 10, and varying duty cycles.

Also, using more different waveforms, like square waves or combinations of pulses.

Finally, ensuring that the code is as compact as possible to fit within the character and line constraints.

Putting all this together, the code would generate more initial guesses, adjust the parameters of the optimization steps, and perform multiple refinements to achieve a better C₅ value.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.6))
    for _ in range(12):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=60,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 40:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(8):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```