<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous approach used a combination of genetic algorithms and local optimization with SLSQP, starting from a given initial_h_values. The goal is to get a lower C₅ value than 0.381142.

First, I should analyze the previous code. It starts with an initial guess and then uses different guess generation methods like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Then it applies SLSQP and differential evolution optimization. The code also refines the best solution with more SLSQP iterations.

But maybe this approach is getting stuck in local optima. Let's think of alternative strategies. Perhaps using a different optimization method, like Bayesian optimization or more advanced evolutionary algorithms. Also, maybe adjusting the initial guess or the way the random guesses are generated.

Another thought: the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap integral. This is a maximin problem. Maybe a better approach is to use a more global search method and then refine with local optimization. Also, considering that the current code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points=45), maybe using a different n_points could help. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, so maybe n_points around 100 could be better? Wait, but the initial_h_values have 45 points. Maybe trying a slightly higher number could allow better resolution. However, the previous code uses 45 points. Maybe increasing n_points could help but would require more computation time. Since the budget is 100 seconds, maybe keeping n_points around 100 or 150 is feasible.

Alternatively, perhaps the current approach is too slow. Let's think about how to speed things up. The previous code uses differential evolution with 50 population and 30 iterations, but maybe reducing the population size or number of iterations could save time. Also, the refine steps with SLSQP might be computationally heavy. Maybe combining different optimization strategies.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum correlation, maybe using a gradient-based method with a better initial guess. But the problem is non-convex, so gradient-based methods might struggle. So perhaps starting with better initial guesses is more important.

What's the initial_h_values? The user says to use it if available. The previous code starts from that, but maybe generating other initial guesses could help. For example, maybe using a more structured pattern like a combination of pulses with different frequencies and duty cycles, or some other waveforms. Also, considering symmetry in the problem could help.

Another approach: the overlap integral is the maximum of the convolution between h and 1-h. Since convolution is involved, maybe using Fourier analysis could help. But how? The problem requires minimizing the maximum value of the convolution. However, since convolution is involved, perhaps using some properties of Fourier transforms. But integrating this into optimization might be complex.

Alternatively, since the problem is a maximin, maybe we can use a Monte Carlo approach for the maximum, but that's not directly helpful. Wait, but the current code uses scipy.optimize, which may be limited in certain aspects.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations and population sizes. Maybe tuning these parameters could lead to better results. For example, adjusting the maximum number of iterations in differential evolution or the population size.

Also, the way the guesses are generated. For example, the previous code generates pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and sine waves with certain frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe adding more waveforms or varying parameters could lead to better initial guesses. For example, using more complex waveforms or varying the duty cycle more.

Wait, in the previous code, the gen_pulses function is generating a sine-based pulse train. Maybe generating other patterns like square waves, sawtooth, etc., but with different parameters. Also, perhaps using a more systematic way to generate the initial guesses, such as varying frequencies and duty cycles.

Another idea: since the overlap is the convolution, maybe the optimal h is a combination of pulses or steps that minimize the maximum overlap. Therefore, perhaps trying to create h with multiple alternating regions. For example, creating a pattern that has several steps, each separated by certain distances to avoid overlapping too much when shifted. But how to model this?

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with different mutation and crossover strategies, but the previous code uses differential evolution. Maybe trying a different evolutionary algorithm?

Alternatively, perhaps using a metaheuristic that combines different optimization steps, like using a global search method to find a good initial guess and then local optimization to refine it.

Another point: the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. However, SLSQP might not always find the optimal solution due to the non-convex nature of the problem. Maybe using a different method, like COBYLA, or another constrained optimization method, could be better. However, the user can use any scipy.optimize method, so perhaps trying different methods.

Also, in the previous code, the refinement step runs SLSQP multiple times, but maybe it's better to use a more aggressive refinement. Or, perhaps incorporating more aggressive steps in the initial optimization.

But the main problem is to find a better upper bound. Let's think of possible improvements. The current best is 0.38085. The target is to get lower than that. The previous code achieved 0.381142. So the new code needs to get lower.

So, perhaps the key is to generate better initial guesses. The previous code uses a few generated functions. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different patterns could help. For example, creating a set of initial h's that are randomized but with specific structures, such as periodic functions or patterns that are known to be good for similar problems.

Another idea: the current initial_h_values might be suboptimal. If we can generate a better initial guess, the optimization could find a better solution. For example, using a more efficient way to generate the initial h. For instance, using a pattern that's more evenly spread out, or with certain symmetry.

Alternatively, maybe using a different starting point. The user can use the initial_h_values, but maybe generating a different one. But the user says to use initial_h_values if available, so perhaps the current code starts from a given initial, but maybe that's not the best.

Wait, the user's previous code mentions that the initial_h_values is available. So perhaps the initial guess could be modified. But the code can't redefine it. So, the user has to work with the initial_h_values as given.

Another thought: the previous approach uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe combining differential evolution with other methods, like using a more efficient population-based method. Or, using a hybrid approach where differential evolution is used to explore the space, then SLSQP is used for local refinement.

But the main point is to find a better upper bound for C5. So, perhaps using a more efficient optimization strategy, or making the initial guesses more diverse.

Let me think about the code structure again. The current code starts with the initial_h_values, then generates several other guess functions (pulses, sawtooth, etc.), then applies SLSQP to each of them. Then uses differential evolution for some guesses, and then refines the best solution.

Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not sufficient to find a good solution. So perhaps generating more varied initial guesses. For example, adding more types of waveforms, or varying parameters like frequencies, phases, duty cycles.

Another idea: instead of generating random guesses, maybe use some structured patterns. For example, using a combination of square waves with different periods, or a set of pulses with randomized positions. But how to generate those?

Alternatively, using a more systematic approach to generate the initial guesses. For example, using a grid search over parameters for some waveforms. But that might be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, using an ensemble of different initial guesses, each with different structures, and then using optimization on each of them.

Another point: the previous code uses 45 points. Maybe trying with a higher number of points, like 100, could lead to better results. But that would require more computation time. Let's check the budget. The budget is 100 seconds. For 45 points, the code runs SLSQP and DE steps. If we increase n_points to 100, the computation could take longer. For example, differential evolution with 50 population and 30 iterations may take more time. So maybe it's better to stick to 45 points but optimize the code better.

Another idea: using different optimization methods. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds, which might be faster for some problems. Or using a combination of methods, like first using differential evolution to find a rough minimum, then using SLSQP for refinement.

Also, the constraints are that the integral of h is 1. So the sum of h must be n_points/2. The code enforces this via a constraint, which is correct.

Another thought: the previous code's objective function is the maximum of the correlation. The correlation is computed as np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the full convolution. However, since the original problem is over the interval [0, 2], and the convolution is computed as the overlap when shifting by k steps. The code multiplies by dx to get the integral. But ensuring that the correct k is considered. Wait, maybe the code's way of computing the maximum is not correct. Because when you do the convolution, the maximum value corresponds to the maximum overlap. But perhaps the code is not considering the correct range of shifts.

Wait, the original problem is to compute the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. The integral over x. But since h is defined over [0,2], shifting by k would mean that for each k, the overlap is over x in the intersection of [0,2] and [0,2 -k]. However, the code computes the full convolution, which may include some padding. But the way the code is written, the max is taken over the full correlation, but perhaps that's not the right approach.

Wait, the original problem is that the integral is over x where both x and x+k are in [0,2]. So the effective domain for x is [0, 2 -k], when k is in [0, 2]. So the maximum of the integral over k in [0, 2]. But the code uses the full convolution, which might be including the parts where the shift is beyond the domain. However, since the code uses the full correlation, and then multiplies by dx, maybe that's not correct. Wait, the np.correlate with mode 'full' returns a result of length 2n - 1. But the integral over x for each k is the overlap between h(x) and 1-h(x+k). So each k corresponds to a certain position in the correlation array.

But perhaps the code's way of taking the max over the correlation is not correct, as it considers all shifts, including those that might not be valid. For example, when k is larger than 2, the integral would be zero. But the code's approach seems to include those. However, the way the code is structured may not be correct.

Wait, the problem is to compute for all real numbers k, the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. However, the function h is defined on [0, 2], so for x + k to be in [0, 2], k must be in [-x, 2 -x] for each x. So the effective domain of k is such that for each x, k is within some interval. However, integrating over all k would be tricky. But perhaps the problem is equivalent to k in [-2, 2], but the code is considering shifts up to certain points.

But in the code, the correlation is computed for all shifts. For example, for a fixed h, the correlation with (1 - h) would give for each shift the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + shift)) dx. However, the full convolution includes shifts where the overlap is zero, so the maximum of this would be the maximum over all shifts. But the code seems to take the maximum of all those values, which is correct.

Alternatively, maybe the code is not properly handling the boundaries. For example, when the shift is large, the overlap integral might be zero, but the code would include those in the maximum. However, the maximum would naturally pick the maximum over all k, including those where the integral is zero, but since we are minimizing the maximum, the code would correctly consider those.

So, perhaps the code is correct in this aspect. So the main issue is with the optimization process.

In the previous code, the initial guesses are varied, but maybe adding more types of waveforms would help. For example, adding some irregular patterns or patterns with more complex structures.

Another idea: the code uses several guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles. For example, generating pulses, sawtooth, etc. Maybe adding more of these, with different parameters, could generate better initial guesses.

Alternatively, perhaps the code could use a more varied set of initial guesses, such as using different combinations of waveforms, or more randomized initial guesses.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed pattern for the initial guess. Maybe generating a different initial guess with a more optimal structure could be better. However, the user can't redefine the initial_h_values, so the initial guess must be the one provided.

So, perhaps the code should focus on optimizing the initial guess given. But how? Maybe trying different optimization strategies on the initial guess to find a better one.

Alternatively, perhaps the code could use a different approach, such as using a genetic algorithm with a better mutation and crossover strategy, or using a more efficient evolutionary algorithm.

But since the code is constrained to 100 seconds, and the user has to return the best solution within that time, the approach must be efficient.

Let me think about the code structure again. The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and DE. Maybe switching to a different optimization method could be better. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach with a surrogate model. However, the scipy.optimize library doesn't have a direct implementation of Bayesian optimization, but perhaps using the BayesianOptimization package. However, since the user can only use scipy, numpy, and other mentioned libraries, maybe that's not feasible.

Another option is to use the 'COBYLA' method, which handles bounds and constraints. But how would that compare to SLSQP? Not sure.

Alternatively, using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method, which doesn't require gradients. But this might not be as effective.

Another idea: the code could use a more aggressive exploration of the search space. For example, increasing the number of generations in the differential evolution, or using more sophisticated parameters. However, the budget is limited.

Perhaps the main issue is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough, leading to the code getting stuck in local minima. To address this, the code could generate more varied initial guesses, such as using more types of functions or varying parameters more.

For example, adding more pulse trains with different frequencies and duty cycles, or using different combinations of waveforms. Also, using more random initialization with different structures.

Furthermore, the previous code uses a fixed number of guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could lead to better exploration. However, this would require more time, which might be within the budget.

Another thought: the code uses the SLSQP method with a high number of iterations (300), but for some cases, this could be overkill. Maybe reducing the number of iterations and relying on the DE to find a good starting point.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: starting with DE for global exploration, then SLSQP for local refinement.

Another idea: the code uses the same initial guesses for all steps, but perhaps generating more initial guesses dynamically could help. For example, using a random perturbation of the initial guess, or using a Latin hypercube sampling approach for the initial guesses.

But given the time constraints, it's important to make the code as efficient as possible.

Let me think about the code's structure again. The previous code has several steps:

1. Start with an initial guess.
2. Generate several other guesses using different waveform functions.
3. For each guess, run SLSQP optimization.
4. Run DE with some guesses.
5. Refine the best solution with further SLSQP steps.

Perhaps the key is to improve the initial guesses and the way the SLSQP and DE are used. For example, generating more initial guesses, and using different optimization strategies for them.

Let me think about how to generate more initial guesses. The previous code uses pulses, sawtooth, triangle, sine waves. Maybe adding more waveforms, such as square waves, or combinations thereof.

Alternatively, generating random patterns with certain properties. For example, creating a h that has a certain number of pulses or steps that are spread out to avoid overlaps.

Another idea: using a greedy approach to build the h function. For example, starting with a uniform distribution and then adding pulses where the overlap is minimized. But this is more of a heuristic and might not be easy to implement in code.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal function h is likely to have certain symmetry or periodic structures. Perhaps generating functions with certain symmetries could lead to better results.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to include more varied initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters, and perhaps try different optimization methods.

Another idea: the current code uses SLSQP with ftol=1e-10, which is quite small. Maybe increasing ftol could allow the optimization to find a better solution faster. However, this is a trade-off between precision and speed.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with different settings. For example, using more iterations or changing the tolerance.

Also, the code's refine step runs SLSQP multiple times. Maybe modifying the refine step to use a different method or parameters.

Another thought: the problem is similar to finding a function h that minimizes the maximum correlation with 1-h over all shifts. This resembles a problem in signal processing and could be approached using techniques from that field. However, integrating those into the code might require significant changes.

In summary, the key improvements could be:

1. Generating more diverse initial guesses.
2. Adjusting the optimization parameters to allow for better exploration.
3. Using different optimization methods for different stages.
4. Adjusting the way the DE and SLSQP are applied (e.g., more population size, more iterations).
5. Using a better initial guess or a more informed starting point.

Given that the user wants a code that can be written within the constraints, I'll proceed to modify the previous code to incorporate these ideas. For example, generating a larger number of initial guesses, using more varied waveform functions, and optimizing the parameters for SLSQP and DE.

For example, in the previous code, the guesses are generated with a few frequencies and parameters. I can increase the number of guesses by adding more frequencies, different duty cycles, and different waveform types. Also, adding more random guesses could help.

Additionally, adjusting the number of iterations in DE and SLSQP to balance between exploration and exploitation.

Another key change could be to use a more efficient way to generate the initial guesses. For example, using a function that generates random pulses with certain constraints, or random mixed waveforms.

But since the code must be concise and fit within the token limit, I'll focus on modifying the existing code to include more initial guesses and adjust the optimization steps.

Here's the plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Generate a larger set of initial guesses with different waveforms and parameters.
- Use differential evolution with a slightly larger population size and more iterations.
- Apply SLSQP with more iterations and relaxed tolerances for faster convergence.
- Perform multiple refinements with SLSQP to fine-tune the solution.

Now, implementing these changes in code, making sure that it's efficient and stays within the time budget.

So, the new code would:

- Generate more initial guesses by adding more waveform types and parameters.
- Use DE with a slightly larger population size and more iterations.
- Use SLSQP with more iterations and possibly relaxed tolerance.
- Perform multiple refinements.

Another consideration is that the previous code uses the same initial_guesses for all steps, but if the initial guess is not good, the optimization may struggle. Thus, generating more diverse guesses is important.

In the new code, I'll include more generated guesses, such as square waves, more sine waves with varying phases, and other pulse patterns.

Also, the code can use more generations in the DE step to allow for more exploration.

But given the time budget, it's important to balance the steps. For example, using a larger population in DE and a reasonable number of iterations.

Now, writing the code with these ideas in mind. The key is to generate a variety of initial guesses, use both DE and SLSQP for optimization, and refine the best solution multiple times.

I'll also make sure to keep the code concise, within the token limit, and efficient.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_sine(freq, phase, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x + phase)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 5, 7]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.4))
    for phase in np.linspace(0, 2*np.pi, 5):
        guesses.append(gen_sine(3, phase, 0.6))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=40, maxiter=30,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```