<think>
Okay, so I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős constant C₅ by finding a better step function h that minimizes the overlap integral. The current record is around 0.38085, and the target is even lower, like 0.380876. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k. The overlap integral is calculated as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since we're dealing with step functions, maybe there's a way to structure the function to have minimal overlap when shifted.

The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution for optimization. But maybe there's a better approach. Let me consider the constraints. The function h must integrate to 1 over [0,2], which is equivalent to sum(h) = n_points / 2. So, the function needs to have a certain density.

The initial_h_values is given as a starting point with 45 samples. Maybe using that as a base is a good idea, but perhaps varying the structure could lead to better results. Maybe using more structured patterns, like overlapping pulses or certain waveforms, could help.

Wait, the current code tries different waveform generators like pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random guesses. But perhaps using a more mathematical approach, like Fourier analysis or considering the convolution used in the overlap integral, could lead to better optimization.

Alternatively, since the overlap integral is equivalent to the convolution of h and 1 - h, the maximum value over all shifts. So, maybe the problem can be transformed into finding a function h such that its convolution with (1 - h) has a minimal maximum value.

But how to optimize this? Maybe using gradient-based methods or more advanced optimization techniques. However, the previous approach used SLSQP and differential evolution, which might not be sufficient.

Another idea: the overlap integral is maximized when the two functions h and 1 - h overlap as much as possible. So, to minimize this maximum, h should be designed to avoid overlapping with itself when shifted. This might suggest a sparse or periodic structure.

Wait, maybe using a function with high symmetry or specific periodicity could help. For example, a function that is a combination of pulses spaced apart so that shifting it doesn't cause significant overlap. But how to model that?

Alternatively, considering that the integral over the entire interval is 1, so the function h can't be too concentrated. Maybe distributing the mass of h in a way that when shifted, the product with 1 - h is minimized.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum, perhaps we can use a branch-and-bound approach or a more efficient optimization strategy. But with the time budget of 100 seconds, it's challenging.

The previous code uses several guesses: pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Maybe trying more structured patterns or combining different patterns could lead to better results.

Let me also think about the constraints. The function h is a step function, so it's piecewise constant. So, perhaps the optimal solution is a step function with certain intervals set to 1 or 0. But how to find those intervals?

Alternatively, thinking of this as a covering problem. The function h needs to have regions where it's 1 and 0 in such a way that shifting it doesn't cause too much overlap with the complementary regions.

Another angle: the Erdős problem is related to the covering number. The minimal maximum overlap is connected to how well the function h can "cover" the space when shifted, avoiding overlaps with its complement.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem?

Perhaps the key is to model the convolution more effectively. The maximum of the convolution corresponds to the maximum overlap. To minimize this, the function h should be chosen such that when shifted, the product h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) is as small as possible for all k.

This seems similar to designing a function with a certain property of minimal self-overlap. Maybe using a function that is a combination of two or more intervals, each avoiding overlap when shifted.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to a two-coloring problem in intervals. Maybe using a periodic structure with specific periods that prevent overlap.

But how to translate this into code?

The current code uses several generators, perhaps I can expand that. For example, generating functions with specific frequencies or duty cycles. Maybe trying more complex patterns, like modulated pulses or using multiple frequencies.

Wait, the current code uses gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, and random guesses. What if I try other shapes, like square waves with different duty cycles, or functions that are combinations of these?

Another idea: since the function is over [0,2], perhaps a symmetric function could be beneficial. So, designing h such that it's symmetric around 1.0 in some way, or has symmetry in its structure to minimize overlap when shifted.

Alternatively, optimizing using more advanced techniques. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, which can get stuck in local minima. Maybe using a combination of global and local search methods.

Wait, the current code uses DE for some guesses and then SLSQP for refining. But maybe using a better global search method, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, could help escape local minima.

But with time constraints, perhaps trying different parameter sweeps for the existing methods. For example, increasing the number of initial guesses, adjusting the mutation rates in DE, or changing the constraints.

Another thought: the current code uses the initial_h_values but maybe modifying it by introducing more structure. For example, the initial_h_values might be a certain pattern that could be further optimized.

Alternatively, thinking of the problem as an optimization problem where we need to find h that minimizes the maximum over k of the overlap. This is a minimax problem, which can be challenging. So, perhaps the objective function is non-convex and requires careful handling.

Another approach is to use a grid search over possible h configurations, but that's computationally expensive. However, with the time budget, maybe a smarter grid search with fewer points but better heuristics.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the parameter space more efficiently. But that might require more complex code.

Wait, the previous code's main loop tries several initial guesses, applies DE, then SLSQP. But maybe adding more types of initial guesses, like combinations of pulses or varying frequencies, could help.

Also, the current code uses a fixed number of points. Maybe trying different n_points. Since the problem allows for smaller sequences, perhaps using n_points that are multiples of certain values (like 45, 60, 90) could allow for more structured designs.

But the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, so perhaps sticking with 45 samples but trying to improve the structure.

Another idea: the overlap integral can be rewritten. Let me think about the integral ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx. For each k, this is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. But since h is a step function, this depends on how the intervals of h(x) and h(x + k) overlap.

So, to minimize this for all k, we need that for any shift, the overlapping regions between h and 1 - h are as small as possible. This is similar to designing h such that the overlap with its shifted version is minimized.

So, if h is designed to have disjoint intervals when shifted, that would be ideal. However, the area of h must be 1, so there's a balance between how much the intervals are spread out.

Perhaps designing h as multiple pulses that are spaced apart enough that shifting them by certain amounts doesn't cause significant overlap.

For example, if h has two large pulses that are separated by some distance, but then when shifted, the shift k would cause the pulses to overlap with the complement. Hmm, not sure.

Alternatively, maybe a function that is periodic with a certain period, such that shifts by multiples of the period do not cause overlap.

But how to model that in code?

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of certain structures, like a square wave with specific parameters.

But perhaps the previous approach is already using such structures. Maybe the key is to optimize the parameters of those structures more effectively.

For example, the gen_pulses function generates a pulse train with a given frequency and duty cycle. Maybe varying the frequency and duty cycle could lead to better results. Similarly for the gen_saw and gen_triangle functions.

Another idea: the current code does not use the fact that the integral over all shifts is related to the Fourier transform. Perhaps using frequency domain analysis to find a function with minimal self-overlap.

But integrating this into the code could be complex. However, maybe the maximum overlap corresponds to certain Fourier components, so optimizing those could help.

Alternatively, considering the problem as an optimization over the choice of h's intervals. Since h is a step function, maybe modeling h as a set of intervals where it is 1 or 0. Then, the overlap integral depends on how these intervals are positioned.

But with n_points being up to, say, 45, this could be too computationally intensive.

Another angle: since the previous best is around 0.38085, maybe the current code's best result is close to that. How can we push it further?

Perhaps by using more iterations of optimization, but within the time budget. Also, maybe using a different optimization method for the refinement steps. For instance, using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method for some steps.

Alternatively, using a combination of different optimization methods. For example, starting with a global search and then refining with a local method.

Also, adjusting the parameters of the existing optimization steps. For example, increasing the number of iterations, changing the tolerance, or adjusting the mutation rates in differential evolution.

Another possibility is to use a different initial guess. The initial_h_values might be a local minimum, so generating other initial guesses could lead to better results.

Moreover, the current code uses a fixed set of initial guesses, but perhaps generating more diverse guesses, such as varying frequencies and duty cycles, could help.

Also, considering that the optimal solution might have a certain symmetry. For instance, a function that is symmetric around 1.0, or has certain patterns that repeat.

In code terms, the current approach uses gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, and random guesses. Maybe trying more complex patterns, like combining multiple waveforms or using a more refined pulse train.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of a sawtooth and a pulse to create a more complex structure.

But how to implement that? Perhaps generating functions by combining the existing generators.

Another idea: the problem is similar to the covering problem, where you want to cover the interval [0,2] with h(x) such that when shifted, the overlap with 1 - h(x+k) is minimized. This is akin to placing intervals of h(x) in a way that their shifted versions don't overlap much with the complement.

So, maybe the optimal solution involves placing the intervals of h(x) such that when shifted by certain amounts, they avoid the regions where h(x) is 1. This could resemble a periodic or aperiodic tiling pattern.

But again, how to model this in code?

Perhaps the key is to find a balance between the number of intervals and their spacing. For example, having more intervals but spaced far apart to minimize overlap when shifted.

Alternatively, using intervals that are arranged in a way that avoids overlap for all possible shifts.

But given the constraints on the integral, this might not be possible. Thus, the challenge is to find a balance between the number of intervals and their placement.

Another thought: the maximum overlap occurs at shifts that align the intervals of h(x) with the complement regions. Therefore, the function h should be structured so that for any shift k, the overlap is as small as possible.

This sounds like a problem that could be approached with a greedy algorithm, but with the complexity of the integral, it's not straightforward.

Back to the code. The previous code uses SLSQP for refining, which is a local optimization method. Maybe using a more global approach for the initial guesses, then refining with SLSQP.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different initial points, and keeping track of the best result.

Another idea: instead of generating initial guesses with fixed frequency and duty cycle, perhaps sample a range of parameters for the generators, leading to a more comprehensive search.

For example, for the gen_pulses function, instead of using frequencies from 3 to 9, sample more frequencies, or vary duty cycles in a finer grid.

But with time constraints, this could be too slow. So, perhaps the current approach is already sufficient, but with some adjustments to the hyperparameters.

Another possible improvement is to increase the number of DE iterations, but within the time budget. For example, running more iterations of differential evolution with a population size that is manageable.

Alternatively, using more efficient methods for the DE steps, such as adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Another angle: since the problem is equivalent to finding a function that minimizes the maximum of the convolution, maybe using a programming approach that models the convolution as a matrix and then optimizing the function to minimize the maximum value.

But this would require a large matrix and may not be feasible with the time constraints.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap corresponds to a certain k, perhaps focusing the optimization on that particular k. But this seems challenging.

In conclusion, to improve upon the previous code, perhaps the following steps can be taken:

1. Generate a wider variety of initial guesses, including more complex waveforms and different parameters.
2. Adjust the hyperparameters of the optimization methods (like mutation rates, population sizes, etc.) to improve the search.
3. Use a combination of global and local search methods to explore the parameter space more thoroughly.
4. Refine the optimization by increasing the number of iterations and adjusting the tolerances for convergence.
5. Consider different structures for the function h, such as combining waveforms or using more sophisticated patterns.

Now, translating these thoughts into code changes. Let's think about modifying the previous code.

First, expanding the initial guesses. For gen_pulses, maybe try a wider range of frequencies and duty cycles. Also, try combining different generators. For example, create a function that is the sum of two pulses with different frequencies.

Alternatively, use a more systematic way to generate the initial guesses, such as varying parameters in a grid.

But with the time budget, it's important to keep the code efficient. Perhaps generating a few more guesses with different parameters.

Another idea is to use a more efficient optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method for some of the initial guesses.

Alternatively, adjusting the DE parameters in the code. For instance, increasing the number of iterations, or using a more aggressive mutation strategy.

Also, in the current code, after the DE steps, there are several refinement steps using SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of refinement iterations could help.

Another thing: the objective function is the maximum of the convolution. Calculating the convolution for all k could be time-consuming. However, the code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which might be efficient enough.

Another possible optimization is to precompute the convolution values and track the maximum. But that's what the code is already doing.

Hmm. Let me think about the current code's structure. It starts with the initial_h_values, then generates several initial guesses. Then, it uses SLSQP on each guess and improves the best solution. Then does DE for some steps, and then further refinement with SLSQP.

Perhaps adding more DE runs or modifying the parameters of DE could help. Also, changing the initial guesses to include more structured functions.

Alternatively, using the current initial_h_values as a base and trying to perturb it in certain ways.

Another possible approach is to use a more advanced optimization library, like using the 'scipy.optimize' with different methods, but I think the current code uses enough methods.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points=45). Maybe testing with n_points=60 or n_points=30, which are smaller but allow for more structured designs. However, the problem states that smaller n_points are preferred. Let's check the initial_h_values: the user says that the previous code used 45 samples. So, perhaps n_points=45 is acceptable.

In conclusion, to improve upon the existing code, I can try:

- Generating more diverse initial guesses by adding new waveform types or varying parameters.
- Adjusting the hyperparameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP methods.
- Increasing the number of iterations or refinement steps within the time budget.
- Using a combination of global and local optimization steps.

Let me try implementing these changes. For example, adding more initial guesses with different parameters, and adjusting the DE parameters to have more iterations. Also, using more aggressive mutation strategies.

Another idea is to use a different method for the initial optimization steps, like using the 'COBYLA' method instead of SLSQP, but that might not be necessary.

Now, considering the code structure. The current code uses several generators for initial guesses. Let's think of adding more generators, like combining different waveforms, or using different shapes.

Alternatively, using the gen_random function multiple times with different seeds to generate more diverse initial guesses.

Also, modifying the DE parameters. For example, increasing the maxiter from 50 to 100, or adjusting the mutation range.

In the refine steps, increasing the number of iterations could also help.

With these changes, the code should explore more of the parameter space and potentially find a better solution.

Another thing to note is that the initial_h_values might be a good starting point. So, perhaps the code should prioritize refining that initial guess with more iterations.

Putting this all together, the code can be modified to:

- Generate more initial guesses.
- Adjust the DE parameters for better exploration.
- Increase the number of refinement steps.
- Use more aggressive optimization parameters.

Now, translating this into code changes. The current code has a list of guesses. Let's expand that to include more structural variations. For example, adding patterns with more frequencies or varying duty cycles.

Alternatively, changing the gen_pulses to have a broader range of frequencies. For example, frequencies from 2 to 10 instead of 3 to 9.

Another change is to use a different mutation range in the DE step, like (0.7, 1.0) instead of (0.5, 0.95).

Also, perhaps increasing the number of DE iterations to, say, 100 instead of 50.

In the code, the DE is run for 3 iterations. Maybe increasing that to 5 or 10, but within the time budget.

Another idea: using the 'Bounds' method in DE with more population size, but the current code uses 100. Maybe 150 or 200.

However, with the time budget, we need to manage the computational load. So, balancing between the number of iterations and the population size.

In the refine steps, the code does 5 iterations. Increasing that to 10 or more might help, but again, the time is limited.

Also, using more aggressive tolerances in the SLSQP method, such as a lower ftol.

Putting all these together, the modified code would have:

- Expanded initial guesses with more parameters.
- Adjusted DE parameters for better exploration.
- Increased refinement steps.

Now, let's think about implementing these changes in the code. For example:

- Adding more frequencies in gen_pulses.
- Adding more duty cycles for the gen_saw and gen_triangle.
- Generating more random guesses.
- Adjusting the DE parameters.

This should lead to a better exploration of the parameter space and potentially a better C₅ value.

Finally, let's structure the code changes. The generated code would include these adjustments, leading to a more comprehensive search and potentially a lower C₅ bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 12):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.25, 0.5, 0.75, 0.9]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.25, 0.5, 0.75, 0.9]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(15):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 1.0), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(8):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```