<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The current record is 0.38085, and I need to get lower than that, ideally around 0.380876. 

The previous code uses a combination of different initial guesses and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. It starts with a given initial_h_values, which is a 45-point array. The approach seems to generate various pulse, sawtooth, and triangle wave patterns as initial guesses and then optimizes them using SLSQP. Then it uses differential evolution for further refinement and finally some SLSQP refinements.

But maybe there's a better way. Let me think about how the overlap integral is calculated. The overlap integral C₅ is defined as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since h is a step function on [0,2], the integral over shifts k would depend on how the function overlaps with its shifted versions.

The previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 45), but maybe a different number of points could lead to better results. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred because they are faster. The current initial setup uses 45 points. Let me see if there's a way to explore other numbers of points. Maybe 60 or 90 points could allow for more detailed structures, but with more points, the computational time increases. However, given the time budget is 100 seconds, perhaps using more points might not be feasible. Wait, the previous code uses n_points=45. Let me check the initial_h_values length. The initial_h_values variable is supposed to be the starting point, which has 45 samples. So the user's code is fixed to 45 points.

But maybe there's a way to improve the initial guess or the optimization process. The previous code uses several types of wave functions as initial guesses. Perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses or using different optimization strategies could help. Also, the current approach uses SLSQP with constraints and differential evolution. Maybe combining different optimization techniques or adjusting parameters could lead to better results.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that minimizes the maximum overlap when shifted. This is akin to anti-correlation. So, the function h(x) should be designed such that when shifted, the overlap with h(x) is minimized. For a step function, this could involve having regions where h is 1 and 0 in such a way that shifts cause minimal overlap.

The current code starts with a known initial guess. If I can generate better initial guesses, that might help. For example, perhaps using a more structured pattern, like a periodic function with certain properties, or combining different shapes. Maybe a combination of pulses with varying frequencies and duty cycles, or a more optimized structure based on known mathematical constructions.

Alternatively, thinking about the problem as a continuous optimization problem, perhaps using a gradient-based method with a better starting point. But since the function is piecewise constant, the optimization might be tricky.

Another approach is to model this as an optimization problem with constraints. The integral constraint ∫ h(x) dx = 1 is fixed. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. However, the maximum over k is a non-convex problem, which makes it challenging. 

Perhaps using a greedy approach: try to place the 1s in h(x) such that when shifted, they don't overlap much. For example, divide the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 1 and 0 in a way that avoids overlapping. But how to quantize this into a step function?

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of the Fourier transform. The overlap integral could be related to cross-correlation, and perhaps using Fourier analysis to minimize the maximum cross-correlation. However, I'm not sure how to apply this directly here.

Another idea: given that the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, maybe using a different optimization algorithm, such as Bayesian optimization or a genetic algorithm, could explore the search space more effectively. However, within the time constraints, integrating such methods might be challenging.

Looking at the user's previous code, there are several steps:

1. Start with initial guess (initial_h_values).
2. Generate various initial guesses (pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves).
3. Use SLSQP to optimize each guess.
4. Use differential evolution for further refinement.
5. Refine again with SLSQP.

Perhaps the issue is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough, leading to local minima. To improve, maybe adding more types of initial guesses, such as more complex waveforms or random initializations with better constraints.

Also, the current code uses a fixed number of points. Maybe trying different n_points could lead to better results. For example, if the initial_h_values is for 45 points, maybe trying 60 points could allow for more detailed structures. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, the code needs to be efficient. 

Another thought: perhaps using a more efficient optimization algorithm, such as a derivative-free method that can handle the constraints better. Or adjusting the parameters of the existing optimization methods to converge faster and better.

Looking at the code, the SLSQP method is used with a fixed number of iterations and tolerance. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help, but that might take more time. Alternatively, using a different optimization method, such as a trust-region method, could be better.

Wait, the code also has a 'refine' step that applies SLSQP again after some steps. Maybe that's not sufficient. Perhaps combining different strategies, such as using a genetic algorithm for initial exploration and then SLSQP for fine-tuning.

But given the time constraints, the code needs to be efficient. Another idea: since the overlap integral is based on the maximum over k, perhaps the problem can be approximated by considering specific shifts where the overlap is likely to be large. For example, the maximum might occur at certain k values, such as k=1, k=2, etc. So, maybe the optimization can focus on ensuring that the overlap for these specific k values is minimized.

Alternatively, considering the interval [0,2], shifts k in [0,2] would cause overlaps, but perhaps the maximum occurs at certain k values. For example, if the function is designed to be periodic or have some symmetry, this could help. 

Another possible improvement is to use a more structured initial guess. For instance, if the initial guess is a step function with certain parameters (like a certain number of steps), maybe it could be optimized better. For example, a function that has 1s in certain intervals and 0s elsewhere, but arranged such that shifts cause minimal overlap.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, and the user says to reference it directly. So I can't change it, but I can generate more initial guesses based on it. Maybe perturb the initial guess in some way to explore other regions.

Another approach: since the problem is similar to a covering problem, maybe finding a set of intervals where the function h is 1, such that when shifted, these intervals don't overlap much. For example, placing the 1s in separate parts of the interval, but with some overlap. However, the function must integrate to 1, so the total length of the 1 regions must be 1.

Let me think in terms of the integral constraint. The integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1, so the average value of h(x) is 0.5. So, over the interval, half of the domain is covered by h=1, and half by h=0. But the distribution of these regions affects the overlap when shifted.

If I can arrange the 1s in such a way that when you shift by some k, the coverage of the 1s and the 0s' complement overlaps minimally. For example, if the 1s are placed in non-overlapping regions, then shifts that move them into other regions would have less overlap. However, since the function is periodic, or may wrap around the interval?

Wait, the integral is over [0,2], and the shift k is such that x + k is within [0,2], but since the function is defined on [0,2], the shift would wrap around? Wait, the integral ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx is over x in [0, 2], but h(x +k) is defined for x such that x +k is in [0, 2]. So for shifts k where x + k is within [0, 2], but since h is defined on [0,2], x +k must be in [0,2]. So the integration is over x in [0, 2 -k] if k is positive. However, the previous code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which pads the signal with zeros. But that might not be the correct approach here. Wait, the original problem defines the integral for all k, but the code uses np.correlate, which is the cross-correlation of h and 1 - h. The cross-correlation for a full mode would give all possible shifts, including those that extend beyond the original interval. However, in the problem statement, the integral for each k is over x in [0, 2], provided that x +k is within [0, 2]. So the actual integral for a given k would be the integral over x such that both x and x +k are in [0,2]. However, the code uses the full cross-correlation, which is the same as if the function was defined on an infinite line, with zero-padding. But that's not accurate for the problem's constraints. But the user's code uses that approach, so perhaps that's the way they model it. Maybe the correct way is to compute the cross-correlation for all possible shifts, but the code is using the full mode and multiplying by dx. So that's how the code is structured.

But this might lead to over-approximation. For example, when the shift is larger than the interval, the integral would not be considered. But perhaps the code is correct as per their approach.

Given that, the code uses np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), which for n_points samples would give a vector of length 2n_points -1. Then, it multiplies by dx (which is 2.0/n_points) to get the integral. So the largest value in this array corresponds to the maximum overlap integral. 

So the problem is to find h that minimizes the maximum value in this array, after multiplying by dx.

The previous code uses different initial guesses, but maybe I can generate better ones. For example, what if I create a function that has multiple segments where h is 1, arranged in a way that they don't overlap when shifted by certain k's. For example, using a block design where the 1 regions are spaced apart.

Alternatively, consider the problem as a covering problem: we want the set of x where h(x) is 1 such that when shifted by any k, the overlap between the 1 regions and the 0 regions of 1 - h(x +k) is minimized. But this is a bit abstract.

Another idea: perhaps using a function that is a combination of several pulses with varying widths and positions, ensuring that shifts cause minimal overlap. For example, interleaving regions of 1 and 0 in a way that when shifted, they overlap as little as possible.

But how to model this? Maybe the previous code's approach of generating different pulse and sawtooth waveforms is reasonable. However, the code may not generate sufficient diversity in the initial guesses. For example, maybe using more complex waveforms or optimizing the parameters of these initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a different approach for generating initial guesses. For example, instead of using sine waves or triangle waves, perhaps using a random permutation of 1s and 0s, but ensuring the integral constraint is met. Or using a genetic algorithm to evolve the initial guesses.

But within the time constraints, the code must be efficient. Let's consider modifying the existing approach:

- Increase the diversity of initial guesses. For example, generate more initial guesses with different parameters (like different frequencies, duty cycles, etc.).
- Adjust the optimization parameters (like the number of iterations, tolerance) to allow for better convergence.
- Perhaps use more advanced optimization methods or combine them.

Another consideration is that the previous code uses a fixed number of guesses. Maybe using more guesses could lead to better exploration. However, this would increase the computation time. 

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For instance, using a function that is a square wave with a certain duty cycle. Or using a function that has a specific structure, like a combination of multiple pulses.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal function has a structure that is anti-correlated with its shifted versions. This could be achieved by making the function periodic with a certain period, but such that the overlap for k=period is minimized.

For example, if the function has a period of 1, then shifting by 1 would lead to the same function. But in this case, the overlap would be the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +1)). Since h(x +1) is the same as h(x) if it's periodic with period 1. So if the function is 1 on parts of [0,1), and 0 elsewhere, then shifting by 1 would give the same as the original. Hence, the overlap would be the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x)), which is the same for all x. But the maximum would then be the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x)), which is minimized when h(x) is as close to 0.5 as possible. However, since the integral of h(x) is 1 over [0,2], the average value is 0.5. So if the function is symmetric, then the integral would be 0.5*(1 - 0.5) = 0.25. But that would be the case if the function is uniform, but since it's a step function, it's not possible. 

Wait, but this might not be the case. The overlap for k=1 would be ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+1)) dx. If h(x+1) is the same as h(x), then the integral becomes ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx, which is ∫ h(x) - h(x)^2 dx. For the integral of h(x) is 1, and ∫ h(x)^2 dx is ... depends on the function. For example, if h(x) is 1 on an interval of length 1, and 0 elsewhere, then ∫ h(x) is 1, ∫ h(x)^2 is 1. So the integral would be 1*1 - 1 = 0. But if the function is more spread out, the integral would be different. However, this is just one example.

But perhaps this suggests that if the function is symmetric and periodic, the overlaps for certain k could be minimized. But this line of thinking might not immediately lead to a solution.

Another approach: think about the problem as a dual optimization problem. The goal is to find h that minimizes the maximum overlap. Since the maximum is over k, perhaps we can consider for each k, the integral ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx, and then find h that minimizes the maximum over these integrals. This can be viewed as a minimax problem. 

In optimization, one way to handle such problems is to use a saddle-point approach, but this might be complex. Alternatively, approximate the problem by considering a small number of k's that are most critical for the maximum. For example, if we can determine which shifts k are most likely to give the maximum, then focus on minimizing those.

But how to determine which k's to focus on? For example, if the function is designed to have a certain period, the critical shifts could be multiples of that period. But without knowing the structure of the optimal function, it's hard to say.

Given all this, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to improve the initial guesses and optimize more effectively. For example:

- Generate more initial guesses with different parameters.
- Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for more iterations.
- Use a different combination of optimization methods.

Looking at the previous code, there's a section where it generates pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves with different frequencies and duty cycles. Perhaps adding more variations to these initial guesses could help. For example, varying the frequency more or adding more types of waveforms.

Another idea: instead of generating all those initial guesses upfront, perhaps use a more systematic way to generate them. For example, generate a grid of parameter combinations for pulse, sawtooth, and triangle wave functions. However, this may increase the computational time.

Alternatively, let's think about the initial H_values. If the initial guess is already a good starting point, perhaps the code's approach is sufficient. But if it's stuck in a local minimum, then generating better initial guesses could help.

Another consideration is the use of different optimization algorithms. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe trying to use other methods, like genetic algorithms, could be beneficial. However, in Python, the scipy.optimize library doesn't have a built-in genetic algorithm, but there are third-party packages like DEAP. However, given the constraints of not using any filesystem or network IO and the allowed libraries (scipy, numpy, etc.), perhaps it's not feasible to use such methods.

Alternatively, using a different method for the initial optimization steps. For example, using a modified version of the SLSQP optimizer with better parameters.

Another idea is to use a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full'), which for each h_vals computes the full cross-correlation and then takes the maximum value. However, this might be computationally intensive. Maybe there's a way to vectorize this or compute it more efficiently. However, the current code uses this approach, and given that it's the standard way, it's likely the most efficient available.

So, to improve the code, perhaps the following steps:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, include more types of waveforms (like square waves with different duty cycles, or more complex patterns).
2. Adjust the number of iterations and tolerance in the optimization steps to allow for better convergence.
3. Use different optimization methods in combination, perhaps using a more efficient method for the initial steps and a different one for refinement.
4. Try different numbers of points. For example, maybe using 60 points allows for better optimization, but given the time budget, it's risky.
5. Add more refinement steps, such as applying additional iterations of SLSQP after the initial optimizations.

But given that the initial code uses n_points=45, which is the length of initial_h_values, maybe that's fixed. The user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. So the code is already using a reasonable number of points.

Another possible improvement: instead of generating all the initial guesses upfront, perhaps generate some random perturbations based on the initial guess. This can help in exploring the neighborhood of the initial solution, potentially escaping local minima.

Also, in the previous code, the 'gen_random' function generates a random h and scales it to meet the sum constraint. But maybe generating random initial guesses with more structure could be better.

Another approach: use a combination of the initial guess and some modifications. For example, starting with the initial_h_values, and then adding small perturbations to it as initial guesses for the optimization steps.

In terms of code structure, the previous approach uses a fixed set of guesses. To enhance diversity, perhaps generating more guesses with different parameters.

Another idea: the 'gen_saw' and 'gen_triangle' functions might not be optimal. For example, the 'gen_saw' function uses np.clip(1 - np.abs(...)), which creates a sawtooth wave. Maybe generating more complex shapes or adjusting their parameters could yield better initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a combination of different functions. For example, using both pulse and triangle wave functions with varying parameters.

Another thought: the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, which is a non-convex problem. Hence, local minima are likely. Therefore, a diverse set of initial guesses is crucial. The current code generates several types of functions, but perhaps not enough. For example, adding more random guesses, or more structured guesses with varying frequencies and duty cycles.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include:

- 3-9 frequency pulses with 0.5 duty cycle.
- Sawtooth waves with 3 frequency and various duty cycles.
- Triangle waves with 3 frequency and various duty cycles.
- Random guesses.

Maybe increasing the number of random guesses or varying the parameters more could help. For example, using higher frequencies and more duty cycles.

Another possible change: instead of using the same frequency (e.g., 3) for the initial guesses, vary the frequency. For example, frequencies like 2, 3, 4, etc., and different duty cycles.

Additionally, in the 'gen_saw' and 'gen_triangle' functions, the frequency is fixed at 3. Maybe varying the frequency here could generate more diverse initial guesses.

Given all these possibilities, perhaps modifying the code to generate more diverse initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, expanding the range of frequencies and duty cycles in the generated functions.

Another possible code modification is to adjust the hyperparameters of the optimization methods. For example, increasing the number of iterations in the SLSQP and differential evolution steps, or adjusting the tolerance to allow for better convergence.

In terms of code, the previous code uses SLSQP with maxiter=100 and tolerance 1e-10. Maybe increasing the maxiter could help. However, this increases the time needed.

Another consideration is the 'refine' step, which applies SLSQP again. If this step is repeated multiple times, it could help in fine-tuning the solution. However, the code already does that for 8 times.

Another idea: instead of using differential evolution for refinement, use a different local optimizer. But the current code uses SLSQP after differential evolution.

In summary, to improve the code:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses, including different frequencies and duty cycles for the generated waveforms.
- Adjust the optimization parameters (e.g., number of iterations, tolerances) to allow for better convergence.
- Expand the range of frequencies and duty cycles in the generated initial guesses.
- Possibly tweak the initial guesses to be more structured or random.

Now, translating this into code changes. Let's think about how to generate more initial guesses.

The previous code generates guesses for:

- Pulses with frequencies from 3 to 9 and duty 0.5.
- Sawtooth waves with frequency 3 and duty cycles [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6].
- Triangle waves with frequency 3 and same duty cycles.
- Random guesses (5 times).

To increase diversity:

- Add more frequencies for the pulse and other waves. For example, pulse frequencies from 2 to 10.
- For the sawtooth and triangle, increase the frequency range (e.g., 2 to 5).
- Include different duty cycles, perhaps more than 5, or smaller intervals.
- Include more types of waveforms, such as square waves or other pulses.

However, given the code's time constraints, it's important to balance generality with computation time.

Another change: in the 'gen_random' function, generate the random h_vals with a better distribution. For example, instead of scaling uniformly, perhaps using a more informed approach, like placing the 1s in certain regions.

Alternatively, use a more sophisticated initial guess generation. For example, using a random permutation of 1s and 0s, ensuring the sum constraint.

But given that the previous code generates random guesses, it's possible that this is already sufficient.

Another possible optimization is to use a different method for the initial optimization steps. For example, instead of using SLSQP with multiple iterations, use a simpler method like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm. But since the code already uses SLSQP, perhaps this is not necessary.

Putting all this together, the plan is to:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses by expanding the frequency and duty cycle ranges for the generated waveforms.
2. Increase the number of iterations and tolerance in the optimization steps to allow for more precise convergence.
3. Add more random initial guesses.
4. Refine the optimization process with additional steps.

Now, translating these ideas into code. Let me adjust the existing code accordingly.

For example, in the create_guesses section:

- Change the pulse frequencies to 2 to 10 (instead of 3 to 9).
- Change the sawtooth and triangle frequency to 2 to 5.
- Increase the duty cycle variations.
- Increase the number of random guesses.

Additionally, in the 'gen_saw' and 'gen_triangle' functions, the frequency is fixed at 3. Change this to allow a range of frequencies.

Let me modify the code accordingly.

But also, considering that the user wants to keep the code as concise as possible. The code must have a manageable number of lines, around 300 lines. So adding more initial guesses may increase the code's length.

Alternatively, maybe focusing on the optimization steps. For example, changing the SLSQP and differential evolution parameters to allow more iterations and better convergence.

Another possible improvement: instead of using differential evolution for refinement, maybe using a different approach, or combining it with SLSQP.

In terms of code, the current code has three separate optimization steps:

1. Initial guesses with SLSQP.
2. Differential evolution.
3. Refinement with SLSQP.

Perhaps combining the initial steps and refining more.

Another possible code change is to increase the number of iterations in the differential evolution step. Also, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Another thing to consider is that the 'initial_h_values' is the starting point. Maybe the initial guess is already good, and the code needs to refine it further. Hence, the refinement steps with SLSQP could be more effective.

In conclusion, to improve the code, I would:

- Expand the initial guesses to include more diverse waveforms with different frequencies and duty cycles.
- Adjust the optimization parameters to allow more iterations and better convergence.
- Use more refinement steps to fine-tune the solution.
- Possibly increase the number of random guesses.

Now, implementing these changes in the code. Here's a possible way to do it.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for freq in range(2, 5):
        for duty in [0.3, 0.4, 0.6, 0.7]:
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
            guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 120, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=60,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 70, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(8):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```