<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral by finding a step function h that satisfies the constraints. Let's think about how to approach this.

First, the current setup uses an initial construction with 45 points. The previous code tried multiple optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe there's a better approach. Let me recall the problem: the overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and integrates to 1 over [0, 2].

The previous code's approach was using various guess functions to generate initial points and then optimizing them. But maybe there's a better way to structure the search. Perhaps using a more efficient optimization strategy, or a different starting point that's better suited for the problem.

Hmm, what if I consider constructing h in a way that distributes the 1s and 0s as evenly as possible across the interval? For example, using a periodic pattern or a more structured shape rather than random guesses. Alternatively, maybe using symmetry or known optimal patterns from similar problems.

Wait, the current best is 0.38085. The target is to get lower than that. So perhaps the previous code's method could be adjusted. Maybe using a different optimization algorithm, or combining multiple strategies.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm approach or a different metaheuristic. But the previous code already tried some methods. Let's think about what the previous code uses: SLSQP, differential evolution, and refinement steps. Maybe increasing the population size in the differential evolution or adjusting the parameters could help.

Another idea: the overlap is maximized when h(x) and h(x + k) are aligned in some way. To minimize this, we need h to be as 'spread out' as possible. So, perhaps a more structured approach, like using a combination of pulses or a sawtooth wave with specific parameters.

Wait, in the previous code, they tried generating pulses, sawtooth, and triangle functions. Maybe there's a better way to construct the initial guesses. For example, using a more optimized pulse pattern or a combination of different shapes.

Also, considering the constraints, the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So, each sample in the array must sum to n_points / 2. The previous code uses a sample array with 45 elements. Maybe using a larger n_points would allow for better precision, but the user said smaller sequences are preferred. So, maybe sticking with around 45 points is better for speed.

Another thought: the current code uses differential evolution with 100 population size and 80 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help. Or using a different mutation strategy.

Wait, maybe there's a way to model this as an optimization problem with more structure. For example, using a gradient-based method with a better initial guess. However, since the objective function is non-convex and has multiple local minima, gradient-based methods might get stuck. So, combining global and local search could be better.

Alternatively, perhaps using a multi-objective approach where we try to minimize the maximum overlap while maintaining the integral constraint. But how?

Let me think about the objective function. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). The maximum over these is C5. So, the problem is to choose h such that this maximum is as small as possible.

An alternative approach could be to model this as a convex optimization problem, but since the integral is over all shifts, it's not straightforward. However, since we are working with a finite number of samples, maybe we can approximate the integrals using the samples, and then optimize over the sampled points.

The current code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full' to compute the correlations. But the actual integral over the real line would be approximated by the sum over the samples multiplied by dx. So, the code's approach is correct in that.

Another idea: perhaps using a more efficient optimization strategy, like using a Bayesian optimization method to explore the search space more effectively. However, the previous code uses SLSQP and DE, which are standard methods.

But given the time constraints, maybe I can improve the previous approach by adjusting the parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations in DE, or using a better initial guess. Also, ensuring that the initial guesses are more varied and not just based on the initial_h_values.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe perturbing it in some way could help. Alternatively, generating a set of initial guesses with different structures (like pulses, sawtooth, etc.) as before, but with more variations.

Another possible improvement: checking if the current best is already better than the target, and then stopping early. But the code already does that in the loop.

Hmm. Let's look at the code structure again. It starts with the initial_h_values, then tries various guess functions to generate initial points. Then runs SLSQP on each guess, followed by DE and refinement steps.

Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not sufficiently diverse, leading to local minima. So, perhaps generating more varied initial guesses.

Alternatively, maybe the optimization is too slow. The code uses SLSQP with maxiter=200, then DE with maxiter=80. Maybe increasing the maxiter for SLSQP or DE could help. However, with the time budget, this needs to be balanced.

Wait, the previous code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point, but if that's not the best, maybe generating a better initial guess. For example, using a more optimized pulse or a different shape.

Alternatively, maybe using the initial_h_values as a base and applying some perturbations to it.

Another thought: the previous code uses a lot of different guess functions. Maybe combining some of these into more efficient ones. For example, generating a combination of pulses and sawtooth waves.

Another approach is to consider that the optimal h is a step function with certain periodicity. For example, a periodic function with period 2/(n) where n is the number of samples. Maybe using a Fourier series approach to model h, but this might be complex.

Alternatively, perhaps using a piecewise constant function with varying widths and positions of the steps to distribute the area as evenly as possible.

Another idea: since the problem is about overlapping integrals, perhaps the function h should be designed such that it is spread out over the interval, minimizing overlaps when shifted. For example, a function that is high in regions where another shifted version is low.

But how to model this. Maybe a function with Fourier components that are orthogonal to the shifts. However, this is getting into more complex analysis.

Alternatively, using a greedy algorithm: start with an initial guess, then iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap. But how to do that efficiently.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a game: for each shift k, the overlap is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). To minimize the maximum of these, h must be such that for any shift, the overlap is minimized.

Another idea: if the function h is a balanced mixture of two or more regions, then shifting it would result in overlaps that cancel out. For example, if the function is a combination of two intervals, each of length 1, placed symmetrically. But this is just a guess.

Alternatively, let's think of the problem as a covering or packing problem. The function h(x) must "cover" the interval in a way that when shifted, overlaps are minimized.

But without a clear structure, it's hard to proceed. So, perhaps sticking to the previous approach but tweaking it.

Let me think about the code again. The previous code uses a combination of different guess functions (pulses, sawtooth, triangle) with different frequencies and duties. Then, they run SLSQP on each guess to refine. Maybe increasing the number of such initial guesses could help find a better starting point. For example, adding more varied guess functions.

Alternatively, instead of using a fixed set of guess functions, generate a set of initial guesses based on different parameters. For example, varying the duty cycles of the pulse and sawtooth functions, or different frequencies.

Another possible improvement: the code uses DE with a population of 100, which might be too large for the time budget. Maybe reducing the population size but increasing the number of iterations. Or using a mix of different optimization steps.

Alternatively, trying a different optimization method, such as a genetic algorithm with tournament selection, but that might not be available in the standard libraries.

Alternatively, using a more efficient implementation of the optimization steps. For instance, precomputing all the required correlations and using them in the objective function to speed up the optimization.

But the code already uses numpy.correlate, which is efficient.

Another idea: the current code's DE and SLSQP steps might be computationally expensive. Perhaps using a simpler optimization method, like Nelder-Mead, for some steps, but not sure.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first run a global search with DE to find a good initial guess, then perform a local search with SLSQP to refine it. The previous code does that, but maybe adjusting the parameters can improve it.

Wait, in the previous code, after generating initial guesses, it performs SLSQP refinement. Then, DE is used again with a limited budget. But maybe using a combination of more DE runs and then more SLSQP refinement steps could help.

Another consideration is the time budget. The code must complete within 100 seconds. So, any part that takes too long should be optimized.

Perhaps the main issue is that the initial guesses are not sufficient, leading to local minima. So, generating more diverse initial guesses might help.

Another approach: instead of using the initial_h_values as one of the guesses, perhaps generate a better initial guess. For example, using a method that creates a more optimal starting point.

Alternatively, considering that the current record is 0.38085, maybe trying to approach this by constructing a function with specific properties. For example, using a sequence of steps that alternate between high and low values in a way that minimizes overlapping.

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of binary sequences: since h is a step function, each sample is either 0 or 1. However, the code allows h to take any value between 0 and 1. But maybe for the optimal solution, the function h has a binary structure. However, this is not certain.

But the code allows for continuous values. So, perhaps using a more structured approach, like dividing the interval into regions where h is either high or low, but with some smooth transitions.

Alternatively, using a combination of different pulse patterns with varying widths and positions.

In any case, the previous code's structure is a good starting point. So, perhaps modifying it to generate more initial guesses or adjusting the parameters for DE and SLSQP.

Another idea: using a different starting point. For example, generating a random initial guess but with more attention to the integral constraint. However, the previous code already includes a gen_random function that ensures the sum is correct.

Another possible optimization: the current code uses gen_random five times, but maybe generating more diverse random guesses. Or using a different approach for generating initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a mix of structured and random guesses. For example, for the initial guesses, generate both pulse and random functions, then refine them.

So, putting this together, here's a plan:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as the first guess.
2. Generate additional initial guesses by varying frequency and duty cycle of pulse and sawtooth functions.
3. Use a larger number of initial guesses to increase the chance of finding a better starting point.
4. Run SLSQP on each initial guess to find a local minimum.
5. Use differential evolution with a moderate population size and more iterations to explore the search space further.
6. Perform multiple refinement steps with SLSQP to improve the solution.
7. Monitor the time budget and adjust the number of iterations or steps accordingly.

But how to implement this in code without exceeding the time budget.

Also, considering that the previous code tried various frequencies and duty cycles, maybe expanding that range could help. For example, including more frequencies or different duty cycles.

Another adjustment: in the previous code, the de_guess is called five times, but with a limit on time. Maybe increasing the number of times de_guess is called, but only up to the time budget.

Alternatively, using a more efficient DE implementation with fewer parameters.

Another idea: in the code, the objective function is computed using np.correlate, which is vectorized and efficient. However, maybe precomputing the necessary values for the objective function could speed things up. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, using a more precise method for the objective function, but the current approach is already correct.

So, putting all this into code: adjust the initial guesses to include more variations, increase the number of DE runs, and optimize the parameters for SLSQP and DE.

Another thing to note is the current best is 0.38085. The target is to get lower than that. So, the code must find a C5 bound that is lower.

So, perhaps, the previous code's approach is close, but can be improved by generating better initial guesses.

Let me think about the code structure again. The code tries different guesses, runs SLSQP on each, then runs DE on the best result. Then refines with SLSQP again.

Maybe the issue is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough, leading to suboptimal results. So, adding more guess functions could help. For example, including more frequencies and duty cycles in the pulse and sawtooth functions.

Alternatively, generating guesses that are a combination of different patterns, like a sawtooth and a pulse.

Another idea: instead of generating guesses based on fixed frequencies, use a wider range. For example, frequencies from 2 to 10.

But since the previous code starts with frequencies from 3 to 8, maybe expanding that range could help.

Another thought: the code uses a fixed duty cycle for the pulse, but varying it might lead to better results. The previous code tried 0.5 for pulses, but maybe trying other duty cycles.

So, modifying the code to generate more initial guesses by varying parameters for pulses, sawtooth, and triangle functions.

Another possible optimization: in the original code, the function gen_pulses is used with frequency and duty. Maybe adding more variation in these parameters.

Alternatively, using a different pattern like a square wave with varying duty cycles.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the main change would be to generate more initial guesses and increase the number of iterations for DE.

In the previous code, the DE is called five times, but the time budget allows for it. Maybe increasing the number of DE runs and/or the number of iterations for DE would help.

Another idea: the DE has a mutation parameter of (0.5, 0.95), which is the lower and upper bounds for the mutation. Maybe adjusting this could help in exploring the search space more effectively.

Also, the recombination parameter is set to 0.8. Maybe changing it to a different value could lead to better results.

But without testing, it's hard to say. So, perhaps adjusting the DE parameters to explore more thoroughly.

In summary, the plan is to adjust the initial guesses, increase the number of DE runs, and adjust DE parameters to find a better solution.

So, in code, I would modify the guesses list to include more variations in the frequencies and duty cycles. Also, increase the number of DE iterations or the number of DE runs.

But the code already has a lot of guesses. Let me check:

In the previous code:

guesses are constructed with:
- initial_h_values
- pulses for freq 3-8, duty 0.5
- sawtooth for freq 3, duty 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5
- same for triangle
- then 5 random guesses

So, perhaps generating more frequencies for pulses and sawtooth functions. For example, including frequencies up to 10 or more.

Alternatively, varying the duty cycle more, but in the previous code, the duty cycles are already varied.

Another change could be to use different methods for generating initial guesses, like combining different patterns.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the main change is to increase the number of DE runs and adjust DE parameters.

Let me try to adjust the DE parameters in the code. For example, using a larger population, but this might take more time.

Alternatively, using a smaller population and more iterations.

So, in the code's differential evolution step:

res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=80, mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)

Maybe lowering the mutation parameter to encourage more exploration, or increasing the maxiter. However, the time budget is tight.

Another idea: in the DE step, after generating the initial population, perform a few more iterations.

But the code's current DE is called 5 times, with a certain number of iterations.

Alternatively, the code could focus more on refining the best solution found so far with SLSQP, giving it more iterations to converge.

In the refinement step, the code runs SLSQP for 300 iterations. That's a lot, but perhaps increasing that or adjusting the tolerance could help.

Another possible improvement: use a different optimization method for the refinement steps. For example, using a more precise method with a tighter tolerance.

But in the previous code, the refinement is done with SLSQP.

So, putting this together, the code can be modified as follows:

- Generate more initial guesses by varying frequencies and duty cycles.
- Use a different mutation and recombination parameters for DE.
- Increase the number of DE runs and/or iterations.
- Adjust the parameters for SLSQP, like increasing the maxiter or decreasing the ftol.

But since the code has to fit within 100 seconds, I need to balance these.

Another thing: the previous code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess. If that's already a good starting point, then perhaps the code is finding a good balance. But if the initial guess is not optimal, then generating more guesses could help.

In conclusion, to improve the code, I would:

1. Expand the initial guess generation by varying frequency and duty cycles.
2. Adjust the DE parameters for better exploration.
3. Increase the number of DE runs within the time budget.
4. Perform more refinement steps with SLSQP.

Now, coding this would involve modifying the guesses list to include more parameters and adjusting the DE settings.

Also, since the code must return a compact block, I need to ensure that the code is concise and doesn't have long literals.

So, the final code would look something like this, with adjusted parameters and more initial guesses.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip((np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x) + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 11):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(4, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(4, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11, 'eps': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```