<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The existing code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization, starting from an initial guess. But the previous result was 0.381142, and the target is lower than 0.380876. So I need to think of a better approach.

First, let me understand the problem again. The function h is a step function over [0,2] with values between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. My task is to minimize this maximum value.

The current approach starts from an initial guess and uses various heuristics to refine it. Maybe the issue is that the initial guess is not good enough, or the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. So perhaps I can try different initializations or use different optimization techniques.

Looking at the existing code, it generates several types of functions: pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random samples. Then it uses SLSQP and differential evolution to refine them. However, maybe those initial guesses aren't varied enough or might not be covering the optimal regions.

Another idea: perhaps using a more structured approach. Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can model this as a semi-infinite optimization problem, but that's computationally expensive. Instead, maybe focusing on specific k values that are critical for the maximum.

Alternatively, considering the problem's symmetry. The interval [0,2] might be split into regions where h has certain patterns. For example, perhaps using a piecewise constant function with different segments. Maybe a combination of intervals where h is 0 and 1, arranged to minimize overlap for all shifts.

But how to translate that into code? Maybe trying different patterns. For example, a periodic function with certain periods. Alternatively, using a greedy algorithm where we adjust h to minimize the overlap for the worst-case k.

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm with better mutation strategies. The existing code uses differential evolution, which might not be the most effective here. Or maybe using a combination of local search and global search.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points) determined by initial_h_values. If the existing initial_h_values has 45 points, maybe trying with a larger number of points could allow for better resolution, but that might take longer. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, so we need to balance between the number of points and the optimization time.

Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So the previous code uses 45 samples, which is acceptable. Maybe trying with a different n_points, like 60 or 80, but that might complicate things. Or maybe using a dynamic approach where the number of points is adjusted.

But perhaps the key is to improve the optimization process. The current method uses multiple guesses and refines them. Maybe instead of generating random guesses, I can explore a more systematic grid of possible patterns.

Another angle: the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be rewritten as ∫h(x)dx - ∫h(x)h(x + k)dx. Since ∫h(x)dx = 1, it's 1 - ∫h(x)h(x + k)dx. Therefore, maximizing this integral is equivalent to minimizing ∫h(x)h(x + k)dx. Therefore, the problem reduces to minimizing the maximum over k of ∫h(x)h(x + k)dx.

But how does this help? Well, maybe I can think of the problem as finding h such that the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and h is minimized. The cross-correlation here is the integral of h(x)h(x + k)dx, which is the same as the convolution of h and h, shifted appropriately. So the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum cross-correlation between h and itself for any shift k.

This is similar to the problem of designing a signal with low cross-correlation, which is related to code design in communications. For example, in the context of Barker codes, but those are for binary sequences.

But in this case, the function h is real and not necessarily binary, and we have the constraint that the integral of h is 1.

Moreover, the problem is about minimizing the maximum cross-correlation over all shifts. So perhaps the optimal solution is a function that is as "spread out" as possible, such that shifting it doesn't result in a large overlap.

So maybe constructing h as a function that has a certain period or structure that minimizes the overlap for all shifts. For example, a function that is a sum of sinusoids with different frequencies.

Alternatively, the previous code used functions like pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe trying other waveforms, such as sinusoidal pulses or combinations of different frequencies.

Another idea: using a combination of multiple pulse shapes. For example, a function that has several pulses spaced out in such a way that their overlaps when shifted are minimized.

But how to translate this into code? Maybe generating a more structured initial guess. For example, using a periodic function with a certain number of pulses per period.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm where the individuals are the h functions, and the fitness is the C5 value, with selection, crossover, and mutation steps. However, the code is supposed to run within 100 seconds, so the genetic algorithm needs to be efficient.

But given the time constraints, maybe a better approach is to use more efficient optimization techniques. The current code uses differential evolution and SLSQP. Perhaps combining them with more tailored strategies.

Another consideration: the previous code uses a fixed number of guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, varying the frequencies and duty cycles in more ways, or trying different patterns like square waves, sine waves, etc.

Alternatively, I can try to use a different initialization. For example, starting with a uniform distribution, and then adjusting to meet the integral constraint.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given. So perhaps using that as a starting point, but trying to refine it more effectively.

Another approach: since the objective function is convex? Or not. The overlap integral is a maximum over k of a convex function? Not sure. But if we can model this as a convex optimization problem, that would be ideal, but I don't think that's possible here. So local methods like SLSQP might still be useful.

Another idea: the current code uses the SLSQP method with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help refine the solution further. But the time budget is tight.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimizer, such as BFGS with constraints, if possible.

Another thought: the evaluation of the objective function (the maximum correlation) is expensive. Maybe precomputing the shifts that are most critical. For example, focusing on shifts where the overlap is likely to be high.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective approach: minimize the maximum overlap by penalizing overlaps for different k values.

But given the time, perhaps the best way to proceed is to modify the existing code to try different initial guesses and use more efficient optimization steps.

Wait, the previous code also includes a refine step where it does multiple SLSQP refinements. Maybe that's not enough. Perhaps using a better initial guess and a more thorough optimization.

Alternatively, trying different algorithms. For example, using the COBYLA method for constrained optimization, which doesn't require gradients.

Another idea: instead of using all possible shifts in the correlation, maybe focusing on a subset of shifts that are most likely to be critical. For example, the shifts that are multiples of certain values. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, considering that the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx is maximized when the overlap between h and 1 - h(x +k) is maximized. So, maybe trying to structure h so that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much with itself.

Another approach: using a function h that is a piecewise constant function with several intervals, each set to 0 or 1, such that the sum is 1. The problem then becomes a combinatorial optimization, which is hard. But for small n_points, maybe we can model it with binary variables and use an integer programming solver.

However, since the problem allows for using any solver (like cvxpy with different solvers), perhaps using an integer programming approach is possible. But with n_points around 45, the number of variables would be 45, which is manageable for some solvers.

Wait, but the previous code uses continuous variables. If we can model it as binary variables (i.e., h is 0 or 1), then the problem is to find a binary vector of length n_points with sum equal to n_points / 2 (since sum(h) * dx = 1, so sum(h) = n_points / 2). However, the problem states that h is a step function, which can have values between 0 and 1. So perhaps allowing partial values could lead to better results.

But given the time constraints, maybe the integer approach is not feasible. However, using a binary approach might be more efficient with some solvers. But I'm not sure.

Another idea: the current code uses the 'full' mode for the correlation. The correlation of h with 1 - h gives the maximum over all shifts. However, the correlation might be dominated by certain shifts. For example, shifts that cause the overlap of h with 1 - h to be large. So targeting these shifts directly might help.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different way of computing the correlation. For example, precomputing the shifts that are within a certain range (like [-1, 1]), but not sure.

Another thought: the overlap integral is a convolution-like operation. So, perhaps converting the problem into the frequency domain and trying to minimize the maximum magnitude of the Fourier transform. But I'm not sure how that would translate into a solution.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap corresponds to the maximum value of the convolution of h with (1 - h). But again, this is not directly helpful.

Back to the initial approach. The previous code starts with the initial_h_values and tries to improve it. But maybe the initial guess isn't optimal, and generating more varied initial guesses could help. For example, using different functions that might not be covered by the current guess generation.

Looking at the guess generation in the previous code:

- It includes pulses with frequencies from 3 to 8, and duty cycle 0.5.
- Sawtooth and triangle waves with frequency 3 and different duty cycles.
- Random samples.

Maybe expanding the types of functions considered. For example, adding more frequency ranges, different waveforms, or specific patterns.

Alternatively, using a Fourier series approach where the function h is represented as a sum of sinusoids with certain coefficients. Then, optimizing the coefficients to minimize the overlap. However, this might be complex to implement.

Another idea: using a greedy approach. Iteratively adjust the function h to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, find the shift k that gives the highest overlap, then adjust h to reduce that overlap. But this would be a local search and might get stuck in local minima.

Given the time, perhaps improving the existing code by increasing the diversity of initial guesses and refining them more thoroughly.

In the existing code, the gen_random() function generates a random distribution, normalizes it to have the correct sum. Generating more random initial guesses could help.

Also, in the previous code, the refine step uses SLSQP with a limited number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps could help.

Another thought: the differential evolution step might not be exploring the space thoroughly. Using a different population size or mutation strategy could help. However, the code already uses popsize=100 and maxiter=80.

Another point: the initial_h_values are already given. Perhaps the current code doesn't make the best use of that. For example, if the initial_h_values are a good candidate, maybe starting from it and refining is better.

But the previous code's result was 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. So the current code's result is slightly higher than the target. To improve, we need to find a better h.

Let me think about how to modify the existing approach. Maybe using different optimization strategies. For example, instead of multiple SLSQP and DE steps, perhaps using a different combination. Or using a more effective local optimizer.

Alternatively, using the COBYLA method with constraints, which can handle bounds and equality constraints.

Another idea: since the objective function is the maximum of the correlations, which is a non-convex function, the problem is challenging. Therefore, it's essential to use global optimization methods. However, the current code uses DE, which is a global optimizer, but perhaps with some modifications.

Perhaps the DE step could be replaced with a Bayesian optimization approach, which is more efficient in certain cases. However, implementing Bayesian optimization within the time constraints might be difficult.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: starting with DE and then refining with SLSQP.

In the existing code, the DE is used for a limited number of steps, but maybe increasing the number of evaluations could help. However, the time budget is tight.

Another idea: the current code generates multiple initial guesses. Maybe adding more guesses in different patterns could help find the optimal solution.

For example, adding some more waveforms, or a combination of different pulses. For instance, using a higher number of frequencies or varying the duty cycles more widely.

Another possibility: the current code uses the same n_points as the initial_h_values, but what if trying with a different n_points? For instance, using a smaller n_points (like 40) could allow for more efficient optimization, but the initial_h_values may not be applicable. Alternatively, if the initial_h_values are for a certain n_points, perhaps the code is limited to that number.

But the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. So the initial_h_values may have 45 points, which is acceptable. However, maybe trying with more points could allow for better resolution.

However, increasing the number of points increases the size of the problem, which may take longer to optimize. So, for example, trying with n_points = 60 might be better or worse.

But without knowing the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. Assuming that initial_h_values has 45 points, perhaps the code can stick with that.

So, given that, how can I improve the existing code?

Possible changes:

1. Enhance the initial guess generation. For example, adding more types of functions, such as more pulses with different frequencies, or sinusoidal functions.

2. Use more effective optimization methods. For example, using the SLSQP method with better settings, or using a combination of SLSQP and DE.

3. Refine the objective function computation. For example, precomputing the shifts or focusing on the worst-case shifts.

4. Increase the number of iterations or the refinement steps.

5. Use a different initial guess that might be closer to the optimal solution.

Let me think about how to implement some of these.

For initial guesses, perhaps generating more diverse functions. For example:

- Adding more pulse frequencies, or different duty cycles for the pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves.
- Generating more random samples.
- Trying to add functions that are combinations of different waveforms.

Also, considering that the current code uses the same initial guess (initial_h_values) as one of the guesses, maybe that could be the primary starting point.

Another idea: instead of generating guesses based on waveforms, use a more systematic approach. For example, using a grid of parameters for different functions and sampling those.

But generating a grid could be too time-consuming.

Alternatively, perhaps trying to create a better initial guess by manually adjusting the initial_h_values. However, that's not possible since we can't modify the initial_h_values.

Another possible improvement: in the existing code, when generating pulses, the function uses a sine wave. Maybe using a different waveform, like a square wave or a triangular wave, could yield better results.

Alternatively, using a combination of different waveforms.

But given time constraints, maybe the easiest way to improve is to adjust the initial guesses and the optimization parameters.

In the current code, the DE step is called 5 times, each with a population size of 100 and maxiter=80. Maybe increasing the number of DE evaluations could help explore more of the solution space.

Alternatively, using a different mutation and recombination strategy in DE.

Another possible change: instead of using the 'full' mode of the correlation, which includes shifts from -n_points +1 to n_points, maybe the maximum overlap occurs for smaller shifts. Therefore, precomputing the correlation only for shifts within a certain range (like [-1, 1]) could speed up the computation and focus the optimization on critical shifts.

But the problem statement requires computing the maximum over all k, so this might not be valid.

Alternatively, precomputing the correlation for all k and then taking the maximum. But in the code, the 'full' mode returns the correlation for all shifts. However, the code currently uses np.correlate with mode='full', which returns a correlation of length 2n_points -1. But for shifts k where x +k is within [0,2], the integral is computed. So the code's current approach is correct.

But the code's current evaluation of C5 is done as max(np.correlate(...)*dx). However, the np.correlate function might not be the most efficient way. For example, using a convolution instead of a correlation could be faster, but in any case, it's a part of the evaluation that is acceptable.

Now, considering that the previous code's C5 value is 0.381142, which is slightly above 0.380876, the target is to find a C5 less than this. So potential improvements could involve finding a better initial guess, better optimization techniques, or more thorough searches.

Let me think about what the existing code could be improved upon.

The existing code starts with the initial_h_values, and then generates a set of guesses. Then, for each guess, it runs SLSQP optimization, and then runs DE for more exploration. Finally, it refines the best solution with SLSQP again.

Maybe the DE step should be used more, or the refinement steps should be more extensive.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial guesses are not sufficient. For example, the current code generates guesses that are based on waveforms, but maybe there are other useful patterns.

Another possibility: using a different initial guess that's more optimized. For example, starting with a function that has a certain number of pulses spaced apart in a particular way.

But since the initial_h_values is provided, and we can't modify it, maybe the code should use it as a starting point and try to refine it further.

In the existing code, the initial_h_values are used as one of the guesses. Perhaps the current code's refinement steps are not sufficient.

Let me think about what parameters could be adjusted.

In the SLSQP optimization, the options are {'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11}. Maybe increasing maxiter or adjusting ftol could help.

Similarly, in the DE step, the options are maxiter=80, but this could be increased.

But with the time budget, increasing these might not be feasible. For example, increasing the maxiter in DE to 100 might take longer, but perhaps it's worth it.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the refinement steps.

Another idea: using a combination of different methods, such as starting with DE and then using SLSQP with a better initial guess.

In the existing code, after generating the initial guesses with DE, the best solution is refined with SLSQP. Perhaps this is not enough. Maybe doing multiple rounds of DE and SLSQP refinement would help.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimization method.

Another possible improvement is to use the fact that the problem is convex for certain subsets. For example, if the overlap is dominated by a single shift, then the optimization could focus on minimizing that particular overlap. But this is speculative.

Alternatively, splitting the problem into two parts: finding a h that minimizes the maximum overlap for a few critical shifts, and then ensuring other shifts are not worse. This would require some heuristics.

In conclusion, to improve the existing code, I would try:

1. Using more diverse initial guesses, perhaps by adding more waveform types or varying parameters further.
2. Increasing the number of iterations for optimization steps, particularly the DE and SLSQP.
3. Making use of the initial_h_values more effectively as the primary starting point.
4. Refining the code's optimization parameters to better converge to the optimal solution.

Let me implement these ideas in code.

First, I'll modify the guess generation to include more waveforms. For example, adding more frequency ranges, or using a square wave instead of a pulse wave.

Then, I'll adjust the DE and SLSQP parameters to allow more iterations. Also, increasing the number of guesses or the number of refinement steps.

Another change: in the existing code, the DE is called 5 times, but with the time budget, maybe increasing this to 10 times. Or using more mutations.

Also, the current code uses 100 iterations for the DE, but maybe using fewer and focusing on better mutations.

But this is getting a bit too vague. Let me think about what specific changes can be made.

Perhaps simplifying the code by reducing the number of guess types, but increasing the diversity in parameters. For example:

- For pulses, generate with frequencies from 3 to 10, with varying duty cycles.
- For sawtooth and triangle waves, vary the frequency from 3 to 6, with different duty cycles.
- Add more random guesses.

But since the code already has multiple frequency ranges, perhaps this is redundant.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess generation, such as using a combination of pulses and triangle waves.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values as the primary guess, and then generate other guesses based on perturbations of it. For example, adding some random noise to it, then normalizing.

But the code already has an initial guess as one of the guesses.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the first guess and then applying DE around it.

But the existing code already includes that.

Another possible change: in the current code, the initial_h_values are used as one of the guesses, but maybe they should be the first guess, and then other guesses are generated from it.

Another idea: using the initial_h_values as the starting point and then performing a coordinate descent optimization, adjusting each h[i] to reduce the overlap.

But this would be computationally intensive.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local search method like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm.

But given the time, perhaps modifying the existing code's SLSQP settings to allow more iterations, or adjusting the tolerance.

In the existing code, the SLSQP optimization has {'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11}. The ftol is set very tight, which might not be necessary. Maybe relaxing the ftol could allow faster convergence.

Another idea: instead of using the 'full' mode, compute only the relevant shifts. For example, if the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts, focus on those. However, without prior knowledge, this is risky.

In summary, the main changes I would make are:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses.
- Increase the number of optimization steps.
- Adjust the optimization parameters for better convergence.

Now, I'll try to implement these changes in code.

For example, in the guess generation, adding more frequencies and varying duties.

Also, increasing the number of DE evaluations.

Another possible improvement: in the refinement steps, using more SLSQP iterations.

But given the time constraints, I need to make these changes in the code.

So, here's the plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the primary guess.
- Generate additional guesses by varying frequencies for pulses and other waveforms.
- Increase the number of DE evaluations.
- Increase the number of SLSQP iterations.
- Use more diverse waveforms.
- Optimize the parameters to balance between convergence speed and accuracy.

Now, coding this:

Adjust the guess generation to add more frequencies and duty cycles.

For example, generating pulses for frequencies up to 10, and duty cycles from 0.2 to 0.8 in steps of 0.1.

Similarly, for sawtooth and triangle waves with different frequencies and duties.

Also, including more random guesses.

In the current code, the guesses are generated with frequencies from 3 to 8 and duty cycles 0.5. Let's expand that.

Also, modifying the DE step to run more times, and increasing the maxiter for DE.

Moreover, in the refinement step, using more iterations of SLSQP.

But I need to fit all these changes into the code, making sure it runs within the time budget.

Let me outline the code changes:

In the guess generation:

- For pulses, loop over frequencies from 3 to 10, and duties from 0.2 to 0.8 in 0.1 steps.
- For sawtooth and triangle waves, same frequencies and duties.
- Add more random guesses.

This would increase the number of guesses, but with the time budget, it's acceptable.

Another change: in the DE step, increase the maxiter to 100, and allow more evaluations.

Also, in the SLSQP optimization, increase maxiter to 300.

But I need to test these changes.

Another possible optimization is to avoid redundant computations. For example, in the obj function, the correlation is computed every time. If the objective function can be memoized or optimized, that could save time, but in Python, this might not be feasible.

Overall, the code would look something like this:

Modify the guess generation to include more parameters, adjust DE and SLSQP settings, and perform more refinement.

So, here's the revised code:

First, generate guesses with more frequencies and duties.

Then, in the DE step, use more iterations and possibly more population.

Also, in the refinement steps, allow more iterations.

Finally, return the best solution found.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = 0.5 * (1 + np.cos(2 * np.pi * freq * x))
        return np.clip(wave * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 11):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.5, 0.7]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```