<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code uses a combination of different initial guesses and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, I need to understand what exactly is being optimized here. The function h(x) is a step function over [0,2], with integral 1. The overlap integral is the maximum of the convolution of h and 1-h, scaled by dx. The lower this value, the better.

The previous code starts from an initial guess and then iterates through various guess functions, optimizing each with SLSQP and differential evolution. But perhaps there's a different strategy. Maybe using more structured patterns, like periodic functions or certain waveforms, could lead to better results. For example, using a combination of pulses or a more efficient distribution of the mass.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given as a starting point. Maybe the current approach is getting stuck in a local minimum. To avoid that, perhaps trying different starting points could help. The previous code generates guesses with pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random samples. But maybe there are other waveforms or patterns to consider.

Another thought: the problem is similar to optimizing the overlap between the function and its shifted version. Maybe a more balanced distribution of the function's values over the interval would help. For example, spreading the 1s and 0s more evenly could reduce the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, using a non-uniform grid. The current code uses a linear spacing from 0 to 2. Maybe a non-uniform spacing could allow for better optimization, but that might complicate the discretization.

Another idea is to use a genetic algorithm approach, which is often effective for optimization problems with multiple local minima. However, the previous code already uses differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm. Maybe adjusting the parameters of differential evolution could yield better results.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution with popsize=100 and maxiter=50. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but that might take more time. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, so there's a trade-off here.

Also, the code uses multiple guesses and refines them. What if we focus more on specific types of functions? For example, using a periodic function with a certain frequency. Maybe a combination of different frequencies could lead to a better distribution.

Let me think about the current best C₅ value of 0.38085. How can we approach that? Maybe by finding a h that has minimal peaks when shifted. The function h and 1-h when convolved most likely have their maximum at some shift. So, distributing the mass of h in such a way that when you shift it, the overlap is minimized.

What if we model h as a set of pulses with specific positions and widths? For example, using a few pulses that are spaced out so that their overlaps are minimized. But with the integral constraint, the total area under h is fixed.

Alternatively, maybe using a piecewise linear function that alternates between high and low values in a way that balances the overlaps. However, creating such a function would require careful design.

Another approach is to use symmetry. The interval [0,2] can be divided into regions where h is 1 or 0. For example, if h is symmetric around 1.0, that might help balance overlaps when shifted.

Wait, the current code's initial_h_values are a 45-point array. Maybe the initial guess is not optimal. Could generating a different starting point, like a more balanced distribution, lead to better results?

Let me think about how to generate a better initial guess. For instance, using a periodic pattern with certain parameters. For example, a sine wave with a duty cycle adjusted to meet the integral constraint. Or a combination of multiple sine waves.

Another idea is to use a more complex optimization strategy, such as combining different optimization methods. For example, starting with a random guess, then using differential evolution to explore the space, followed by a local optimization with SLSQP to refine the solution.

But the previous code already does that. Perhaps adjusting the hyperparameters of the optimization algorithms could help. For instance, in the differential evolution, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters. Also, using a larger number of iterations for the differential evolution step.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach. However, the given code uses scipy's optimize functions, which might not include PSO.

Wait, the code imports scipy.optimize, which includes differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe using a hybrid approach where some steps are done with differential evolution and others with SLSQP could be effective.

Another consideration: the current objective function is to minimize the maximum overlap. However, the previous approach minimizes the maximum correlation, which is the same as the overlap integral. But maybe there's a way to formulate the problem as a constrained optimization problem where we directly minimize the maximum overlap, which is a non-convex problem.

However, solving such a problem directly is challenging. The current approach is to approximate it by evaluating the correlation and finding the maximum, then optimizing that.

Maybe another angle: instead of using a single function h, split the interval [0,2] into regions where h is set to 0 or 1, with some transitions. However, with the step function being a discrete approximation, maybe the best approach is to find the optimal positions and widths of the segments.

But how to model that? It might be complex to find the optimal positions and widths without a computational approach.

Alternatively, maybe using a regularization approach. For example, penalizing the maximum overlap by adding it to the objective function. However, this could complicate the optimization.

Another thought: the current code uses multiple guesses and refines them. Perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, including different waveform types like square waves, pulse trains, or combinations of different frequencies.

Wait, the previous code includes generated pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding other functions like square waves or more complex waveforms could expand the search space.

Alternatively, using a random walk or simulated annealing approach. But given the time constraints, perhaps using the existing methods with adjusted parameters is better.

What about the discretization? The current code uses n_points=45. Maybe trying smaller n_points (like 40 or 50) could lead to faster optimization and better results, given the time budget. However, the previous code uses 45, so maybe trying a slightly higher number of points would allow more precise optimization.

But with the time budget, the code needs to run quickly. So, perhaps the key is to find an initial guess that's close to the optimal, then use efficient optimization steps to refine it.

Another idea: the initial_h_values might be a construction that's already close to the optimal. So, instead of generating random guesses, focus on refining the initial guess. However, the previous code does that by using multiple guesses and refining them.

Wait, the previous code generates multiple initial guesses, such as pulses, sawtooth, etc., then optimizes them. Maybe the initial guess given via initial_h_values is not the best. But since the problem says to start from initial_h_values if available, we should use it as a starting point.

But perhaps the initial_h_values is a poor starting point. How can we adjust that?

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values is a specific pattern that could be modified. For example, if the initial_h_values is a certain waveform, we could try to find a better pattern by adding small perturbations.

Another approach is to use a more efficient optimization algorithm. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which is derivative-free and can handle non-smooth functions. However, the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution.

Wait, in the previous code, the initial guess is used, and then other guesses are generated. Perhaps we can try to generate more initial guesses that are tailored towards the problem.

For instance, instead of using random guesses, perhaps generating functions that have certain properties. For example, functions that are periodic but with different frequencies, or functions that have a certain symmetry.

Another idea is to use a structured grid. For example, if the optimal h has certain intervals where it is 1, then maybe a grid that divides the interval into equal parts and sets h to 1 in certain regions. However, the integral constraint requires that the total length of 1s is 1 (since the area is 1 over [0,2], which is length 2, so 1/2 of the interval must be set to 1).

Wait, the integral is sum(h) * dx = 1. Since dx is 2/n_points, sum(h) must be n_points/2. So, the average value of h is 0.5.

So, the function h has an average value of 0.5 over the interval. Therefore, it's like a Bernoulli process where half of the points are 1 and the other half are 0, but in a way that the sum is exactly n_points/2.

Ah, so the problem is similar to placing n_points/2 ones and the rest zeros in such a way that the maximum overlap is minimized. However, since h is a step function, it's possible that the function can take values between 0 and 1, which might allow for a more optimal distribution.

But the problem is to find a step function, which is a discretized approximation. So, in the discrete case, the function h is a vector of values between 0 and 1, with sum(h) = n_points/2.

So, the key is to find positions and values of h that minimize the maximum overlap integral.

Another thought: the overlap integral between h and 1-h when shifted is equivalent to the maximum of the convolution. So, to minimize this maximum, we need to arrange the function h such that when shifted by any k, the overlap with 1-h is as small as possible.

This seems similar to a packing problem, where the function h and its shifted versions don't overlap too much.

Perhaps using a set of points that are spaced in a way that their shifts don't overlap much. For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart, then shifting by some amount would create minimal overlap.

But how to model this in a numerical optimization? The current approach is to use numerical optimization methods to find the best h.

Perhaps trying to use a different optimization method that is more suited for this kind of problem. For example, using a combination of genetic algorithms and local search could be effective, but given the time constraints, maybe integrating multiple strategies is better.

Alternatively, using Bayesian optimization, which can explore the search space more efficiently. However, that would require more complex implementation.

Another angle: the current code uses a lot of different initial guesses, which might not be the most effective. Maybe generating more specialized initial guesses that are tailored towards the Erdős problem. For example, functions that are periodic with certain frequencies, or functions that have a specific symmetry.

Alternatively, using a construction based on the known optimal solutions for lower n. For example, if there is a known good pattern for smaller n_points, we can extrapolate or adjust it.

But without prior knowledge, this might be challenging.

Let me think about the parameters in the previous code. The differential evolution step has maxiter=50. Perhaps increasing this to 100, but that could take more time. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so perhaps balancing the number of iterations and the population size.

Another idea: instead of using the full correlation for the objective function, maybe use a different metric. However, the problem defines the objective as the maximum of the correlation, which is the same as the overlap integral.

So, the current objective function is correct.

Perhaps the key is to find a better initial guess. The initial_h_values is provided, but maybe generating a better initial guess by adjusting it.

Alternatively, using a different strategy for generating initial guesses. For example, instead of generating random guesses, generate some patterned functions that are likely to perform well, like a sine wave with certain parameters.

Wait, maybe a function that is 1 on intervals that are evenly spaced. For example, if the interval [0,2] is divided into m equal parts, and each part has a certain width where h is 1.

But the integral constraint requires that the total length of 1s is 1. So, if we divide [0,2] into m intervals, each of length 2/m, then the number of intervals with 1s would be (1) / (2/m) = m/2. However, m needs to be even for integer numbers of intervals. For example, if m=45, then m/2=22.5, which isn't possible. So, this approach might not work.

Alternatively, using a more flexible approach where the 1s are placed in certain positions. For example, placing them in a way that they are spaced apart to minimize overlap when shifted.

But how to model this? It's a complex problem.

Another idea: since the overlap integral involves shifting, perhaps the optimal h is periodic in some way. For example, if h is periodic with a period that divides 2, then shifting by multiples of the period would not increase the maximum overlap. However, this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that the overlap is minimized. For example, a square wave that has 1s in certain intervals and 0s in others. However, with the integral constraint, the total 1s must be 1, so this would require careful design.

But with the discretization, perhaps this can be modeled. For example, selecting certain positions where h is 1, ensuring that the sum is correct.

In the previous code, there are functions that generate pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding a function that generates a square wave could help.

Alternatively, perhaps the current initial_h_values is a square wave-like pattern. If so, modifying it could improve the result.

Another direction: instead of optimizing each guess separately, perform a more coordinated search over the parameter space. For example, using a grid search over certain parameters (like frequency, duty cycle, etc.) for the generated functions, and then optimizing those parameters.

But again, the time budget is tight.

Let me think about how to adjust the previous code. In the previous code, after generating initial guesses, the code uses SLSQP to refine them, followed by differential evolution and more SLSQP steps. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations for these steps could improve the result.

Alternatively, using a different starting point. For example, generating a more balanced initial guess that's not based on the initial_h_values.

Wait, the initial_h_values are provided, but the code uses them as one of the guesses. Maybe starting from the initial_h_values is the best approach, so the code should focus on refining that initial guess.

Alternatively, combining multiple refinement steps. For example, after refining with SLSQP, applying another optimization method.

But how to implement this in the code?

Another idea: since the problem is to find the maximum of the correlation, which is a non-smooth function, using a method that can handle non-smooth objectives might be better. However, the code uses SLSQP, which assumes smoothness.

Alternatively, integrating a penalty function approach where the maximum value is minimized by adding it to the objective function. However, this could be complex to implement.

Another possibility is to use a more efficient optimizer for the initial steps. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which might be faster for non-convex problems.

But given the time constraints, maybe the previous approach is already good, but some parameters need tweaking.

Let me consider the current best C₅ value of 0.38085. The target is to find a construction that shows C₅ ≤ 0.380876, which is slightly better. So, the current record is already very close. To improve on it, the new code needs to find a solution that reduces the maximum overlap further.

One possible way is to explore different initial guesses that are not based on the existing initial_h_values. For example, generating a new set of functions that are not based on pulses, sawtooth, or triangles. What if we use a different waveform, like a square wave with varying duty cycles?

Alternatively, using a combination of pulses. For instance, a pattern where the function h is 1 in certain intervals and then transitions to 0, but arranged to minimize overlap.

But how to code this?

Alternatively, considering that the overlap occurs when the function h and 1-h are misaligned. So, arranging h to be as "spread out" as possible might help. This is similar to the concept of a spreading sequence in coding theory.

Another thought: the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) over x is equivalent to the integral of h(x) - h(x)h(x+k). Since the integral of h(x) is 1, the integral of h(x)h(x+k) would be the overlap. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap would mean making h(x)h(x+k) as small as possible for all k.

This resembles a problem in signal processing where the autocorrelation of h is minimized. The function h should have low autocorrelation. In this case, the autocorrelation would be related to the integral of h(x)h(x+k) for different shifts k.

Therefore, the problem is to find a function h with integral 1 that has minimal autocorrelation, which is similar to the problem of finding low autocorrelation binary sequences.

In the case of binary sequences (h(x) being 0 or 1), this is related to the concept of Barker codes, which have minimal autocorrelation. However, our case is not exactly binary, but a step function with values between 0 and 1.

But maybe borrowing ideas from Barker codes could help. For example, using a sequence with low cross-correlation, such as a spreading code.

However, since the function is over a continuous interval and not discrete, this may not directly apply. But the principle of minimizing the overlap when shifted could be similar.

Another idea is to use a function whose Fourier transform has low energy in certain frequencies. This could help in minimizing the maximum overlap, as the Fourier transform of the correlation would be the product of the Fourier transforms of h and 1-h.

However, how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem?

Alternatively, since the problem involves optimizing over a continuous function, ensuring that the Fourier transform is spread out could help. But this requires knowledge of signal processing techniques.

But for the purpose of code, perhaps this is not straightforward.

Alternatively, returning to the previous approach, but modifying it. For example, increasing the number of iterations for the differential evolution steps, or changing the parameters.

In the previous code, during the differential evolution step, the mutation parameters are (0.5, 0.95), which might be too high or low. Maybe adjusting them to encourage better exploration.

Also, the number of generations in the differential evolution is 50, which might be too small. Perhaps increasing it to 100 or more, but this would require more time.

Another possible optimization is to reduce the number of guesses generated initially. The current code generates a lot of guesses, which may be redundant. Perhaps focusing on a few well-chosen guesses could be more efficient.

But given that the time budget is 100 seconds, perhaps not.

Another idea is to use a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using the covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy (CMA-ES), which is effective for continuous optimization. But scipy.optimize doesn't include CMA-ES.

Alternatively, using a different optimization routine in scipy, like Basin Hopping, which is good for non-convex optimization. However, the previous code uses differential evolution and SLSQP.

Alternatively, combining multiple optimization steps: first using differential evolution to find a good guess, then using SLSQP to refine it.

This seems similar to what the previous code does.

Another possible change is to adjust the parameters of the SLSQP optimization. For example, increasing the number of iterations or relaxing the tolerances.

In the previous code, the SLSQP optimization has options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9}. Maybe reducing the ftol could allow for more iterations and better convergence.

But this might take more time.

Another thought: the previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full'. However, when computing the overlap integral, we need to consider the convolution with 1-h, but the correct operation is to compute the correlation, which is similar to convolution with the reversed kernel. The current code uses the full mode, which returns the correlation over all possible shifts. The max of this is taken, which is the maximum overlap.

But maybe there's a more efficient way to compute this correlation for the optimization problem. However, the current approach is acceptable.

In summary, the previous approach is trying multiple initial guesses and refining them with optimization methods. To improve this, perhaps:

- Generate more effective initial guesses tailored for this problem.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods to allow better exploration.
- Increase the number of iterations in the optimization steps.
- Use a different set of initial guesses that explore different patterns.

For example, instead of generating pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, perhaps generate a square wave with a duty cycle that meets the integral constraint, or other waveform types.

But how to code this? Let me think.

Let me try to modify the code to include more varied initial guesses. For example, generating a square wave with a certain duty cycle, or a combination of different waveforms.

Alternatively, using a function that has a periodic pattern with a frequency that is a fraction of the interval length.

Another idea: the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe it's better to use it as the initial guess and focus on refining it with more optimization steps.

But the previous code already does that by using the initial_h_values as one of the guesses.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess that is almost like the initial_h_values but with some modifications. For example, perturbing the initial guess slightly to find a better solution.

But this is similar to the current approach.

In conclusion, the code needs to explore different starting points and use efficient optimization methods. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to use a combination of the initial guess, refined with SLSQP and differential evolution, but with adjusted parameters to allow for more thorough exploration.

So, modifying the previous code to include:

1. Generating more diverse initial guesses, like square waves, or other waveforms.
2. Adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP steps to allow for more iterations.
3. Using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses that are likely to perform well.

However, since the user is asking for an improved code, and given the time constraints, I need to come up with a code that is as efficient as possible, focusing on the most promising strategies.

Let me outline the steps for the new code:

- Start with the initial_h_values as the initial guess.
- Generate a few additional guesses based on different waveform patterns (like square waves, which might have better overlap properties).
- Use differential evolution to explore the space, possibly with more iterations.
- Use SLSQP for refinement.
- Track the best solution found during the process.
- Return the best solution.

But how to implement this in code without increasing the time too much?

Maybe the previous code already includes some of these steps, but I can tweak the parameters to improve the outcome.

Another possible change: instead of using 'full' mode in the np.correlate, perhaps there's a more efficient way to compute the maximum overlap. However, the current approach is correct.

Another idea: since the problem involves minimizing the maximum of the correlation, perhaps the objective function can be modified to penalize multiple overlaps. But this might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective optimization approach, but again, this might be complex.

In the end, the code should focus on generating a good initial guess, using efficient optimization steps, and refining it as much as possible within the time budget.

Given all this, the plan is to implement a code that uses the initial_h_values as a starting point, generates additional initial guesses based on square waves and other waveforms, and uses differential evolution and SLSQP with adjusted parameters to refine the solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_square(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_sine(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_square(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_sine(3, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=70,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```