<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is around 0.38085, and I need to aim for something even lower, like 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of different functions and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe I can come up with a better approach.

First, I should recall what the problem is about. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k is minimized. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. So I need to minimize the maximum value of this integral across all possible k.

The previous code tried several initial guesses based on pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random distributions. Then it used SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. But perhaps there's a better way. Maybe a more structured approach to the function design?

One idea is to use symmetry or periodicity. Since the integral is over [0,2], maybe considering a function that's symmetric around the center of the interval. Alternatively, perhaps using a combination of intervals or pulses that are spaced in a way to minimize overlaps.

Another thought: the current best solution might have a certain structure. For example, maybe the optimal function has a certain number of peaks or segments. If I can model that structure, maybe I can create a better initial guess.

Also, the previous code used different frequencies and duties for generating initial guesses. Maybe there's a better way to generate those initial guesses. For instance, trying more structured functions like periodic patterns with specific frequency and duty cycles.

Another possible approach is to consider that the maximum overlap integral corresponds to the worst-case shift. So maybe the optimal function is designed to have balanced overlaps for all shifts. This might suggest that the function should have a regular pattern that spreads out the mass in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

What about using a discrete version of this? For example, if the function is a step function with certain intervals, then shifting it by different amounts would lead to overlaps. The challenge is to arrange these intervals such that the maximum overlap is as small as possible.

Let me think about the constraints. The integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So the total area under the curve is 1. Since h is a step function, with n_points samples, each sample is a value between 0 and 1, and the sum of the samples multiplied by dx (which is 2/n_points) equals 1. Hence, sum(h) = n_points / 2.

So, for example, if I use n_points = 100, sum(h) = 50. So each sample is either 0 or 1, or some fractions in between, but the total sum must be 50.

The previous code used n=45, but maybe a higher n_points could give better results. However, the time budget is tight. So maybe using a smaller n_points would be better to allow more iterations within the budget.

Wait, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe using 100 or 200 samples could be better. Let me think. For example, if I use 200 samples, then dx is 0.01, which might lead to more precise calculations. But with more samples, the optimization might take longer. However, with the budget of 100 seconds, perhaps it's manageable.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, which is similar to a kind of worst-case analysis. Maybe using a greedy algorithm where we try to adjust the function step by step to reduce the maximum overlap. But how?

Alternatively, perhaps use a metaheuristic approach like genetic algorithms. But the previous code already tried differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe a combination of local search and global search could help.

Wait, the previous code used differential evolution for some iterations. Maybe I can refine the approach by using different initial guesses and more sophisticated optimization steps.

Another thing to consider is that the current code starts from the initial_h_values. If I can generate a better initial guess than the existing one, that might help. For example, the initial_h_values may be a certain structured function, like a pulse or a periodic wave. But perhaps a better initial guess is a more uniform distribution of masses that spreads out the values to minimize overlap when shifted.

Let me think about what the optimal function might look like. If the function is a step function with multiple intervals, each of length l, spaced out so that overlapping when shifted doesn't accumulate too much. Maybe a pattern that is periodic with certain properties.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that has a certain symmetry. For instance, if the function is symmetric around 1, then shifting by 1 unit would flip the function. But this might not directly help, but it's a thought.

Another approach: since the overlap integral depends on all shifts k, maybe the optimal function has a structure that makes the overlaps for different shifts as balanced as possible. This could be similar to a quantization problem, where you want to minimize the worst-case error.

Alternatively, think about the overlap integral as similar to a convolution. The maximum value of the convolution of h with (1 - h) shifted by different amounts. Wait, the integral is over h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So if we fix k, the overlap is the integral, which is similar to the convolution of h and 1 - h evaluated at k, scaled by dx. However, the maximum over k is what we need to minimize.

But for the convolution approach, perhaps certain properties can be leveraged. For example, the maximum value of the convolution could be minimized by choosing h with certain properties, like a balance between flatness and periodicity.

But how to translate this into an algorithm?

Maybe instead of trying different random guesses, use a more informed approach to generate initial guesses. For example, using a function that has a certain number of intervals arranged periodically.

Another thought: since the previous solution used a combination of different functions (pulses, sawtooth, triangle), maybe trying more exotic functions or combinations of them.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal C₅ is known to be around 0.38..., perhaps constructing a function that has a specific shape, such as a combination of multiple overlapping pulses arranged with certain spacing.

But how to model this? Maybe using a piecewise constant function with multiple segments. For example, if I have a certain number of intervals where h is 1, then the shifts that align those intervals would create higher overlaps. So the problem is to arrange these intervals in a way that the overlapping overlaps are minimized.

Alternatively, thinking in terms of the Erdős problem: the constant C₅ is the minimal value such that there exists a function h with integral 1, and for all shifts k, the overlap integral is ≤ C₅. The problem is to find a function that achieves this.

So, perhaps the optimal function has a certain number of intervals. For instance, if I can find a function with 5 intervals, each of length 2/5, separated in such a way that the overlaps when shifted are minimized. But this is just a guess. For example, if the intervals are spaced apart so that their shifts don't overlap much.

But with 5 intervals, the total length would be 2, so each interval length is 0.4. If spaced evenly, but with some overlap. But this might not be optimal. Alternatively, maybe a more complex arrangement.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of multiple overlapping pulses. For example, using a certain number of pulses, each with a certain width, positioned such that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

But how to model this in code? Maybe using an optimization approach that tries to adjust the positions and widths of these pulses.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, which is a convex function? Not sure. Maybe the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem, but perhaps not directly. However, if I can approximate it as such, then using tools like CVXOPT could be helpful.

But the previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe trying to use a different optimization method could help. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach or a more efficient gradient-based method.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to build upon the existing code but with some improvements. Let's think about the previous code's structure.

In the previous code, several initial guesses were generated using pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Then, they used SLSQP to refine them. Then, differential evolution was used, and then further refinements with SLSQP.

Perhaps the key is to generate better initial guesses. Instead of generating random guesses, maybe try a more systematic approach, like generating functions based on a specific pattern that could lead to lower C₅.

For example, creating a function that is a periodic function with certain parameters. For example, a square wave with certain duty cycle. But how to determine the parameters?

Alternatively, using a function that has a certain number of intervals arranged in a way that their shifts lead to overlaps which are all small.

Another thought: since the current best is achieved with a certain function, perhaps perturbing that function slightly could lead to a better solution. However, without knowing the initial structure, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal function is a step function with multiple segments arranged periodically. For example, if I have n_segments segments, each of length 2/n_segments, and they are arranged in such a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

But how to code this? Perhaps generating a step function with a certain number of segments, and then optimizing their positions and widths.

Wait, but the previous code uses n_points as the number of samples, and h is a step function represented by n_points samples. So maybe the optimal function is a step function with certain properties, like being periodic with a certain period.

Alternatively, think about the problem as a covering problem: the function h should be such that when shifted by any k, the overlap with 1 - h is minimized. This is similar to designing a set of intervals that have minimal overlap when placed at any position.

But I'm not sure how to translate that into code.

Another idea: the overlap integral for a shift k can be thought of as the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). Since h(x) is between 0 and 1, this is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0, plus the area where h(x) is 0.5 and h(x +k) is 0.5, etc. But the maximum over all k is what we need to minimize.

Alternatively, since the maximum is over k, perhaps we can focus on the worst-case shifts. For example, if we can find a shift where the overlap is high, we need to adjust the function to reduce that overlap.

But how to find that shift in optimization?

Maybe the previous code uses a numerical approach to compute the maximum overlap for the current h, and then the optimization tries to minimize that. So the loss function is the maximum of the correlations, and we want to minimize that.

So, the challenge is to find h that minimizes this maximum.

Now, considering the computational constraints, I need to make sure that the code runs within the 100 seconds. So perhaps using more efficient optimization methods or better initial guesses.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed number of initial guesses, generate a variety of initial structures, such as different pulse configurations, and optimize each. Then pick the best one.

But in code, how to generate these? For example, generating a function with peaks spaced at specific intervals.

Wait, the previous code generated various pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions. Maybe trying to generate more structured functions, like a sequence of pulses with specific widths and spacing, could lead to better initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of several pulses, each with varying widths and positions, and optimizing those parameters.

But considering the time, perhaps the best approach is to use a more sophisticated optimization method, like using a genetic algorithm, but with a limited number of iterations.

However, the previous code already uses differential evolution, which is a metaheuristic. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or varying the parameters could help.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed n_points (45). Maybe increasing the n_points to, say, 200 or 100 could lead to better results. Let's think: higher n_points allows for more precise representation of the function, but the optimization might take longer. However, since the budget is 100 seconds, perhaps it's feasible.

But how to choose n_points? Let's say 100 samples. Then dx is 0.02. The sum of h would be 50. Let's see.

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values have a certain n_points (like 45), and trying to use that same n_points could be better. But if the initial guess is not optimal, perhaps starting with higher n_points could help.

But the problem says that smaller sequences (less than 1k) are preferred. So maybe using n_points around 100 is acceptable.

Let me think about how to modify the previous code. For example, the previous code uses multiple initial guesses and then optimizes them. Perhaps adding more structured initial guesses, such as functions with specific patterns, could help.

Another idea: the optimal function could be designed to have a certain minimal maximum overlap. For example, if we choose a function that is a sequence of intervals spaced in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. This is similar to a spacing problem, like placing objects to minimize overlap.

But how to model this in code? For example, if I have m intervals, each of length l, spaced such that their positions are chosen to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted.

But this seems complex. Perhaps instead, I can use an algorithm that tries to adjust the positions and widths of intervals in an iterative way.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal function has a certain symmetry. For example, the function could be symmetric around the center of the interval [0,2], which would help when shifts are symmetric.

But without more specific knowledge, it's hard to know. So perhaps the best approach is to generate a variety of structured initial guesses and use optimization to refine them.

Let me consider that the previous code uses different functions (pulses, sawtooth, triangle) with varying frequencies and duties. Maybe adding more structured functions, like a combination of multiple pulses or a more complex waveform, could help.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of several different pulses with different widths and spacings. For example, generating a function with 3 or 5 pulses, each with certain parameters, and then optimizing those parameters.

But how to code this? For example, creating a function that has certain number of peaks, and varying their positions and widths. Then, using an optimization method to find the best positions and widths.

Alternatively, using a parametrized function. For instance, a function that alternates between 1 and 0 at certain positions, and then optimizing the positions to minimize the maximum overlap.

But this seems too vague. Maybe it's better to try a different initial guess strategy.

Another thought: perhaps the current code could be modified to use a more efficient optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, instead of using SLSQP and differential evolution, maybe using a more efficient local search method.

But without knowing, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal function is similar to a well-known solution in signal processing, such as a window function that minimizes certain overlaps.

For example, the optimal function could be a sinc function or a raised cosine function. But since h is a step function, maybe approximating such functions with a piecewise constant function.

But again, how to model this in code?

Another possibility: the current code uses NP-correlate to compute the max overlap. Perhaps there's a better way to compute the maximum overlap, but I don't think so. The current approach is correct.

So, in summary, maybe the best approach is to try to generate better initial guesses, such as more structured functions, and then use efficient optimization methods to refine them. Also, perhaps using a higher n_points could lead to better results.

So, modifying the previous code, perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses with different structures, and using a more refined optimization.

Let me outline the plan for the new code:

1. Use the initial_h_values, which is already provided, as a starting point.
2. Generate additional initial guesses with different structured functions (e.g., more pulses, different duty cycles, etc.).
3. Use differential evolution for global search, then SLSQP for refinement.
4. Perhaps try multiple n_points values, but since the user says smaller sequences are preferred, stick to the same n_points as the initial_h_values (if possible) or a slightly larger one.
5. Optimize the code for faster execution within the time budget.

Let me think about possible code changes:

- Instead of generating a fixed number of guesses, perhaps generate more guesses with structured patterns.
- Use a more efficient initial guess generation, such as generating a function with a certain number of pulses spaced evenly.
- Adjust the parameters of differential evolution (e.g., population size, mutation rate) to improve convergence.
- Add more refinements with SLSQP after the initial optimization.

Also, the previous code used a certain set of initial guesses. Maybe generating more guesses with different pulse frequencies or combining them.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is symmetric, perhaps focusing on shifts in a certain range. For example, the maximum overlap occurs for shifts within [0, 1], so maybe the function can be optimized to minimize the overlap in this range.

Alternatively, perhaps precompute the possible shifts and optimize for the worst-case shift.

But again, not sure.

In the new code, I can try generating more guesses, such as a function with more pulses arranged in a certain pattern. For example, a function with 5 pulses arranged symmetrically.

Alternatively, generating a function with a certain number of segments that alternate between 1 and 0. For example, a function that has a pattern of 1, 0, 1, 0, etc., but adjusted for the interval [0,2].

But how to code this? For example, if the function has a certain number of segments, each of length l, then the code can generate a function with those segments.

Alternatively, using a function that is a periodic sequence with a certain period. But since the interval is [0,2], the period could be 2/m for some m. 

But perhaps this is overcomplicating.

Given the time constraints, I think the best approach is to build upon the previous code, add more structured initial guesses, and improve the optimization steps. Also, try using a different optimization approach or adjust parameters to allow for better convergence.

So, here's a plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate additional initial guesses, such as functions with multiple pulses, sawtooth with varying duty cycles, and random guesses.
- Use a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP to optimize these guesses.
- Refine the best solution further with SLSQP.
- Ensure that the code is efficient enough to run within the 100-second budget.

Now, the previous code already does this, but perhaps the key is to generate better initial guesses. So, perhaps adding more structured functions, such as a combination of pulses with different widths, or functions that have more symmetry.

For example, generating a function with multiple pulses spaced evenly. For instance, if I have m pulses, spaced every 2/m units. But the problem is that the initial_h_values have a certain n_points, so the code must generate such functions with the same n_points.

So, for example, for the initial n_points, create a function with m pulses, each of length 2/m, spaced evenly. But how to code this?

In Python, for a given n_points, we can generate a function where certain positions are set to 1, and others to 0, or have some other values. For example, for m pulses, each of length 2/m, the code can generate a step function that has those pulses.

But how to code this? Maybe for a given m, generate a step function that has m pulses, each of width 2/m, and then adjust their positions to minimize overlap.

But this seems complex. Perhaps a simpler approach: generate a function that is a combination of pulses with certain spacing.

Alternatively, for the initial guesses, generate functions that have a certain number of pulses with varying widths and positions. For example, using a function that has 3 or more pulses, arranged symmetrically.

But again, this is getting too vague. Maybe proceed with modifying the existing code to generate more initial guesses and adjust hyperparameters.

Another idea: the current code uses a single initial guess from initial_h_values, but maybe using this as a guess and generating other guesses based on it could help. For example, creating perturbed versions of the initial guess.

But without knowing the initial_h_values' structure, it's hard to say.

In any case, the previous code's structure is to use multiple initial guesses, optimize them with SLSQP, and then perform differential evolution and refinement. So replicating that structure with more initial guesses could help.

Another possible change: using a different initial guess generation for the pulses. For example, varying the frequency and duty cycle more widely.

Alternatively, generating initial guesses with different numbers of pulses. For instance, using a combination of functions with 3, 4, 5 pulses, etc.

But again, this is speculative.

In summary, the new code would likely be similar to the previous code but with more structured initial guesses and possibly more refined optimization steps. So, here's the code:

- Use the initial_h_values.
- Generate more structured guesses (like pulses with different frequencies and duties).
- Use a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP for optimization.
- Refine the best solution further.

The code will follow the same structure as the previous, but with more varied guesses and possibly adjusted parameters.

Now, let me code this.

The code would start by importing necessary modules, then define the run function.

The main steps are:

1. Initialize with the initial_h_values.
2. Generate various initial guesses.
3. Perform optimization using different methods.
4. Refine the best solution.
5. Return the best solution.

But to make it more efficient, perhaps reduce the number of guesses or adjust the parameters.

In the previous code, there were several guess functions. Let me think of adding more guess functions or varying parameters.

For example, in the previous code, the guesses included:

- The initial guess.
- Various pulse functions with different frequencies and duties.
- Sawtooth functions.
- Triangle functions.
- Random guesses.

Perhaps adding more pulse functions with different frequencies, and varying the duty cycle more.

Also, adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution, such as the mutation range and recombination rate, could help convergence.

Another possible improvement is to use the initial guess as the first guess and then generate other guesses based on perturbations of it.

But without knowing the initial_h_values, perhaps proceed with the previous strategy.

In the new code, perhaps use the same initial guesses, but increase the number of iterations for differential evolution or refine it further.

Alternatively, perhaps using a hybrid approach where after differential evolution, perform more SLSQP optimizations.

Given all this, the new code would be similar to the previous one, but with some modifications to generate better initial guesses and possibly adjust optimization parameters.

Now, coding this, keeping in mind the constraints.

The final code will look something like this, with more guess functions and optimized parameters.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 11):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```