<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral. The current best is around 0.38085, and we need to get even lower, like 0.380876. 

First, I need to understand the existing approach. The previous code uses a combination of different guess functions (like pulses, sawtooth, triangle) and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. It starts with an initial guess and refines it. However, the user wants a different approach, maybe more efficient or better at escaping local minima.

Hmm, maybe instead of relying on multiple initial guesses, I can use a more structured optimization method. Or perhaps use a different type of function that could better distribute the overlap. 

Wait, the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap when shifting the function h(x) by k. So, the overlap integral for each shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The maximum over all k is what we need to minimize.

The existing code uses a discretization with n_points samples. The initial solution has 45 points. However, maybe using a higher n_points could help get a better bound, but the user prefers smaller sequences. Wait, the previous code uses n=45. Let me check the user's note: "Smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred - they are faster to optimize and evaluate." So, maybe using a lower n_points, say 30, 40, could be better. Wait, but the initial_h_values is given with n=45. So maybe starting from there is better than generating a new one. 

Another idea: the problem is similar to designing a signal that minimizes the maximum cross-correlation with itself shifted by different lags. This is similar to code design in communications, where you want sequences with low autocorrelation. So perhaps using a Barker code or similar structure. However, Barker codes are for binary sequences and have limited length. 

Alternatively, maybe using a more sophisticated optimization approach. The existing code uses SLSQP with constraints, but maybe adding more constraints or using different optimization algorithms. 

Wait, the existing code uses a lot of different guess functions, which might be exploratory. Maybe I can use a smarter initial guess, like a combination of pulses spaced in a way that minimizes overlap. For example, if we have pulses separated by certain intervals, their overlaps when shifted would be minimized.

Another angle: the integral is over [0, 2], and the function h is a step function. So, maybe structuring h as a set of intervals where it's 1 or 0, arranged to minimize the overlap. The overlapping regions when shifted would be where the original h and the shifted (1-h) overlap.

Wait, but the overlap is h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). For each k, the integral is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. So, the total overlap is the measure of x where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. 

To minimize the maximum over k, we need to arrange the regions where h is 1 such that no shift k causes too much overlap. So, maybe arranging the 1s in the h function in a staggered way, like a set of intervals that are spaced to avoid overlapping when shifted.

But how can this be translated into a numerical optimization problem? Maybe by creating a function that is piecewise constant with a certain number of intervals, and then optimizing the positions and lengths of these intervals.

Alternatively, since we're working with a discretized version, perhaps the problem is similar to placing certain points (1s) in the interval [0, 2] such that when shifted, they don't overlap too much. But how to model that?

Another thought: the previous code uses a variety of guess functions. Maybe instead of generating random guesses, I can use a more systematic approach. For example, using a baseline initial guess like the one provided (initial_h_values) and then perturbing it in specific ways to find better solutions.

Wait, maybe the problem can be approached with a genetic algorithm. But the user's code uses differential evolution, which is a form of evolutionary algorithm. However, the previous approach might have been too slow for the given time budget.

Alternatively, could I use a better optimization algorithm, like Bayesian optimization, to efficiently search the space? But that might require more setup and could be complex.

Wait, the user's code already uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe refining the optimization parameters. For example, increasing the population size in differential evolution, or adding more refinement steps.

But the user's note says that the previous code achieved a C₅ of 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. So, even a small improvement would be needed.

Another idea: the current approach uses multiple initial guesses, but perhaps focusing on the initial guess and refining it more effectively. For example, using a better initial guess, such as the initial_h_values, and applying more refinement steps with SLSQP.

Wait, the current code starts with initial_h_values and then applies SLSQP to various guesses, including some generated ones. Maybe the initial guess is good, and further optimization could bring it closer to the target.

But how to improve upon that? Maybe using a more efficient method for local refinement. For example, using a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP, but with better parameters.

Alternatively, considering that the function to optimize is the maximum of several correlation values, perhaps using a more directed approach. For example, identify which shifts k are the most problematic and try to minimize those first.

Another angle: the objective function is the maximum of several integrals. To minimize this maximum, perhaps the problem can be transformed into a constrained optimization problem where each of these integrals is bounded by the same value. This is similar to a minimax problem.

But how to model that with the given constraints? Maybe not directly, because each k would correspond to a different constraint. But with n_points samples, there are O(n) different shifts. However, in the discretized version, the shifts correspond to different lags. 

Alternatively, since the integral is approximated by the correlate function, which for a full mode gives all possible lags. The maximum of these is the value we want to minimize.

So, the problem is equivalent to minimizing the max over all lags of the correlation between h and 1 - h. 

In the existing code, this is done by evaluating the correlate and taking the maximum. 

So, the main challenge is to find h that makes all these correlations as small as possible.

Possible approaches:

1. Use more effective initial guesses that are better structured, like using the initial h_values and then varying them in a way that reduces the max correlation.

2. Use a different optimization method that can find better minima. For example, using gradient-based methods with better initialization.

3. Incorporate more constraints or use more advanced optimization techniques.

But how to implement this efficiently within the time budget?

Another idea: the initial_h_values may be a good starting point. Maybe the current code's approach of starting with that and applying various guesses might be the best, but perhaps with some tweaks. For example, increasing the number of refinement steps, using better parameters for SLSQP, or adjusting the mutation rates in differential evolution.

Alternatively, the code could try using a different type of initial guess, such as placing the 1s in a way that they are spaced equally across the interval, to minimize overlap when shifted. For example, using a regular grid of 1s and 0s. However, this would need to satisfy the integral constraint (sum(h) = n_points / 2). 

Wait, for example, if we have n_points samples, and we want to place half of them as 1s. Then, if we spread them evenly, they might have lower overlap when shifted. But this is just an idea. Maybe this structure could be a good initial guess, and then optimized further.

Alternatively, using a combination of regular and irregular patterns.

Another thought: since the problem's integral is over [0, 2], perhaps the optimal h is periodic or has some symmetry. For example, a function that is symmetric around 1. But this is a vague idea.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is over all k, but the function is defined over [0,2], the shifts k that are most problematic would be those that correspond to the distance between the intervals of h. For example, if the intervals are spaced sufficiently apart, their shifts would not overlap much.

But how to quantify this? Maybe the optimal solution would have intervals placed such that the distance between any two 1s is such that their shifted versions don't overlap too much.

Alternatively, since the function is piecewise constant, the maximum overlap occurs when the shift k is such that the intervals of 1 in h and 1 in (1-h) shifted by k overlap. 

This seems similar to the concept of a "covering code," where you want to place points such that their coverage overlaps as little as possible. 

In any case, the challenge is to find a good h structure that minimizes this maximum. Given the time constraints, perhaps focusing on refining the existing approach but with more effective optimization steps.

Looking back at the previous code, it uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the parameters of these algorithms could help. For example, in the SLSQP method, increasing the maxiter or reducing the ftol could allow for better convergence.

Alternatively, using a more efficient method for local refinement. For instance, after finding a candidate solution, performing a more intensive local search.

Another idea: since the problem has a large number of possible shifts, maybe the most critical shifts are those near the sampled points. However, the correlate function in the code is evaluated with the full mode, which includes all possible lags. So, the maximum is taken over all lags, which is O(n) values.

But with the current approach, the objective function is the maximum of these values, and the constraint is that the integral of h is 1. 

So, to improve upon the previous solution, perhaps using a better initial guess, like the initial_h_values, and then applying more sophisticated optimization steps.

Another approach: using a metaheuristic like simulated annealing. However, the previous code uses differential evolution which is a metaheuristic, so maybe that's already covered.

Alternatively, using a combination of different optimization techniques. For example, starting with differential evolution to explore the space, then using SLSQP for local refinement.

In the existing code, after generating some guesses, they use SLSQP to refine them. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or adjusting the parameters of SLSQP could help.

Another possible improvement: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, it's a convex optimization problem? Probably not, because the maximum of convex functions is not convex. Hence, any optimization approach will have to deal with non-convexity and potential local optima.

Given that, perhaps the key is to find a good initial guess and then perform a thorough local search. The initial_h_values might be a good starting point. 

So, the revised plan could be:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as the base.

2. Use a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP to refine it.

3. Use more extensive parameter tuning for the optimization steps.

4. Incorporate more structured initial guesses based on the initial_h_values.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess based on the initial_h_values. For example, perturbing it slightly in certain ways to see if that leads to better results.

Another consideration: the current code uses a fixed number of guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, etc.), but maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help escape local minima. However, this requires generating more guesses, which could take more time within the budget.

But with the time constraint, perhaps focusing on a few high-quality guesses and refining them.

Another idea: the current code's evaluation of the maximum correlation is done via the full correlate. But when using a discretized h, the actual integral is approximated by the sum of h_i * (1 - h_{i + k}) * dx for each possible shift k. However, the correlate function in numpy might not handle the indexing correctly. For example, the full mode returns a result of length 2*n_points - 1, where each element corresponds to a lag. So, the maximum of these values multiplied by dx gives the C5.

But in the previous code, the initial_h_values have a length of 45. The dx is 2/45. So, the integral is computed correctly. 

Now, the problem is to find h that minimizes the maximum of these correlations. Given the time, perhaps the previous approach can be modified by:

- Using more aggressive optimization steps with the initial guess.

- Adding more refinement steps.

- Changing the parameters of the optimization algorithms (like the tolerance, number of iterations, etc.)

- Maybe using a different optimization method for certain steps.

Another approach: since the initial_h_values is given, perhaps using that as the starting point and applying a more precise optimization. For example, the code could first perform a few iterations of differential evolution, then switch to SLSQP for more precise tuning.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: use differential evolution for global optimization, then use SLSQP for local optimization, repeating this process multiple times to find better solutions.

In the previous code, they do a few iterations of differential evolution and then refine with SLSQP. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations could help. However, within the time budget, the code has to stay under 100 seconds.

Another idea: the function to optimize (the max of the correlations) is not smooth, so gradient-based methods like SLSQP may struggle. But differential evolution is a global optimizer that might work better. However, the previous approach uses both methods. 

So, to improve, perhaps:

- Use differential evolution with a larger population and more iterations, then refine with SLSQP.

- Use more effective initial guesses based on the initial_h_values.

- Adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms to allow for better convergence.

Now, considering code structure, the previous code uses multiple guesses (including the initial one) and tries them all. However, maybe focusing on the initial guess and refining it more thoroughly might yield better results.

Another point: the code uses a variable n_points which is the length of the initial_h_values. If the initial_h_values have n=45, then the previous code uses that. But maybe reducing n_points to a lower number could allow more iterations. For example, using n=30 instead of 45. Wait, but the initial_h_values may have been designed for n=45. If we change n, the initial_h_values may not be applicable. Hence, it's important to use the initial_h_values as provided.

So, the code should stick to the initial_h_values' n_points. 

Putting all together, here's a revised plan:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

2. Apply differential evolution to explore the space with this initial guess, allowing for more effective global search.

3. Then, use SLSQP with a high number of iterations to refine the solution.

4. Also, consider perturbing the initial solution slightly and applying the same process to see if better solutions can be found.

Additionally, adjust the parameters of the optimization functions (like ftol, maxiter, etc.) to allow for more precise convergence.

Another consideration: the objective function in SLSQP and differential evolution can be computationally expensive. Hence, using a lower resolution (like fewer iterations) might be necessary to stay within the time budget.

In code terms, adjusting the parameters for optimize.minimize and optimize.differential_evolution to be more lenient, allowing the algorithm to run longer, but ensuring that the total time doesn't exceed 100 seconds.

Another idea: the current code uses several guesses, but if the initial guess is good, then focusing on refining it could be more effective. Hence, the code could start by running differential evolution on the initial guess, then apply multiple SLSQP refinements.

In terms of code, the existing code uses a list of guesses, including the initial_h_values, and refines each. Perhaps focusing on the initial guess and applying more thorough optimization steps.

Moreover, using the initial_h_values as the starting point, the code could generate several perturbations of this initial guess (like adding small random noise), then apply optimization to each of them.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses a fixed number of guesses (e.g., 3 pulses, 4 sawtooth etc.) but this may not be sufficient. Generating more diverse initial guesses could help in escaping local optima. However, this would require generating more guesses, which could be computationally expensive.

In terms of code structure, perhaps the previous approach could be adapted by using a different set of initial guesses based on the initial_h_values. For example, generating shifted versions of the initial_h_values, or varying the duty cycles.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the starting point and applying more robust optimization methods.

In conclusion, the key improvements would involve:

- Focusing on the initial_h_values and perturbations of it for more effective local optimization.

- Using more aggressive parameters for optimization algorithms to allow deeper exploration.

- Refining the solution with multiple SLSQP steps after initial optimization.

Now, translating this into code. The previous code uses a variety of guesses, but we can simplify by focusing on the initial guess and a few perturbations. However, the user's note says that if the initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So, the code should start with that.

So, the code would:

- Start with the initial_h_values.

- Use differential evolution to explore around it.

- Then, apply multiple SLSQP refinements.

- Adjust parameters for better convergence.

The code should also include the evaluation of the maximum correlation as the objective function.

Another possible tweak: using a different constraint handling. The existing code uses an equality constraint for the sum. But since the optimization is constrained, it's important to ensure that the constraint is satisfied.

In terms of code, the existing code uses optimize.minimize with the constraints. So, the code should maintain that.

Now, let's think about the code modifications:

1. Instead of generating many guesses, perhaps focus on the initial_h_values and a few other perturbations.

2. For differential evolution, increase the number of iterations or population size.

3. For SLSQP, increase maxiter and adjust ftol.

But given the time budget, the code needs to be efficient. For example, limiting the number of generations in differential evolution and the number of refinement steps.

Another possible improvement: using a lower fidelity evaluate function, like approximating the max correlation with a subset of lags, but this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, precompute the lags that are most problematic and focus the optimization on those. But how to identify them without knowing the solution?

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to focus on refining the initial guess with enhanced optimization parameters.

So, in code, the revised run function would:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

- Run differential evolution with more iterations.

- Run multiple SLSQP refinements with higher maxiter.

- Possibly add perturbation steps to the initial guess.

Also, adjust the parameters for the optimize functions to allow for better convergence.

In terms of code structure, the existing code has a loop over guesses, which includes the initial_h_values and other generated guesses. But if we focus on the initial guess and a few perturbations, that could be more efficient.

Another idea: using the initial_h_values and then applying random perturbations to create new guesses, which are then optimized. This can help escape local optima.

In summary, the code would:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the base.

2. Generate a few perturbations of this base (e.g., adding small random noise).

3. Apply differential evolution to each perturbation, then refine with SLSQP.

4. Compare the results and keep the best one.

This approach might find a better solution than the previous code, which tried many different types of guesses.

Now, translating this into code:

The modified run function would start with the initial_h_values, generate perturbations, and optimize them. Also, use the initial guess as one of the guesses and refine it.

The code would have to manage the time budget by limiting the number of iterations.

Another point: the previous code uses a 'de_guess' function that runs differential evolution and then SLSQP. Perhaps increasing the number of such iterations could help.

But with the time budget, the code must be efficient.

Given all this, the revised code would focus on the initial guess, perturb it, and apply more thorough optimization steps.

Now, writing the code accordingly.

The main steps are:

- Import necessary modules.

- Define the run function with the given seed and budget.

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

- Define the objective function and constraints.

- Use differential evolution and SLSQP with adjusted parameters.

- Refine the best solution through multiple iterations.

The code should return the best h, the C5 bound, and the number of points.

So, the code structure would be similar to the previous one, but with a more focused optimization strategy on the initial guess and its perturbations.

Now, considering the code's lines and token count, the code needs to be concise. So, the code would be written with these steps in mind, ensuring that it stays within the character and line limits.

Another optimization: replacing the various guess functions with simpler ones that focus on the initial guess. For example, generating a few random perturbations of the initial_h_values.

In conclusion, the code should use the initial_h_values, perturb it, and apply more intensive optimization steps with adjusted parameters to achieve a better C5.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    def perturb(h_vals, sigma=0.05):
        return np.clip(h_vals + sigma * np.random.randn(*h_vals.shape), 0, 1)

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = perturb(best_h)
        h_opt = optimize.minimize(obj, h_opt, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                 constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                                 options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9}).x
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```