<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is around 0.38085, and we're aiming for even lower. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, let me recall the problem. We need to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by any k. The overlap integral is calculated as the integral of h(x)*(1-h(x+k)) dx. The challenge is to minimize the maximum of these integrals over all k.

The previous code used an initial guess based on some pulse and sawtooth functions, then applied SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. But maybe there's a better approach. Let me consider alternative strategies.

One idea is to use a more structured approach. Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps a periodic or symmetric design could help. For example, using a function that's symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], or has some regular pattern that distributes the "mass" evenly.

Another thought: the overlap integral for a particular shift k is the same as the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since the function is periodic over the interval [0,2], maybe considering the function in terms of its Fourier series could help. But maybe that's getting too complex.

Alternatively, I can think about the function h(x) as a set of intervals where it's 1 or 0. But since it's a step function, it's made of segments of 0 or 1. However, the previous code uses a discretized approach with samples, so maybe we can model this as a binary optimization problem, but with the constraint that the integral is 1.

Wait, but the problem allows h(x) to be any step function, not necessarily binary. So maybe using a more sophisticated design, like a multi-level function with different segments, could be better.

Let me also consider that the maximum overlap over all k's is the key. So, for each k, we need to ensure that the overlap is small. This is similar to a covering problem where we want to cover the shifts with minimal overlap.

Another approach is to consider that the overlap integral for a shift k is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x+k) is 0. This is equivalent to the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum over k, we need to arrange h(x) so that for any shift, there isn't a large region where h is 1 and h(k + x) is 0.

This resembles a covering problem where we want to avoid placing too much of the function h(x) in positions that would create large overlaps when shifted. Maybe a way to achieve this is by distributing the function h(x) in such a way that it has multiple segments, each spaced apart so that shifts would not align them in a way that causes large overlaps.

The previous code tried using different pulse and triangle waveforms, but maybe using a more structured pattern, like a sequence of overlapping intervals with controlled spacing, could lead to better results.

Let me think about the initial_h_values. The current initial construction has 45 points. If we can find a better initial construction, that might lead to better results. But since the user allows using the initial_h_values if available, perhaps I should start from there and try to refine it.

Another idea: since the problem involves shifting, maybe the function should be designed to have certain symmetries. For example, a periodic function that repeats every certain interval. However, the domain is [0,2], so maybe using a symmetric function around 1 (midpoint of the interval) could help balance the overlaps.

Also, the current code uses differential evolution and SLSQP optimization. Maybe combining multiple optimization techniques would help. For example, using a genetic algorithm for global search, then refined with local optimization.

But the problem is the time budget. The previous code uses differential evolution for a few iterations and then SLSQP. Maybe I can adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms to get better results.

Wait, the user wants a better upper bound. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876 (actually, lower is better). So even a slight improvement would be helpful.

Another angle: the overlap integral can be rewritten. Let's think about the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This is equivalent to the integral over x of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x) h(x +k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) dx is 1, the overlap integral becomes 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx. Therefore, our objective is to minimize the maximum over k of (1 - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx), which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx over k. Wait, no: the original problem is to minimize the maximum of the overlap integral. Which is the same as minimizing the maximum of (1 - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx). So to minimize this maximum, we need to maximize the minimum of ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx over k. That's an interesting perspective. So the problem becomes maximizing the minimal correlation between h and its shifted versions.

This suggests that we need to maximize the minimal pairwise correlation between the function h and its shifts. So the problem is a type of correlation maximization problem.

This might be related to the theory of optimal correlation functions. Perhaps using a function that has good properties in this aspect.

Another thought: the function h(x) could be designed to have high correlation with itself for certain shifts but low for others. However, we need to ensure that the minimal correlation is as high as possible, so that the maximal overlap (which is 1 - minimal correlation) is minimized.

But how to construct such a function?

Maybe using a function that is a sum of functions with certain properties. For example, if h(x) is constructed as multiple intervals where it's 1, spaced in such a way that shifting by any k would not align them too much.

Alternatively, considering a function that is a periodic approximation. Let me think about a function that is piecewise constant, with multiple segments. For example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into several equal parts and set h(x) to 1 in certain parts and 0 in others, such that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

But the problem is ensuring that the total integral over [0,2] is 1. So the function can't be too sparse or too dense.

Another idea: using a function that has multiple peaks. For example, if we have three peaks spaced apart, then shifting the function by certain amounts would overlap different peaks, but with controlled areas.

But again, this is vague. Let's think about the previous code's approach. It starts with an initial guess, then uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe the problem is that the initial guess is not optimal. So, trying different initial guesses could help. The previous code used various pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions as initial guesses. Maybe adding more varied or different initial functions could help escape local optima.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more sophisticated initial guess based on known optimal configurations. For example, using a function that's known to have good properties for this problem.

Another approach: considering the problem as an optimization over the function h, which can be represented as a vector of values at discrete points. The constraints are that the sum is fixed (n_points / 2) and each element is between 0 and 1. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the correlations (the overlap integral).

The previous code uses a fixed number of points (45) and applies differential evolution and SLSQP. But maybe using a lower number of points could allow for faster optimization and better exploration of the space. However, the user mentions that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, but the initial h is 45 points, so perhaps trying with a lower number of points (like 30-50) could help.

Wait, the previous code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 45. However, maybe starting with a different number of points could lead to better results. For instance, perhaps 30 points would allow for more efficient optimization. But the user doesn't specify that, so maybe we should stick with the initial 45 points but try to find a better optimization approach.

Alternatively, the code could use a different optimization strategy. The previous code uses SLSQP for local optimization and differential evolution for global search. Maybe using Bayesian optimization or another global optimization method could be more effective. However, the problem is that scipy's differential evolution might not be the best here.

Another idea is to use a more efficient local optimization method. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method. Maybe using a different local optimizer like BFGS, but with some modifications.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm with a larger population and more generations could help find better solutions. However, the time budget is limited, so the number of generations needs to be carefully controlled.

Wait, the code uses differential evolution with a certain number of iterations. Maybe adjusting the parameters of differential evolution (such as mutation rate, recombination rate, population size) could lead to better convergence.

Another thought: since the overlap integral is evaluated via the correlation, perhaps the problem can be transformed into a form that's easier to optimize. For example, considering that the maximum of the correlations can be expressed in terms of the function's properties. But I'm not sure how to exploit this.

Alternatively, maybe using a surrogate model to approximate the objective function, allowing for more efficient optimization. However, this might be complex to implement.

Another angle: the integral is over [0,2], and the shifts k can be any real number. However, when computing the correlation using np.correlate with mode 'full', the shifts are considered as integer shifts relative to the original array. Wait, no. The np.correlate function with mode 'full' computes the cross-correlation with all possible shifts. But the exact kernel of the convolution depends on the length of the array. So for the function h, of length n_points, the correlation with 1 - h would have length 2n_points - 1. The maximum of these values multiplied by dx (the step size) would be the maximum overlap integral.

Wait, the current code computes C₅ as the maximum of the correlation multiplied by dx. So the code is correct in that sense.

Now, to find a better function, perhaps we need to consider the structure of the correlation. For example, for certain shifts, the correlation would be higher, and we need to minimize the maximum of those.

Another idea: the maximum overlap occurs when the shift k aligns two regions of the function h(x) where it's 1 and 1 - h(x + k) is 1. So the maximum overlap is when the function h(x) and h(x +k) have as much of their "1" regions overlapping as possible. Therefore, to minimize this, the function h should be arranged so that for any shift k, the overlapping of h(x) and h(x +k) is minimized.

This is similar to the concept of an "optimal" function for a given problem, which in some cases is a set of pulses spaced to minimize overlap when shifted.

But what's the optimal way to arrange these pulses? For example, if we use a function that is 1 in certain intervals, and the intervals are spaced such that shifting them by any amount doesn't cause large overlaps. This might be similar to the problem in binary sequences with minimal autocorrelation, but extended to real functions.

In the case of binary sequences, the problem of minimizing the maximum autocorrelation is well-studied. For example, the concept of a Barker sequence, which has minimal autocorrelation. However, the current problem isn't exactly the same, but there might be some analogous ideas.

Perhaps using a function that has multiple intervals spaced in a way that their overlaps are minimized. For example, placing intervals at positions that are as far apart as possible.

Another thought: since the integral over [0,2] of h(x) is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So if h(x) is a step function with varying levels between 0 and 1, maybe a function that oscillates between 0 and 1 in a controlled manner could be better.

Wait, the previous code used pulse and triangle wave functions as initial guesses. Maybe trying a different waveform, like a square wave with different duty cycles, could help.

Alternatively, considering a function that is a combination of multiple waveforms, like a sum of sinusoids, but constrained to [0,1] and with integral 1. However, ensuring this with a numerical optimization approach could be challenging.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing algorithm with some modifications. Let me think about what could be improved in the previous code.

The previous code uses a few initial guesses and then runs differential evolution followed by SLSQP refinement. Perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses could lead to better exploration of the search space. For example, adding more initial guesses with different periodicities or patterns.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of points (45), trying to use a different number of points. Let me check the code. The initial_h_values has 45 points, and the code uses that. Maybe using a different number of points could help. For example, using 30 points might allow for faster optimization, but the previous code uses 45. However, the user's target is to achieve a lower C₅, so maybe not.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. But perhaps using a combination of different optimization techniques, like using differential evolution for global search and then refining with a different local optimizer like L-BFGS-B or another method.

Wait, the SLSQP method in scipy.optimize is a sequential quadratic programming method, which might not be the best for this problem, especially if the objective function is non-convex. However, the problem is non-convex, so local optima are possible.

Another thought: the current code evaluates the objective function as the maximum of the correlation values. But the correlation calculation could be noisy with the discretization. Maybe using a more accurate method or adjusting the discretization parameters could help.

Alternatively, the code uses a fixed dx = 2.0 / n_points. However, if the function h is sampled at a higher resolution, maybe the integration is more accurate. But for the problem, the discretization is part of the approach, so that's probably necessary.

Another idea: use a different initial guess. The previous code starts with the initial_h_values and adds various pulse, saw, and triangle waveforms as guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using different frequencies, duty cycles, or even generating random initial guesses with certain properties.

But how to generate them? The code already has some functions to generate pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe generating more such functions with different parameters could help.

Alternatively, using a more random initial approach, but ensuring that the sum is 1. For example, generating random h_values and normalizing, but perhaps with some structure to prevent poor initial configurations.

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization library or method. For example, using the COBYLA method in SLSQP, or other methods that handle bounds and constraints more efficiently. However, the code already uses SLSQP.

Another angle: the problem of minimizing the maximum overlap integral is related to the concept of "minimal maximum overlap," which is crucial for the Erdős constant. Previous research might offer insights into known constructions or methods. However, given the time constraints, I can't refer to external resources.

Considering all of this, perhaps the following steps could be taken in the improved code:

1. Start with the initial_h_values and generate a variety of initial guesses, including different waveforms, random configurations, etc.
2. Use a more aggressive global optimization method, like differential evolution with adjusted parameters.
3. Refine the solutions using local optimization methods (like SLSQP) with tighter convergence criteria.
4. Consider using a different number of points (maybe increasing or decreasing from 45) to find a better balance between search space and computational cost.
5. Incorporate multiple local optimizations with different starting points to avoid getting stuck in local optima.

Wait, the previous code uses 45 points. Let me see: when n_points is 45, dx is 2/45 ≈ 0.0444. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower. So maybe using a larger number of points could give more precision, but the time budget might not allow for that. However, the user says that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, so 45 is acceptable.

So perhaps the key is to improve the optimization process. For example, using more sophisticated initial guesses, adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution, or using a different optimization method.

Another idea: instead of using the initial_h_values as a starting point, generating a random initial guess with a more structured approach. For example, generating a function that has certain periodic properties.

Alternatively, use a genetic algorithm with a fitness function based on the overlap integral. However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch might be time-consuming, but the existing code uses differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm.

But maybe the existing differential evolution isn't sufficient. Let me check the parameters used in the previous code:

In the previous code, differential evolution is called with:

res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50,
                                     mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)

So popsize is 100, which is quite large. But with only 50 iterations, it might not be enough. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or adjusting mutation and recombination parameters could help find better solutions.

Alternatively, using a smaller popsize and more iterations. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, and the code needs to finish before that.

In the previous code, after generating some initial guesses, there are 3 iterations of differential evolution, each with 50 iterations. Then there are 5 iterations of SLSQP refinement. Maybe increasing the number of differential evolution iterations or the population size could help.

Another thought: the objective function is not smooth, and the differential evolution might get stuck in certain regions. So, using multiple different initial guesses and varying parameters could be beneficial.

So, how to modify the code to improve on the previous approach?

Maybe adjust the differential evolution parameters, such as using a higher population size, more iterations, or different mutation and recombination rates.

Also, perhaps using a different method for the initial guesses. For example, using a variety of waveforms with different periods and duty cycles.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include pulses with frequencies from 3 to 9, sawtooth and triangle waves with various duty cycles, and random guesses. Maybe adding more such functions could help. For example, including some stepped functions with different patterns.

Another idea: using the initial_h_values as the first guess, and then trying to find better solutions by perturbing it in various ways.

But how to do that without getting into the same local minima?

Alternatively, trying to use the current function as a starting point and using more refined local optimization steps.

Another possible improvement: adjust the parameters in the SLSQP optimization, such as increasing the number of iterations or changing the tolerance.

Also, the code currently evaluates the objective function as the max of the correlation. Since the correlation for shifts outside of the function's support might be small, maybe the maximum is achieved for certain shifts that correspond to overlapping regions. However, the code correctly accounts for all possible shifts via the correlation calculation.

In terms of code, the previous approach uses the initial_h_values as a base, then applies various optimization steps. To improve this, perhaps I can:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses.
- Use more iterations of differential evolution.
- Use different optimization methods for different stages.

But since the code has to run within 100 seconds, the number of iterations must be carefully managed.

Another approach is to use a multi-start optimization strategy, where multiple initial points are used, and the best solution found across all starts is returned. The previous code already uses this approach by creating multiple initial guesses and evaluating each.

So, perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, adding more different waveform types, or more frequent random initializations.

Another idea: instead of just random initial guesses, use some structured patterns. For example, functions that are periodic with a certain fundamental frequency, or have specific symmetry properties.

In addition, perhaps combining the differential evolution with a more efficient local optimizer. For example, after the differential evolution phase, refine the best solution using a more precise optimization method.

Another possible adjustment: instead of using the default parameters for SLSQP, adjust the options to allow for more iterations or tighter tolerances.

Now, to translate these ideas into code changes.

First, generate more initial guesses. For example, include more pulse and waveform functions with higher frequencies. Or generate functions with different patterns.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include:

- h
- Pulses with frequencies 3-9
- Sawtooth waves with duty cycles 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5
- Triangle waves with same duty cycles
- 10 random guesses

Perhaps adding more variations here. For example, adding more random guesses, different frequencies, or different waveform shapes.

Then, in the differential evolution step, increase the number of iterations or adjust parameters.

In the code, after generating initial guesses, the differential evolution is run for 3 times, with each iteration having 50 maxiter. Maybe increasing this to 100 iterations could help.

Also, in the differential evolution, the parameters like mutation and recombination might be adjusted. For example, using mutation=(0.5, 0.95) is standard, but other values could be tried.

In the refinement step, the code runs the SLSQP optimizer multiple times. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement iterations or adjusting the options.

Another idea: instead of using the initial_h_values as a starting point, use a different initial guess. However, the user says to use initial_h_values if available. So we must use it as the first guess.

Another possible improvement is to use a different cost function. For example, instead of maximizing the correlation, we could try to use an approximation or a different form to avoid issues with the maximum.

But the current code correctly computes the maximum of the correlation, which is the overlap integral.

Putting this together, the code could be modified as follows:

- Increase the number of initial guesses by adding more waveform types, such as more pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions with different parameters.
- Increase the number of iterations for differential evolution and adjust its parameters.
- Improve the refinement step by using more iterations and better optimization settings.

Another possible change is to use a different method for the initial guesses. For example, generating more structured guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles.

In code, this would involve expanding the guesses list by adding more functions. For example, using different frequencies in the pulse generator, or adding more duty cycles for the sawtooth and triangle functions.

Additionally, using a different method for the random initial guesses. For example, generating random functions with certain properties, like ensuring they are not too clustered in certain regions.

However, generating such functions algorithmically might be complex, but with numpy, we can create them using various methods.

Another idea: instead of using the COBYLA method in SLSQP, maybe using the BFGS method with bounds. But the code currently uses SLSQP. Maybe switching to a different method could have benefits.

But the code uses SLSQP with the 'scipy.optimize.minimize' function. The previous code uses 'SLSQP' as the method. 

Another adjustment: in the SLSQP optimization, increasing the number of iterations allowed, or decreasing the ftol to get a better solution.

Now, considering all these possibilities, here's a plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting guess.
- Generate a larger set of initial guesses, including more waveform types, different frequencies, and duty cycles.
- Use differential evolution with more iterations and possibly different parameters.
- Perform multiple refinement steps using SLSQP with tighter convergence criteria.
- Ensure that the code completes within the budget by carefully managing the iterations and avoiding excessive computation.

In terms of code structure, the previous code already has a lot of these elements. To improve, I can:

- Expand the guesses list with more functions.
- Increase the number of iterations in the differential evolution.
- Adjust parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP optimizers.
- Add more refinement steps.

Now, let me think about how to implement these changes in code.

First, generating more initial guesses. For example, adding higher frequencies for the pulse generators. The previous code generates pulses with frequencies from 3 to 9. Maybe increasing that range or adding more duty cycles.

Also, adding more sawtooth and triangle waves with different parameters.

Next, in the differential evolution step, increasing the maxiter from 50 to 100, or increasing the popsize. However, the code currently uses popsize=100, which might be large enough. But increasing it to 150 might help.

Also, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters. For example, using a mutation range of (0.6, 0.95) or similar.

In the refinement step, increasing the number of iterations of the SLSQP refinement.

Also, in the initial code, after generating the guesses, it runs the differential evolution three times. Perhaps increasing this to 5 or 10 times could give better results, but needs to be managed to fit within the time budget.

Another idea: instead of doing differential evolution and then refinement, use the differential evolution to generate a few candidates, then refine them with SLSQP.

In terms of code, the previous code does this: after generating guesses, it runs differential evolution for three times, then performs refinement steps.

In conclusion, the main improvements would involve:

1. Expanding the guesses list with more varied initial function shapes.
2. Increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution.
3. Fine-tuning the parameters of the optimization steps.
4. Ensuring that the refinement steps are thorough and sufficient to find better local optima.

Now, implementing these changes in the code.

In the code's 'guesses' list, the previous code adds pulses from 3-9. Let's try expanding to 5-12, or adding more.

Also, adding more random guesses. In the previous code, it adds 10 random guesses. Maybe increasing that number.

Another adjustment: in the 'gen_pulses' function, change the frequency range. For example, frequencies from 2 to 10.

Additionally, in the 'gen_saw' and 'gen_triangle' functions, adding more duty cycles, like 0.1, 0.6, 0.7, etc.

Also, maybe adding a function that generates a sequence of steps with varying amplitudes, but ensuring the integral is 1.

But generating such functions algorithmically is complex.

Another idea: for the random guesses, instead of just random numbers, use a more structured approach. For example, generating random steps with certain properties, like ensuring that the sum is approximately correct.

However, the code's 'gen_random' function already normalizes the sum. So it's okay.

Thus, the code can be modified to generate more initial guesses.

Another possible change is to use a different method for the initial guesses. For example, using a function that has alternating high and low values, or some other pattern.

Once the initial guesses are expanded, the code will have more chances to find a good starting point for the optimization.

In terms of the differential evolution, increasing the maxiter from 50 to 100, which would take more time. But since the code is limited to 100 seconds, this needs to be balanced against the number of iterations.

Now, considering the time constraints, let's assume that using differential evolution for 50 iterations with a larger population size might be manageable.

Another aspect is to ensure that the code doesn't exceed the time budget. The previous code checks time and stops if it's near the budget.

In the code, after the initial guesses, the differential evolution runs 3 times, each with 50 iterations. Then, refinement steps are done for 5 times. Maybe increasing the number of differential evolution runs to 5 times, each with 50 iterations, and adjusting parameters accordingly.

Overall, the code changes would involve:

- Expanding the 'guesses' list with more waveform types.
- Adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution.
- Refining the solution more thoroughly.

Now, putting all this into code.

The code will have to be modified to include more initial guesses, adjust the differential evolution parameters, and possibly change the optimization settings.

An example of the 'guesses' list could be expanded as follows:

original guesses include:
- initial_h_values
- pulses with frequencies 3-9
- sawtooth with duty cycles 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5
- triangle with same
- 10 random

Expand to include:

- pulses with frequencies 2-12 (more range)
- sawtooth with duty cycles 0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9
- triangle with same
- more random guesses (like 20 instead of 10)
- other waveforms (e.g., sine waves with different frequencies)

But generating these functions requires more code.

Another thing: the 'gen_pulses' function may not be the best for generating good initial guesses. Perhaps using a different waveform could lead to better results.

In any case, the code will need to be modified to generate more varied guesses.

However, to keep the code within the token limit, it's important to minimize the number of added lines.

Another approach is to keep the existing guess functions and just add more examples. For example, adding more frequencies and duty cycles.

Now, for the code, here's an outline of the changes:

Expand the 'guesses' list as follows:

1. Add more pulse frequencies (maybe 2-12)
2. Add more duty cycles for sawtooth and triangle (maybe 0.1, 0.6, etc.)
3. Add more random guesses (increase from 10 to 20)

In code:

for freq in range(2, 13):  # instead of 3-9
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))

for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9]:
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))

for _ in range(20):  # instead of 10
    guesses.append(gen_random())

This would generate a larger set of initial guesses, increasing the chance of finding a good starting point.

Additionally, adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution:

changing maxiter to 100, increasing popsize to 150, etc. Or adjusting the mutation and recombination.

But in the code, the 'differential_evolution' call is:

res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50,
                                     mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)

Maybe changing maxiter to 100, and increasing popsize to 150 would help. However, the time budget must be managed.

Another possible change: in the refinement steps, increase the number of iterations or adjust the optimization parameters.

In the 'refine' function, the code currently runs 5 times, but maybe increasing this to 10.

Another optimization parameter is the 'ftol' in the SLSQP options, which could be decreased to 1e-10 for better convergence.

Putting all these changes together, the code would be more comprehensive in its initial guesses and optimization steps, leading to potentially better results.

In summary, the main changes to the code are:

- Expand the initial guesses with more varied functions.
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution to allow for more iterations and better exploration.
- Increase the number of refinement iterations.
- Fine-tune the optimization parameters for SLSQP to get better convergence.

These changes should increase the chances of finding a better upper bound for C₅.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 13):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(20):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```